Okay, good morning. So today uh this Okay, good morning. So today uh this morning we are doing the Renaissance. morning we are doing the Renaissance. morning we are doing the Renaissance. Specifically we are asking the question Specifically we are asking the question Specifically we are asking the question how the Renaissance how did the how the Renaissance how did the how the Renaissance how did the Renaissance start? Because the Renaissance start? Because the Renaissance start? Because the Renaissance was a re was an intellectual Renaissance was a re was an intellectual Renaissance was a re was an intellectual revolution in uh Europe that would revolution in uh Europe that would revolution in uh Europe that would ultimately change the fate of Europe. ultimately change the fate of Europe. ultimately change the fate of Europe. Okay guys, um the Renaissance was a Okay guys, um the Renaissance was a Okay guys, um the Renaissance was a re-imagining of classical Greece in a re-imagining of classical Greece in a re-imagining of classical Greece in a Christian European context. Okay, so Christian European context. Okay, so Christian European context. Okay, so what the Renaissance is going to do is what the Renaissance is going to do is what the Renaissance is going to do is combine classical Greece with Christian combine classical Greece with Christian combine classical Greece with Christian Europe and it's going to create Europe and it's going to create Europe and it's going to create modernity. All right. So the ideas modernity. All right. So the ideas modernity. All right. So the ideas um the values that underpin modernity, um the values that underpin modernity, um the values that underpin modernity, the world we live in today starts with the world we live in today starts with the world we live in today starts with the Renaissance. Okay. So the question we are looking at Okay. So the question we are looking at this morning is how did the Renaissance this morning is how did the Renaissance this morning is how did the Renaissance start? Okay. And there are lots of very start? Okay. And there are lots of very start? Okay. And there are lots of very different theories and what scholars different theories and what scholars different theories and what scholars today believe is it was a perfect storm today believe is it was a perfect storm today believe is it was a perfect storm of cultural historical economic trends. of cultural historical economic trends. of cultural historical economic trends. Okay. So let's look at the main factors. Okay. So let's look at the main factors. Okay. So let's look at the main factors. The first is the decline of consenapole. The first is the decline of consenapole. The first is the decline of consenapole. So for um hundreds of years consenapole So for um hundreds of years consenapole So for um hundreds of years consenapole was the epicenter of European culture. was the epicenter of European culture. was the epicenter of European culture. It is the here to the Roman GO Roman It is the here to the Roman GO Roman It is the here to the Roman GO Roman legacy. But as the Ottoman Turks start legacy. But as the Ottoman Turks start legacy. But as the Ottoman Turks start to encroach on Bisantine territory um a to encroach on Bisantine territory um a to encroach on Bisantine territory um a lot of the scholars a lot of the major lot of the scholars a lot of the major lot of the scholars a lot of the major thinkers of bison empire they start to thinkers of bison empire they start to thinkers of bison empire they start to shift back to Europe and they bring with shift back to Europe and they bring with shift back to Europe and they bring with them Plato Aristotle okay so that's one them Plato Aristotle okay so that's one them Plato Aristotle okay so that's one major factor the crusades the crusades major factor the crusades the crusades major factor the crusades the crusades remember we discussed last class it was remember we discussed last class it was remember we discussed last class it was a time when Europeans encountered the a time when Europeans encountered the a time when Europeans encountered the Muslim world um at mass and as a result Muslim world um at mass and as a result Muslim world um at mass and as a result they absorb a lot of the culture culture they absorb a lot of the culture culture they absorb a lot of the culture culture and politics of the Islamic Golden and politics of the Islamic Golden and politics of the Islamic Golden Age. Then there was a fact that in Italy Age. Then there was a fact that in Italy Age. Then there was a fact that in Italy you had many different citystates in you had many different citystates in you had many different citystates in competition with each other and we as we competition with each other and we as we competition with each other and we as we discussed in many classes before when discussed in many classes before when discussed in many classes before when you have that you have something called you have that you have something called you have that you have something called open cooperative competition which leads open cooperative competition which leads open cooperative competition which leads to um innovation. Okay. Also, what's to um innovation. Okay. Also, what's to um innovation. Okay. Also, what's really important for us to remember is really important for us to remember is really important for us to remember is that because these city states were that because these city states were that because these city states were always at war with each other, everyone always at war with each other, everyone always at war with each other, everyone was a participant in history. Remember, was a participant in history. Remember, was a participant in history. Remember, if you are a if you are in an imperial if you are a if you are in an imperial if you are a if you are in an imperial bureaucracy, if you're a bureaucrat, you bureaucracy, if you're a bureaucrat, you bureaucracy, if you're a bureaucrat, you can sort of stand outside of history and can sort of stand outside of history and can sort of stand outside of history and observe history. But if you're a observe history. But if you're a observe history. But if you're a participant in history, then you are participant in history, then you are participant in history, then you are fighting wars. You're a participant in fighting wars. You're a participant in fighting wars. You're a participant in politics. Okay? you're always thinking politics. Okay? you're always thinking politics. Okay? you're always thinking about the relevance of your theory to about the relevance of your theory to about the relevance of your theory to reality. Um, the three major city states reality. Um, the three major city states reality. Um, the three major city states of Italy that will give rise to of Italy that will give rise to of Italy that will give rise to Renaissance are Florence, Venice and Renaissance are Florence, Venice and Renaissance are Florence, Venice and Genoa. Venice and Genoa are known for Genoa. Venice and Genoa are known for Genoa. Venice and Genoa are known for their slave trade. Okay? So, they're their slave trade. Okay? So, they're their slave trade. Okay? So, they're trading slaves with the Muslim world. trading slaves with the Muslim world. trading slaves with the Muslim world. And through this trade they're bringing And through this trade they're bringing And through this trade they're bringing back uh the books, the ideas, the values back uh the books, the ideas, the values back uh the books, the ideas, the values of the Islamic world into Europe as well of the Islamic world into Europe as well of the Islamic world into Europe as well because of this trade and commerce. Um because of this trade and commerce. Um because of this trade and commerce. Um these three cities states become these three cities states become these three cities states become extremely wealthy and that allows them extremely wealthy and that allows them extremely wealthy and that allows them to patronize the to patronize the to patronize the arts. Um so you have the rise of a arts. Um so you have the rise of a arts. Um so you have the rise of a merchant elite in Florence. The family merchant elite in Florence. The family merchant elite in Florence. The family is called the is called the is called the medi. Okay. Why this is important is um medi. Okay. Why this is important is um medi. Okay. Why this is important is um previous elites were either of the previous elites were either of the previous elites were either of the warrior class or the priest class. If warrior class or the priest class. If warrior class or the priest class. If you're a warrior class, you win your you're a warrior class, you win your you're a warrior class, you win your legitimacy by fighting the battlefield. legitimacy by fighting the battlefield. legitimacy by fighting the battlefield. If you're a priest, your legitimacy If you're a priest, your legitimacy If you're a priest, your legitimacy comes from God or the gods. But if comes from God or the gods. But if comes from God or the gods. But if you're a merchant elite, the question you're a merchant elite, the question you're a merchant elite, the question then is where does your leg legitimacy then is where does your leg legitimacy then is where does your leg legitimacy come from? And so because of this come from? And so because of this come from? And so because of this question, the medi are forced to question, the medi are forced to question, the medi are forced to patronize a lot of the arts. they will patronize a lot of the arts. they will patronize a lot of the arts. they will patronize uh individuals including uh patronize uh individuals including uh patronize uh individuals including uh Dainci, Raphael, Michelangelo, basically Dainci, Raphael, Michelangelo, basically Dainci, Raphael, Michelangelo, basically the major artists of the Renaissance. the major artists of the Renaissance. the major artists of the Renaissance. Okay. Um at this time from 1305 to 1378 Okay. Um at this time from 1305 to 1378 Okay. Um at this time from 1305 to 1378 there actually two popes in Europe. there actually two popes in Europe. there actually two popes in Europe. There's a crisis of legitimacy and There's a crisis of legitimacy and There's a crisis of legitimacy and authority in the Catholic Church. Uh the authority in the Catholic Church. Uh the authority in the Catholic Church. Uh the pope moves to Avanon and therefore the pope moves to Avanon and therefore the pope moves to Avanon and therefore the pope doesn't really have authority over pope doesn't really have authority over pope doesn't really have authority over Italy. Italy. Italy. You also have um the rise of You also have um the rise of You also have um the rise of universities and monasteries. universities and monasteries. universities and monasteries. Universities and monasteries are places Universities and monasteries are places Universities and monasteries are places of theological debate and discussion and of theological debate and discussion and of theological debate and discussion and they store the classics and this is they store the classics and this is they store the classics and this is where a lot of new ideas will um come where a lot of new ideas will um come where a lot of new ideas will um come from. And then uh the last factor uh to from. And then uh the last factor uh to from. And then uh the last factor uh to think about is in 1440 around then um a think about is in 1440 around then um a think about is in 1440 around then um a man named Gutenberg he will invent the man named Gutenberg he will invent the man named Gutenberg he will invent the printing press and the printing press printing press and the printing press printing press and the printing press allows for the rapid dissemination of allows for the rapid dissemination of allows for the rapid dissemination of literacy and knowledge. Okay. So what literacy and knowledge. Okay. So what literacy and knowledge. Okay. So what scholars believe is um these various scholars believe is um these various scholars believe is um these various factors will coalesce into the factors will coalesce into the factors will coalesce into the renaissance and mark an intellectual renaissance and mark an intellectual renaissance and mark an intellectual revolution in Europe. All right. Now, revolution in Europe. All right. Now, revolution in Europe. All right. Now, the thing that you um uh will remember the thing that you um uh will remember the thing that you um uh will remember about my teaching in this class is I about my teaching in this class is I about my teaching in this class is I disagree with scholarship. I think disagree with scholarship. I think disagree with scholarship. I think there's one factor that they're missing there's one factor that they're missing there's one factor that they're missing out and it's the main factor in the out and it's the main factor in the out and it's the main factor in the creation of the Renaissance. I believe I creation of the Renaissance. I believe I creation of the Renaissance. I believe I will argue to you today that Dante, the will argue to you today that Dante, the will argue to you today that Dante, the divine comedy, is what ultimately divine comedy, is what ultimately divine comedy, is what ultimately sparked the Renaissance. without Dante sparked the Renaissance. without Dante sparked the Renaissance. without Dante the Renaissance this revolution would the Renaissance this revolution would the Renaissance this revolution would not have been possible. Okay. So this not have been possible. Okay. So this not have been possible. Okay. So this class I'm going to present you the class I'm going to present you the class I'm going to present you the scholarly mainstream argument and then I scholarly mainstream argument and then I scholarly mainstream argument and then I will present my argument which is that will present my argument which is that will present my argument which is that Dante is most responsible for the Dante is most responsible for the Dante is most responsible for the Renaissance. Okay. Um some a basic fact Renaissance. Okay. Um some a basic fact Renaissance. Okay. Um some a basic fact that we need to that we need to that we need to remember. If you look at all the major remember. If you look at all the major remember. If you look at all the major figures of the Renaissance, okay, figures of the Renaissance, okay, figures of the Renaissance, okay, including Raphael, Galileo, including Raphael, Galileo, including Raphael, Galileo, um Pocachio, uh Michelangelo, okay, the um Pocachio, uh Michelangelo, okay, the um Pocachio, uh Michelangelo, okay, the person who was born the earliest is person who was born the earliest is person who was born the earliest is actually Dante. Okay, in actually Dante. Okay, in actually Dante. Okay, in 1265. So that is a good clue to suggest 1265. So that is a good clue to suggest 1265. So that is a good clue to suggest that perhaps it was Dante that sparked that perhaps it was Dante that sparked that perhaps it was Dante that sparked the Renaissance that he's the uh secret the Renaissance that he's the uh secret the Renaissance that he's the uh secret sauce that made the Renaissance sauce that made the Renaissance sauce that made the Renaissance possible. Okay. And throughout this possible. Okay. And throughout this possible. Okay. And throughout this class I will make you uh this argument. class I will make you uh this argument. class I will make you uh this argument. But first let's go just go over through But first let's go just go over through But first let's go just go over through the scholarly mainstream argument. Okay. the scholarly mainstream argument. Okay. the scholarly mainstream argument. Okay. So um first thing to remember that is So um first thing to remember that is So um first thing to remember that is that before the renaissance Europe was that before the renaissance Europe was that before the renaissance Europe was was connected with Africa uh Asia and was connected with Africa uh Asia and was connected with Africa uh Asia and the Middle East through these dense the Middle East through these dense the Middle East through these dense trade networks. As we discussed trade networks. As we discussed trade networks. As we discussed previously the three main uh city states previously the three main uh city states previously the three main uh city states that are involved in global trade are um that are involved in global trade are um that are involved in global trade are um Venice, okay, Genanoa and Florence. Venice, okay, Genanoa and Florence. Venice, okay, Genanoa and Florence. Venice and Jonoa are the ones who Venice and Jonoa are the ones who Venice and Jonoa are the ones who benefit the most from this trade because benefit the most from this trade because benefit the most from this trade because they are by the coast and they're the they are by the coast and they're the they are by the coast and they're the ones that mo that are most strategically ones that mo that are most strategically ones that mo that are most strategically located to benefit from this trade. located to benefit from this trade. located to benefit from this trade. Okay. And this trade mainly slave trade Okay. And this trade mainly slave trade Okay. And this trade mainly slave trade actually uh so Genanoa and Venice will actually uh so Genanoa and Venice will actually uh so Genanoa and Venice will engage mainly in slave trade. Florence engage mainly in slave trade. Florence engage mainly in slave trade. Florence will not engage in slave trade. It will will not engage in slave trade. It will will not engage in slave trade. It will engage main in wool. Okay. engage main in wool. Okay. engage main in wool. Okay. Wool. Um so this is Venice and the slave Wool. Um so this is Venice and the slave Wool. Um so this is Venice and the slave trade made Venice extremely prosperous. trade made Venice extremely prosperous. trade made Venice extremely prosperous. This is Florence in around the 15th This is Florence in around the 15th This is Florence in around the 15th century. Okay. So um one thing to century. Okay. So um one thing to century. Okay. So um one thing to remember about Italy at this point is remember about Italy at this point is remember about Italy at this point is that it is divided into waring city that it is divided into waring city that it is divided into waring city states. Okay. And as a result they're states. Okay. And as a result they're states. Okay. And as a result they're always in competition with each other. always in competition with each other. always in competition with each other. They're always at war with each other. They're always at war with each other. They're always at war with each other. And as we discussed previously, this And as we discussed previously, this And as we discussed previously, this scenario will drive innovation in scenario will drive innovation in scenario will drive innovation in Europe. Okay, mainly commercial Europe. Okay, mainly commercial Europe. Okay, mainly commercial innovation. By the by about the year innovation. By the by about the year innovation. By the by about the year 1000, as we discussed last class, Europe 1000, as we discussed last class, Europe 1000, as we discussed last class, Europe um is now prosperous and they are um is now prosperous and they are um is now prosperous and they are engaging in commercial trade. The engaging in commercial trade. The engaging in commercial trade. The problem is how do you facilitate trade, problem is how do you facilitate trade, problem is how do you facilitate trade, right? So, for example, if England has a right? So, for example, if England has a right? So, for example, if England has a lot of cotton and then France has a lot lot of cotton and then France has a lot lot of cotton and then France has a lot of um of um of um bananas, what if England doesn't want bananas, what if England doesn't want bananas, what if England doesn't want bananas? Well, England and France cannot bananas? Well, England and France cannot bananas? Well, England and France cannot trade with with each other. So, the only trade with with each other. So, the only trade with with each other. So, the only way to get around this is by creating a way to get around this is by creating a way to get around this is by creating a currency that everyone wants and the currency that everyone wants and the currency that everyone wants and the currency that everyone wants is gold. currency that everyone wants is gold. currency that everyone wants is gold. So, in Florence, they create something So, in Florence, they create something So, in Florence, they create something called the gold floren, which is the called the gold floren, which is the called the gold floren, which is the currency of uh Florence. But because it currency of uh Florence. But because it currency of uh Florence. But because it is so um prestigious because it's mainly is so um prestigious because it's mainly is so um prestigious because it's mainly gold everyone wants it and so the gold gold everyone wants it and so the gold gold everyone wants it and so the gold floren becomes the currency of European floren becomes the currency of European floren becomes the currency of European trade and the family that most benefits trade and the family that most benefits trade and the family that most benefits from uh the status of the floren is the from uh the status of the floren is the from uh the status of the floren is the medi medi family. Okay. So this is medi medi family. Okay. So this is medi medi family. Okay. So this is kasumo the basic basically the founding kasumo the basic basically the founding kasumo the basic basically the founding patriarch of the family. And so what he patriarch of the family. And so what he patriarch of the family. And so what he will do is he will pull the resources of will do is he will pull the resources of will do is he will pull the resources of rich people in Florence and to create a rich people in Florence and to create a rich people in Florence and to create a bank meaning if you're a merchant you bank meaning if you're a merchant you bank meaning if you're a merchant you can borrow from uh this bank and what he can borrow from uh this bank and what he can borrow from uh this bank and what he will do is he will set up branches all will do is he will set up branches all will do is he will set up branches all throughout Europe in order to facilitate throughout Europe in order to facilitate throughout Europe in order to facilitate and underwrite European trade. Okay. And and underwrite European trade. Okay. And and underwrite European trade. Okay. And obviously he gets a cut of all this obviously he gets a cut of all this obviously he gets a cut of all this trade and as a result the Medachi family trade and as a result the Medachi family trade and as a result the Medachi family become tremendously wealthy and they become tremendously wealthy and they become tremendously wealthy and they create the Medi dynasty. From this create the Medi dynasty. From this create the Medi dynasty. From this family four popes will emerge. Okay, family four popes will emerge. Okay, family four popes will emerge. Okay, four popes will emerge. They will four popes will emerge. They will four popes will emerge. They will eventually take over Floren and create eventually take over Floren and create eventually take over Floren and create their own monarchy. As we discussed, if their own monarchy. As we discussed, if their own monarchy. As we discussed, if you're a merchant family, you have a you're a merchant family, you have a you're a merchant family, you have a legitimacy problem. You didn't uh win legitimacy problem. You didn't uh win legitimacy problem. You didn't uh win the title. you didn't win your wealth on the title. you didn't win your wealth on the title. you didn't win your wealth on the battlefield. You don't represent the battlefield. You don't represent the battlefield. You don't represent God. All you all you have is a lot of God. All you all you have is a lot of God. All you all you have is a lot of money. So in order to legitimize money. So in order to legitimize money. So in order to legitimize themselves, they will go on a massive themselves, they will go on a massive themselves, they will go on a massive spending spree in order to make Florence spending spree in order to make Florence spending spree in order to make Florence the cultural capital of Europe. Okay? So the cultural capital of Europe. Okay? So the cultural capital of Europe. Okay? So they will first of all fund these they will first of all fund these they will first of all fund these massive agricultural projects. Uh the massive agricultural projects. Uh the massive agricultural projects. Uh the most famous church in Florence is called most famous church in Florence is called most famous church in Florence is called the Santa Maria de Fore. It's still the Santa Maria de Fore. It's still the Santa Maria de Fore. It's still there. You guys can still visit it. It's there. You guys can still visit it. It's there. You guys can still visit it. It's the fourth largest church in the world. the fourth largest church in the world. the fourth largest church in the world. It's absolutely stunning. Okay, here's It's absolutely stunning. Okay, here's It's absolutely stunning. Okay, here's here's another view of the church and here's another view of the church and here's another view of the church and the city of Florence and it's still the city of Florence and it's still the city of Florence and it's still there today. If you fly to Florence, you there today. If you fly to Florence, you there today. If you fly to Florence, you will still see this picture. Okay, it is will still see this picture. Okay, it is will still see this picture. Okay, it is incredibly well preserved. This is what incredibly well preserved. This is what incredibly well preserved. This is what inside the church looks like. All inside the church looks like. All inside the church looks like. All right. They will also patronize right. They will also patronize right. They will also patronize um artists. the most famous artists of um artists. the most famous artists of um artists. the most famous artists of this time were patronized by the Medishi this time were patronized by the Medishi this time were patronized by the Medishi family. So, Michelangelo family. So, Michelangelo family. So, Michelangelo um was actually lived with the Med M um was actually lived with the Med M um was actually lived with the Med M Medi family for a while and of course Medi family for a while and of course Medi family for a while and of course he's most famous for a painting called he's most famous for a painting called he's most famous for a painting called the creation of Adam which we which we the creation of Adam which we which we the creation of Adam which we which we will discuss. Okay, the creation of Adam will discuss. Okay, the creation of Adam will discuss. Okay, the creation of Adam is also famous for the statue of David. is also famous for the statue of David. is also famous for the statue of David. All All All right. You also have Dainci who is right. You also have Dainci who is right. You also have Dainci who is considered the um archetypal Renaissance considered the um archetypal Renaissance considered the um archetypal Renaissance man. If you when you think of the man. If you when you think of the man. If you when you think of the Renaissance, you think of Dainci. Okay. Renaissance, you think of Dainci. Okay. Renaissance, you think of Dainci. Okay. Okay. So, uh these are some of his Okay. So, uh these are some of his Okay. So, uh these are some of his paintings. He is a remarkable genius. He paintings. He is a remarkable genius. He paintings. He is a remarkable genius. He is what we call a polymath, which means is what we call a polymath, which means is what we call a polymath, which means that he dabbles or he's interested in that he dabbles or he's interested in that he dabbles or he's interested in every single field of human knowledge. every single field of human knowledge. every single field of human knowledge. the sciences, philosophy, poetry, art, the sciences, philosophy, poetry, art, the sciences, philosophy, poetry, art, music, everything. And he takes all music, everything. And he takes all music, everything. And he takes all these different disciplines and combines these different disciplines and combines these different disciplines and combines them into his them into his them into his art. Okay, this is one of his most art. Okay, this is one of his most art. Okay, this is one of his most famous paintings, the last supper. And famous paintings, the last supper. And famous paintings, the last supper. And this painting I will show you is a work this painting I will show you is a work this painting I will show you is a work of genius. Okay, so later on we will of genius. Okay, so later on we will of genius. Okay, so later on we will actually discuss the last supper, but actually discuss the last supper, but actually discuss the last supper, but first I introduce it to you here. Um first I introduce it to you here. Um first I introduce it to you here. Um this is the school of Athens by Raphael. this is the school of Athens by Raphael. this is the school of Athens by Raphael. Um one one of the most famous paintings Um one one of the most famous paintings Um one one of the most famous paintings in the in the in the world. You also have uh Velli um and again these are um the most um and again these are um the most famous artists of the Renaissance and famous artists of the Renaissance and famous artists of the Renaissance and the Meduchi pigiz every single one of the Meduchi pigiz every single one of the Meduchi pigiz every single one of them. Later on in this class, we'll them. Later on in this class, we'll them. Later on in this class, we'll actually discuss these paintings. But um actually discuss these paintings. But um actually discuss these paintings. But um as the medics are patronizing as the medics are patronizing as the medics are patronizing uh art and culture in Florence, the uh art and culture in Florence, the uh art and culture in Florence, the printing press is being invented by printing press is being invented by printing press is being invented by Gutenberg in Germany. And the and the Gutenberg in Germany. And the and the Gutenberg in Germany. And the and the printing press, it marks a revolution printing press, it marks a revolution printing press, it marks a revolution uh of literacy in Europe. Okay, this is uh of literacy in Europe. Okay, this is uh of literacy in Europe. Okay, this is a picture of what a printing shop looks a picture of what a printing shop looks a picture of what a printing shop looks like. like. like. Okay, so um think about this. Okay, so um think about this. Okay, so um think about this. So the printing press first arrives in So the printing press first arrives in So the printing press first arrives in Venice in 1469. Uh only 30 years later Venice in 1469. Uh only 30 years later Venice in 1469. Uh only 30 years later there are 417 printing presses in a there are 417 printing presses in a there are 417 printing presses in a city. Think of these as publishing city. Think of these as publishing city. Think of these as publishing houses. All houses. All houses. All right. Um in the first 50 right. Um in the first 50 right. Um in the first 50 years there are 20 million volumes of years there are 20 million volumes of years there are 20 million volumes of books that are printed in Europe. So the books that are printed in Europe. So the books that are printed in Europe. So the printing press is a uh revolution of printing press is a uh revolution of printing press is a uh revolution of literacy and knowledge in Europe that literacy and knowledge in Europe that literacy and knowledge in Europe that democratizes knowledge. Everyone now has democratizes knowledge. Everyone now has democratizes knowledge. Everyone now has access to Plato, Aristotle, the access to Plato, Aristotle, the access to Plato, Aristotle, the Bible. And what they're reading are some Bible. And what they're reading are some Bible. And what they're reading are some of the major thinkers of the of the major thinkers of the of the major thinkers of the Renaissance. So in in terms of poetry, Renaissance. So in in terms of poetry, Renaissance. So in in terms of poetry, there are three major uh poets. There's there are three major uh poets. There's there are three major uh poets. There's Dante, there's Petro and there's Dante, there's Petro and there's Dante, there's Petro and there's Bokachio. All Bokachio. All Bokachio. All right. You also have uh Nicolo Makia who right. You also have uh Nicolo Makia who right. You also have uh Nicolo Makia who we still read today. Um his most famous we still read today. Um his most famous we still read today. Um his most famous work is called the prince and the prince work is called the prince and the prince work is called the prince and the prince is really one of the first political is really one of the first political is really one of the first political treatises in the world. The question treatises in the world. The question treatises in the world. The question then is how do you best govern um a then is how do you best govern um a then is how do you best govern um a state? And today we we remember the state? And today we we remember the state? And today we we remember the prince for its strategy for its almost prince for its strategy for its almost prince for its strategy for its almost amoral strategy on how to rule a state. amoral strategy on how to rule a state. amoral strategy on how to rule a state. What we need to remember is that Mcaveli What we need to remember is that Mcaveli What we need to remember is that Mcaveli himself during this time he was a himself during this time he was a himself during this time he was a startant democrat. He believed that the startant democrat. He believed that the startant democrat. He believed that the people needed um to have a say over the people needed um to have a say over the people needed um to have a say over the fears of Florence and as a result he fears of Florence and as a result he fears of Florence and as a result he came into contact with the Meduchese who came into contact with the Meduchese who came into contact with the Meduchese who tortured him. Okay. But he wrote the tortured him. Okay. But he wrote the tortured him. Okay. But he wrote the prince in order to raise awareness about prince in order to raise awareness about prince in order to raise awareness about politics. He believed that if we are to politics. He believed that if we are to politics. He believed that if we are to have a well functioning republic then have a well functioning republic then have a well functioning republic then everyone needs to understand how everyone needs to understand how everyone needs to understand how politics works. politics works. politics works. Okay. And then you also have from Okay. And then you also have from Okay. And then you also have from Florence uh Galileo who uh we will Florence uh Galileo who uh we will Florence uh Galileo who uh we will discuss u next week. He is the father of discuss u next week. He is the father of discuss u next week. He is the father of science. Okay. So these are the major science. Okay. So these are the major science. Okay. So these are the major thinkers of the renaissance. um the thinkers of the renaissance. um the thinkers of the renaissance. um the philosophy, the value system that philosophy, the value system that philosophy, the value system that underpins all this artistic production underpins all this artistic production underpins all this artistic production is the idea of humanism. Okay, so what is the idea of humanism. Okay, so what is the idea of humanism. Okay, so what is humanism and how is it different from is humanism and how is it different from is humanism and how is it different from um Christianity? Okay, so these are the um Christianity? Okay, so these are the um Christianity? Okay, so these are the three major differences guys. Okay, so three major differences guys. Okay, so three major differences guys. Okay, so let's let's look at them. If you're a let's let's look at them. If you're a let's let's look at them. If you're a Christian, the Catholic Church for the Christian, the Catholic Church for the Christian, the Catholic Church for the longest time struggled with what is the longest time struggled with what is the longest time struggled with what is the nature? What is the idea of nature? What is the idea of nature? What is the idea of God? God? God? Okay. And humanists concern themselves Okay. And humanists concern themselves Okay. And humanists concern themselves with what is the story of humans. Okay? with what is the story of humans. Okay? with what is the story of humans. Okay? Do you guys understand? This is the Do you guys understand? This is the Do you guys understand? This is the major major major revolution in the intellect uh brought revolution in the intellect uh brought revolution in the intellect uh brought on by the Renaissance. a transition from on by the Renaissance. a transition from on by the Renaissance. a transition from a focus on ideas to a focus on a focus on ideas to a focus on a focus on ideas to a focus on stories. Second major difference is stories. Second major difference is stories. Second major difference is Christians always ask how do I save my Christians always ask how do I save my Christians always ask how do I save my soul? How do I ensure that I go to soul? How do I ensure that I go to soul? How do I ensure that I go to heaven? But humanists ask how do I heaven? But humanists ask how do I heaven? But humanists ask how do I flourish? How do I make the most out of flourish? How do I make the most out of flourish? How do I make the most out of my talents? How do I have the best my talents? How do I have the best my talents? How do I have the best possible life on earth? Okay, so the possible life on earth? Okay, so the possible life on earth? Okay, so the Greek word is Greek word is Greek word is udimonia. All right. So, humanism is udimonia. All right. So, humanism is udimonia. All right. So, humanism is actually a return to the values and actually a return to the values and actually a return to the values and belief systems of classical Greece. Now, belief systems of classical Greece. Now, belief systems of classical Greece. Now, last major difference is um Christians last major difference is um Christians last major difference is um Christians always ask how can we best serve God? always ask how can we best serve God? always ask how can we best serve God? How can we best obey God? But humanists How can we best obey God? But humanists How can we best obey God? But humanists ask how do we achieve goodness? How do ask how do we achieve goodness? How do ask how do we achieve goodness? How do we make the world we live in today we make the world we live in today we make the world we live in today beautiful and truthful? Okay. So these beautiful and truthful? Okay. So these beautiful and truthful? Okay. So these are the three major differences that are the three major differences that are the three major differences that separate Christians from humanists. And separate Christians from humanists. And separate Christians from humanists. And what this will and what humanism will what this will and what humanism will what this will and what humanism will represent is a radical re rein reintor represent is a radical re rein reintor represent is a radical re rein reintor sorry sorry sorry reorientation reorientation reorientation of focus of focus of focus from the afterworld into the here and from the afterworld into the here and from the afterworld into the here and now. Okay. Christians care about what now. Okay. Christians care about what now. Okay. Christians care about what happens in heaven. Humanists care about happens in heaven. Humanists care about happens in heaven. Humanists care about what happens today. How do we make the what happens today. How do we make the what happens today. How do we make the most out of today? How do we make the most out of today? How do we make the most out of today? How do we make the world a better place? Okay, does that world a better place? Okay, does that world a better place? Okay, does that make sense to you guys? All right. So, make sense to you guys? All right. So, make sense to you guys? All right. So, having said that, having said that, having said that, let's understand concretely how this let's understand concretely how this let's understand concretely how this transition happened. It happened mainly transition happened. It happened mainly transition happened. It happened mainly through art. Okay. So the main through art. Okay. So the main through art. Okay. So the main transition transition uh to emphasize is transition transition uh to emphasize is transition transition uh to emphasize is a transition from a focus on ideas to a a transition from a focus on ideas to a a transition from a focus on ideas to a focus on stories. So what do I mean by focus on stories. So what do I mean by focus on stories. So what do I mean by that? Okay, let's look at some classical that? Okay, let's look at some classical that? Okay, let's look at some classical Greek sculptures. If you look at some Greek sculptures. If you look at some Greek sculptures. If you look at some Greek sculptures, the thing that stands Greek sculptures, the thing that stands Greek sculptures, the thing that stands out is the motion, the tension, the out is the motion, the tension, the out is the motion, the tension, the emotion in the sculptures, right? emotion in the sculptures, right? emotion in the sculptures, right? There's a story being told. You can There's a story being told. You can There's a story being told. You can almost feel that this person is alive almost feel that this person is alive almost feel that this person is alive and thinking. All right? You can almost and thinking. All right? You can almost and thinking. All right? You can almost go into this person's character. It's a go into this person's character. It's a go into this person's character. It's a story. This sculpture is actually even story. This sculpture is actually even story. This sculpture is actually even more obvious. Right? Within the more obvious. Right? Within the more obvious. Right? Within the sculpture, there's a story taking place. sculpture, there's a story taking place. sculpture, there's a story taking place. It's almost like you're watching a It's almost like you're watching a It's almost like you're watching a movie. And what your mind does when it's movie. And what your mind does when it's movie. And what your mind does when it's looking at the sculpture, when it is in looking at the sculpture, when it is in looking at the sculpture, when it is in conversation with the sculpture, it is conversation with the sculpture, it is conversation with the sculpture, it is imagining what happens before and after. imagining what happens before and after. imagining what happens before and after. You are making the sculpture alive with You are making the sculpture alive with You are making the sculpture alive with your your your imagination. Okay. So that's classical imagination. Okay. So that's classical imagination. Okay. So that's classical Greece. By the time we hit medieval Greece. By the time we hit medieval Greece. By the time we hit medieval Christianity, the very concept of art Christianity, the very concept of art Christianity, the very concept of art changes. It becomes more of an idea. changes. It becomes more of an idea. changes. It becomes more of an idea. Okay. So this is this is from the Carol Okay. So this is this is from the Carol Okay. So this is this is from the Carol Legian Renaissance. Okay. So, basically Legian Renaissance. Okay. So, basically Legian Renaissance. Okay. So, basically the beginning of the Holy Roman Empire. the beginning of the Holy Roman Empire. the beginning of the Holy Roman Empire. And as you can And as you can And as you can see, the artwork, it's much more see, the artwork, it's much more see, the artwork, it's much more static. Okay. There's not really a story static. Okay. There's not really a story static. Okay. There's not really a story here. What's being conveyed to you is an here. What's being conveyed to you is an here. What's being conveyed to you is an idea. You don't really have to imagine idea. You don't really have to imagine idea. You don't really have to imagine what's going on because there's really what's going on because there's really what's going on because there's really no space for you to imagine what's going no space for you to imagine what's going no space for you to imagine what's going on. Okay. on. Okay. on. Okay. So the main artwork during the medieval So the main artwork during the medieval So the main artwork during the medieval uh Christian period are stained glass uh Christian period are stained glass uh Christian period are stained glass windows. So you go inside a church and windows. So you go inside a church and windows. So you go inside a church and you see pictures on the windows and what you see pictures on the windows and what you see pictures on the windows and what these are are almost like visual aids. these are are almost like visual aids. these are are almost like visual aids. So when the priest is talking about the So when the priest is talking about the So when the priest is talking about the stories of the Bible, he's using these stories of the Bible, he's using these stories of the Bible, he's using these um pictures to illustrate his point um pictures to illustrate his point um pictures to illustrate his point because remember at this point most because remember at this point most because remember at this point most people are illiterate because of these people are illiterate because of these people are illiterate because of these stained glass windows. The effect that stained glass windows. The effect that stained glass windows. The effect that is created um in the observer is is created um in the observer is is created um in the observer is blinding and awesome. Remember these are blinding and awesome. Remember these are blinding and awesome. Remember these are windows and they're high up in the windows and they're high up in the windows and they're high up in the church. So the light is coming through. church. So the light is coming through. church. So the light is coming through. It makes the pictures wholly illuminated It makes the pictures wholly illuminated It makes the pictures wholly illuminated with light. It's awesome. You're forced with light. It's awesome. You're forced with light. It's awesome. You're forced to send back, but it's also blinding. to send back, but it's also blinding. to send back, but it's also blinding. Blinding just means that it's hard for Blinding just means that it's hard for Blinding just means that it's hard for you to imagine what's going on. The you to imagine what's going on. The you to imagine what's going on. The purpose of these um of this artwork is purpose of these um of this artwork is purpose of these um of this artwork is to make you submit before the power of to make you submit before the power of to make you submit before the power of God for you to understand the God for you to understand the God for you to understand the awesomeness of God. Okay? Does that make awesomeness of God. Okay? Does that make awesomeness of God. Okay? Does that make sense? You're not here to participate. sense? You're not here to participate. sense? You're not here to participate. You're here to submit. All right. So, as you can see, submit. All right. So, as you can see, this is a church. You can see how the this is a church. You can see how the this is a church. You can see how the light comes in and it blinds you, right? light comes in and it blinds you, right? light comes in and it blinds you, right? And it's hard for you to really And it's hard for you to really And it's hard for you to really participate in the artwork. So, this is participate in the artwork. So, this is participate in the artwork. So, this is the idea of medieval Christianity. The the idea of medieval Christianity. The the idea of medieval Christianity. The idea that you through artwork you are idea that you through artwork you are idea that you through artwork you are trying to represent the trying to represent the trying to represent the eternity, the awesomeness, the mystery eternity, the awesomeness, the mystery eternity, the awesomeness, the mystery that is God. All that is God. All that is God. All right. By the time we hit the right. By the time we hit the right. By the time we hit the Renaissance, the attitude is completely Renaissance, the attitude is completely Renaissance, the attitude is completely different. Okay. This is Da Vinci's The different. Okay. This is Da Vinci's The different. Okay. This is Da Vinci's The Last Supper. And from blinding and Last Supper. And from blinding and Last Supper. And from blinding and awesome, we go to compelling and awesome, we go to compelling and awesome, we go to compelling and curious. What this means is compelling curious. What this means is compelling curious. What this means is compelling means that you are drawn into the means that you are drawn into the means that you are drawn into the picture. All right? Why? Because of picture. All right? Why? Because of picture. All right? Why? Because of death. Okay? Meaning the picture moves death. Okay? Meaning the picture moves death. Okay? Meaning the picture moves backwards and it moves backwards and it moves backwards and it moves forwards. And because of this motion, forwards. And because of this motion, forwards. And because of this motion, you are drawn into the picture. Look at you are drawn into the picture. Look at you are drawn into the picture. Look at this table, right? Look at this table. this table, right? Look at this table. this table, right? Look at this table. It's not a complete table. It's too much It's not a complete table. It's too much It's not a complete table. It's too much too small for 13 people to eat. It's too small for 13 people to eat. It's too small for 13 people to eat. It's much too thin. Right? So what your eye much too thin. Right? So what your eye much too thin. Right? So what your eye believes is this table is expanding believes is this table is expanding believes is this table is expanding outwards and so you are part of this outwards and so you are part of this outwards and so you are part of this picture. Does that make sense? Okay. And picture. Does that make sense? Okay. And picture. Does that make sense? Okay. And also it's curious because clearly within also it's curious because clearly within also it's curious because clearly within this picture there's a lot of tension. this picture there's a lot of tension. this picture there's a lot of tension. You see how these different groups are You see how these different groups are You see how these different groups are in discussion. Okay? And they're all in discussion. Okay? And they're all in discussion. Okay? And they're all focused on Jesus. So this is the picture focused on Jesus. So this is the picture focused on Jesus. So this is the picture the artwork of the last supper. In the the artwork of the last supper. In the the artwork of the last supper. In the last supper which appears in the last supper which appears in the last supper which appears in the Bible Jesus reveals that someone has Bible Jesus reveals that someone has Bible Jesus reveals that someone has betrayed them. There's someone uh his betrayed them. There's someone uh his betrayed them. There's someone uh his name is Judas Escarid. He has betrayed name is Judas Escarid. He has betrayed name is Judas Escarid. He has betrayed them to and um the next day Jesus will them to and um the next day Jesus will them to and um the next day Jesus will be arrested and he will be crucified. be arrested and he will be crucified. be arrested and he will be crucified. And once Jesus announces this, everyone And once Jesus announces this, everyone And once Jesus announces this, everyone um becomes anxious. Is it me? Is it me? um becomes anxious. Is it me? Is it me? um becomes anxious. Is it me? Is it me? Am I the betrayer? Okay, there's a lot Am I the betrayer? Okay, there's a lot Am I the betrayer? Okay, there's a lot of tension in this uh picture. And as of tension in this uh picture. And as of tension in this uh picture. And as you can see, it's a radical you can see, it's a radical you can see, it's a radical departure. This very painting is a departure. This very painting is a departure. This very painting is a radical departure from medieval radical departure from medieval radical departure from medieval Christian art. If you look at previous Christian art. If you look at previous Christian art. If you look at previous medieval Christian art, okay, below, um medieval Christian art, okay, below, um medieval Christian art, okay, below, um first of all, it's much more static. first of all, it's much more static. first of all, it's much more static. It's much more organized. There's not It's much more organized. There's not It's much more organized. There's not that much tension in the picture. And that much tension in the picture. And that much tension in the picture. And what's most important is the idea of what's most important is the idea of what's most important is the idea of holiness. You see this hollow holiness. You see this hollow holiness. You see this hollow surrounding each person in the picture, surrounding each person in the picture, surrounding each person in the picture, right? It shows you that these are right? It shows you that these are right? It shows you that these are divine figures. What le Leono Dvanchi divine figures. What le Leono Dvanchi divine figures. What le Leono Dvanchi has done which is very important is he's has done which is very important is he's has done which is very important is he's taking really he's really taken out of taking really he's really taken out of taking really he's really taken out of the hum he's really taken out the the hum he's really taken out the the hum he's really taken out the humanity in the picture. There are no humanity in the picture. There are no humanity in the picture. There are no hallows. What's left is the humanity. hallows. What's left is the humanity. hallows. What's left is the humanity. Okay. These are first and foremost Okay. These are first and foremost Okay. These are first and foremost humans not divine humans not divine humans not divine figures. Okay. So this is another figures. Okay. So this is another figures. Okay. So this is another picture previously. So there's much more picture previously. So there's much more picture previously. So there's much more detail but as you again as you can see detail but as you again as you can see detail but as you again as you can see not as much tension, not as much uh not as much tension, not as much uh not as much tension, not as much uh drama as in the vin da Vinci. All right. drama as in the vin da Vinci. All right. drama as in the vin da Vinci. All right. And this is the most recent. Okay. This And this is the most recent. Okay. This And this is the most recent. Okay. This is the most recent. Now in uh this uh is the most recent. Now in uh this uh is the most recent. Now in uh this uh artwork, Judas Escarid stands out from artwork, Judas Escarid stands out from artwork, Judas Escarid stands out from the rest and so that signals him as the the rest and so that signals him as the the rest and so that signals him as the betrayer. But betrayer. But betrayer. But in Da Vinci's work, it's not obvious who in Da Vinci's work, it's not obvious who in Da Vinci's work, it's not obvious who is the betrayer. Everyone is is the betrayer. Everyone is is the betrayer. Everyone is um afraid that he or she is the um afraid that he or she is the um afraid that he or she is the betrayer. Okay? And then this and what betrayer. Okay? And then this and what betrayer. Okay? And then this and what this does is it forces you to this does is it forces you to this does is it forces you to investigate. It forces you the observer investigate. It forces you the observer investigate. It forces you the observer to observe the details in in order to to observe the details in in order to to observe the details in in order to figure out who is figure out who is figure out who is who. All who. All who. All right. What's amazing about this picture right. What's amazing about this picture right. What's amazing about this picture is the focus on human anatomy, facial is the focus on human anatomy, facial is the focus on human anatomy, facial expressions, right? You see the tensions expressions, right? You see the tensions expressions, right? You see the tensions in the neck, you see the hand gestures. in the neck, you see the hand gestures. in the neck, you see the hand gestures. So what um Da Vinci believed is that the So what um Da Vinci believed is that the So what um Da Vinci believed is that the hands the hand motions they are a window hands the hand motions they are a window hands the hand motions they are a window into the soul of a person. Okay. You into the soul of a person. Okay. You into the soul of a person. Okay. You want to understand how a person thinks want to understand how a person thinks want to understand how a person thinks you see how he or she uses the hands. you see how he or she uses the hands. you see how he or she uses the hands. Okay. And you can see how the hands are Okay. And you can see how the hands are Okay. And you can see how the hands are all in different motions which signifies all in different motions which signifies all in different motions which signifies different personalities, different different personalities, different different personalities, different thoughts inside that person. And again thoughts inside that person. And again thoughts inside that person. And again you're forced to investigate. All right. you're forced to investigate. All right. you're forced to investigate. All right. You can see the anxiety, the stress, the You can see the anxiety, the stress, the You can see the anxiety, the stress, the drama in each of the faces. Da Vinci was drama in each of the faces. Da Vinci was drama in each of the faces. Da Vinci was first and foremost an astute observer of first and foremost an astute observer of first and foremost an astute observer of emotions. Okay? How emotions are emotions. Okay? How emotions are emotions. Okay? How emotions are expressed through the face, through body expressed through the face, through body expressed through the face, through body tension, through breathing, through the tension, through breathing, through the tension, through breathing, through the eyes. Um the man who is who will ultimately Um the man who is who will ultimately responsible for the betrayal is Judas responsible for the betrayal is Judas responsible for the betrayal is Judas Escarat and you can see how Dante Escarat and you can see how Dante Escarat and you can see how Dante subliminally sorry sub with subtlety subliminally sorry sub with subtlety subliminally sorry sub with subtlety emphasizes his betrayal right okay so emphasizes his betrayal right okay so emphasizes his betrayal right okay so you can see how he's darker than the you can see how he's darker than the you can see how he's darker than the other individuals so he's turning away other individuals so he's turning away other individuals so he's turning away from the light he's betrayed God by from the light he's betrayed God by from the light he's betrayed God by turning away from the light okay also turning away from the light okay also turning away from the light okay also um in his hand he's um in his hand he's um in his hand he's clutching some civil coins. Okay? And clutching some civil coins. Okay? And clutching some civil coins. Okay? And you can see his neck. His neck is being you can see his neck. His neck is being you can see his neck. His neck is being empas emphasized. Why? Because all the empas emphasized. Why? Because all the empas emphasized. Why? Because all the tension in his neck. Okay? He can't tension in his neck. Okay? He can't tension in his neck. Okay? He can't breathe. Everyone else is anxious. breathe. Everyone else is anxious. breathe. Everyone else is anxious. You're talking. But he cannot bring You're talking. But he cannot bring You're talking. But he cannot bring himself to talk. So all the tension is himself to talk. So all the tension is himself to talk. So all the tension is captured in his neck. Okay. All right. captured in his neck. Okay. All right. captured in his neck. Okay. All right. So you see all the subtlety here. Right. So you see all the subtlety here. Right. So you see all the subtlety here. Right. Okay, something really fun about um the Okay, something really fun about um the Okay, something really fun about um the the Last Supper is it becomes the basis the Last Supper is it becomes the basis the Last Supper is it becomes the basis for a very famous book called the Da for a very famous book called the Da for a very famous book called the Da Vinci Code. And then and the Da Vinci Vinci Code. And then and the Da Vinci Vinci Code. And then and the Da Vinci Code is a very popular book, no Code is a very popular book, no Code is a very popular book, no scholarship, it's just made for scholarship, it's just made for scholarship, it's just made for entertainment. What it argues is that entertainment. What it argues is that entertainment. What it argues is that Jesus did not die um um sorry Jesus died Jesus did not die um um sorry Jesus died Jesus did not die um um sorry Jesus died but before he died he married his lover but before he died he married his lover but before he died he married his lover who is Mary uh Mad Mageline. Okay. And who is Mary uh Mad Mageline. Okay. And who is Mary uh Mad Mageline. Okay. And so this picture becomes one of the so this picture becomes one of the so this picture becomes one of the sources for the book. So um previously sources for the book. So um previously sources for the book. So um previously scholars have believed that this person scholars have believed that this person scholars have believed that this person is one of the apostles but when you look is one of the apostles but when you look is one of the apostles but when you look at him okay it turns out she's it's at him okay it turns out she's it's at him okay it turns out she's it's almost a she right okay and if you look almost a she right okay and if you look almost a she right okay and if you look at how Jesus and this person is at how Jesus and this person is at how Jesus and this person is stationed it creates an M shape right an stationed it creates an M shape right an stationed it creates an M shape right an M can mean but it stands for their M can mean but it stands for their M can mean but it stands for their closeness together so Um people closeness together so Um people closeness together so Um people speculate that these two are married and speculate that these two are married and speculate that these two are married and by doing this what Dante is really by doing this what Dante is really by doing this what Dante is really emphasizing is the humanity of Jesus. emphasizing is the humanity of Jesus. emphasizing is the humanity of Jesus. Jesus is first and foremost a human. Jesus is first and foremost a human. Jesus is first and foremost a human. Okay. So this is this is interesting Okay. So this is this is interesting Okay. So this is this is interesting guys. Okay. Scholars don't really agree guys. Okay. Scholars don't really agree guys. Okay. Scholars don't really agree with this analysis but it becomes the with this analysis but it becomes the with this analysis but it becomes the basis of the Da Vinci Code which is a basis of the Da Vinci Code which is a basis of the Da Vinci Code which is a really fun book. All right. Something really fun book. All right. Something really fun book. All right. Something that um scholars do believe is the that um scholars do believe is the that um scholars do believe is the mathematics. So if you look at where the mathematics. So if you look at where the mathematics. So if you look at where the hands and the bread are and you map it hands and the bread are and you map it hands and the bread are and you map it onto a music sheet, you can actually onto a music sheet, you can actually onto a music sheet, you can actually play the music. Okay? It's designed to play the music. Okay? It's designed to play the music. Okay? It's designed to be musical. Also, look at the be musical. Also, look at the be musical. Also, look at the configuration. It's a 3 three one 33 configuration. It's a 3 three one 33 configuration. It's a 3 three one 33 configuration. Okay? It turns out if you configuration. Okay? It turns out if you configuration. Okay? It turns out if you look at the Bible and you look for the look at the Bible and you look for the look at the Bible and you look for the passage passage passage 33133 you get this quotation in 33133 you get this quotation in 33133 you get this quotation in Lamentations, okay, in the Bible it Lamentations, okay, in the Bible it Lamentations, okay, in the Bible it says, "For no one is cast off by the says, "For no one is cast off by the says, "For no one is cast off by the Lord forever. Though he brings grief, he Lord forever. Though he brings grief, he Lord forever. Though he brings grief, he will show compassion, so great is his will show compassion, so great is his will show compassion, so great is his unfailing love. For he does not unfailing love. For he does not unfailing love. For he does not willingly bring affliction or grief to willingly bring affliction or grief to willingly bring affliction or grief to anyone." And so the idea here is that anyone." And so the idea here is that anyone." And so the idea here is that God will always love you. God is God will always love you. God is God will always love you. God is love. God is incapable of hating you. love. God is incapable of hating you. love. God is incapable of hating you. Okay? He will always find a way to Okay? He will always find a way to Okay? He will always find a way to forgive you. And if you remember from forgive you. And if you remember from forgive you. And if you remember from last semester, this is the very idea of last semester, this is the very idea of last semester, this is the very idea of the divine comedy. Okay? Leonardo da the divine comedy. Okay? Leonardo da the divine comedy. Okay? Leonardo da Vinci is getting this idea from Dante. Vinci is getting this idea from Dante. Vinci is getting this idea from Dante. And this idea is the backbone of the And this idea is the backbone of the And this idea is the backbone of the last supper. Jesus knows he's been last supper. Jesus knows he's been last supper. Jesus knows he's been betrayed by Judas Escariat. But look at betrayed by Judas Escariat. But look at betrayed by Judas Escariat. But look at him. Okay, let's go back and look at him. Okay, let's go back and look at him. Okay, let's go back and look at him. He's calm. He's reassured. He's him. He's calm. He's reassured. He's him. He's calm. He's reassured. He's already forgiven Judas already forgiven Judas already forgiven Judas Escariat. All right, there's no hatred Escariat. All right, there's no hatred Escariat. All right, there's no hatred in him. There's no anger. The anger and in him. There's no anger. The anger and in him. There's no anger. The anger and the hatred um is everyone else. All the hatred um is everyone else. All the hatred um is everyone else. All right, so that's the last supper. And as right, so that's the last supper. And as right, so that's the last supper. And as you can see, it is heavily influenced by you can see, it is heavily influenced by you can see, it is heavily influenced by uh Dante. All right. This is the most uh Dante. All right. This is the most uh Dante. All right. This is the most famous painting in the world, the Mona famous painting in the world, the Mona famous painting in the world, the Mona Lisa. Um, it has captured the Lisa. Um, it has captured the Lisa. Um, it has captured the imagination of millions of people. imagination of millions of people. imagination of millions of people. Millions of people every year will go to Millions of people every year will go to Millions of people every year will go to France, the Lou to stand in line just so France, the Lou to stand in line just so France, the Lou to stand in line just so they can spend 10 seconds to look at they can spend 10 seconds to look at they can spend 10 seconds to look at this picture. this picture. this picture. Okay. What makes this picture remarkable Okay. What makes this picture remarkable Okay. What makes this picture remarkable is it's secretly is it's secretly is it's secretly alive. When you Donnie spent 16 years alive. When you Donnie spent 16 years alive. When you Donnie spent 16 years crafting this in a way that by just crafting this in a way that by just crafting this in a way that by just talking with it by moving around in talking with it by moving around in talking with it by moving around in conversation with it, it becomes alive. conversation with it, it becomes alive. conversation with it, it becomes alive. So when you just look at it directly, So when you just look at it directly, So when you just look at it directly, Mona Lisa isn't really doing anything. Mona Lisa isn't really doing anything. Mona Lisa isn't really doing anything. She's just smiling. Sorry. So this she's She's just smiling. Sorry. So this she's She's just smiling. Sorry. So this she's she's she's neutral in her expression, she's she's neutral in her expression, she's she's neutral in her expression, right? But if you turn away from her, right? But if you turn away from her, right? But if you turn away from her, what happens is this. What happens is what happens is this. What happens is what happens is this. What happens is she starts off a smile. she starts off a smile. she starts off a smile. Okay. She starts have a smile. So your Okay. She starts have a smile. So your Okay. She starts have a smile. So your eyes play tricks on you. When you move eyes play tricks on you. When you move eyes play tricks on you. When you move away from the picture, what happens is away from the picture, what happens is away from the picture, what happens is your prefer perfume revision still picks your prefer perfume revision still picks your prefer perfume revision still picks up the picture but the expression is up the picture but the expression is up the picture but the expression is different. Okay. So this is the central different. Okay. So this is the central different. Okay. So this is the central version. We just look at her directly. version. We just look at her directly. version. We just look at her directly. But as you move further away from her, But as you move further away from her, But as you move further away from her, she she she smiles. Okay. So what what is this smiles. Okay. So what what is this smiles. Okay. So what what is this saying? What this is saying is the art saying? What this is saying is the art saying? What this is saying is the art is alive if you engage with it. Okay? is alive if you engage with it. Okay? is alive if you engage with it. Okay? Art is not meant to be blinding and Art is not meant to be blinding and Art is not meant to be blinding and awesome. It's meant to be here and now. awesome. It's meant to be here and now. awesome. It's meant to be here and now. Only if you participate in the art does Only if you participate in the art does Only if you participate in the art does it become alive. Only when it becomes it become alive. Only when it becomes it become alive. Only when it becomes alive does it it does it achieve its alive does it it does it achieve its alive does it it does it achieve its true meaning. Okay. So this is the Mona true meaning. Okay. So this is the Mona true meaning. Okay. So this is the Mona Lisa. All right. Let's look at the Lisa. All right. Let's look at the Lisa. All right. Let's look at the school of Athens by Raphael. Um the the school of Athens by Raphael. Um the the school of Athens by Raphael. Um the the actual name for this painting is actual name for this painting is actual name for this painting is actually not school of Athens. It's actually not school of Athens. It's actually not school of Athens. It's actually called philosophy. And the actually called philosophy. And the actually called philosophy. And the reason why is it was commissioned by reason why is it was commissioned by reason why is it was commissioned by Pope Julius II of the Pope Julius II of the Pope Julius II of the Vatican in order to decorate his papal Vatican in order to decorate his papal Vatican in order to decorate his papal apartments. So if you go inside his apartments. So if you go inside his apartments. So if you go inside his apartment paper apartments today, there apartment paper apartments today, there apartment paper apartments today, there are four are four are four major fresco paintings. The first is major fresco paintings. The first is major fresco paintings. The first is called philosophy and then right beside called philosophy and then right beside called philosophy and then right beside philosophy is called religion. Okay. So philosophy is called religion. Okay. So philosophy is called religion. Okay. So religion and philosophy balance each religion and philosophy balance each religion and philosophy balance each other out. They are dependent on each other out. They are dependent on each other out. They are dependent on each other. And then across the wall are two other. And then across the wall are two other. And then across the wall are two more paintings. Poetry and law. All more paintings. Poetry and law. All more paintings. Poetry and law. All right. So that's the very ideal of um right. So that's the very ideal of um right. So that's the very ideal of um the Renaissance. Open-mindedness the Renaissance. Open-mindedness the Renaissance. Open-mindedness exploration and holistic learning. All exploration and holistic learning. All exploration and holistic learning. All right. So let's look at this painting. right. So let's look at this painting. right. So let's look at this painting. First of all, at the very center are two First of all, at the very center are two First of all, at the very center are two figures, Plato and Aristotle. How do we figures, Plato and Aristotle. How do we figures, Plato and Aristotle. How do we know? Because you're holding two books. know? Because you're holding two books. know? Because you're holding two books. This is a Timus by Plato where he This is a Timus by Plato where he This is a Timus by Plato where he discusses um the realm of the forms. discusses um the realm of the forms. discusses um the realm of the forms. Remember before in class we discussed Remember before in class we discussed Remember before in class we discussed Platonic philosophy, right? And how um Platonic philosophy, right? And how um Platonic philosophy, right? And how um Plato conceptualizes heaven. God is a Plato conceptualizes heaven. God is a Plato conceptualizes heaven. God is a form of the good and then from the good form of the good and then from the good form of the good and then from the good will will will emanate um concepts truth will will will emanate um concepts truth will will will emanate um concepts truth beauty justice which will then give rise beauty justice which will then give rise beauty justice which will then give rise to perfect forms okay and so this is um to perfect forms okay and so this is um to perfect forms okay and so this is um argued in his book Timus Aristotle his argued in his book Timus Aristotle his argued in his book Timus Aristotle his most famous book is called ethics how to most famous book is called ethics how to most famous book is called ethics how to lead a good life what's amazing about lead a good life what's amazing about lead a good life what's amazing about this picture is you can see that these this picture is you can see that these this picture is you can see that these two are having a debate so uh first two are having a debate so uh first two are having a debate so uh first thing is Plato is pointing upwards Okay, thing is Plato is pointing upwards Okay, thing is Plato is pointing upwards Okay, he's what he's saying is the real world he's what he's saying is the real world he's what he's saying is the real world what matters is heaven and what what matters is heaven and what what matters is heaven and what Aristotle is saying no what matters is Aristotle is saying no what matters is Aristotle is saying no what matters is down here on earth. Okay, Aristotle is down here on earth. Okay, Aristotle is down here on earth. Okay, Aristotle is concerned about concerned about concerned about um earthly matters. Also look at their um earthly matters. Also look at their um earthly matters. Also look at their uh colors. So Plato is wearing white and uh colors. So Plato is wearing white and uh colors. So Plato is wearing white and red. White symbolizes air. Red red. White symbolizes air. Red red. White symbolizes air. Red symbolizes fire. Right? These are symbolizes fire. Right? These are symbolizes fire. Right? These are spiritual colors. But Aristotle is spiritual colors. But Aristotle is spiritual colors. But Aristotle is wearing blue which signifies water. And wearing blue which signifies water. And wearing blue which signifies water. And then he's also wearing brown which then he's also wearing brown which then he's also wearing brown which signifies the earth. signifies the earth. signifies the earth. Okay. So they're having this debate and Okay. So they're having this debate and Okay. So they're having this debate and this debate is as we discussed this debate is as we discussed this debate is as we discussed previously it is what underpins the previously it is what underpins the previously it is what underpins the debate within western philosophy even debate within western philosophy even debate within western philosophy even today. today. today. Okay. Now, what's amazing is that as the Okay. Now, what's amazing is that as the Okay. Now, what's amazing is that as the two are walking, all right, they're two are walking, all right, they're two are walking, all right, they're splitting the world into two, right? splitting the world into two, right? splitting the world into two, right? There are there are those philosophers There are there are those philosophers There are there are those philosophers who support Aristotle and they focus on who support Aristotle and they focus on who support Aristotle and they focus on earthly matters and then there are earthly matters and then there are earthly matters and then there are people who support Plato who focus on people who support Plato who focus on people who support Plato who focus on spiritual matters on discovering the spiritual matters on discovering the spiritual matters on discovering the secrets of the secrets of the secrets of the universe. All right. Aristotle is universe. All right. Aristotle is universe. All right. Aristotle is concerned about um everyday science on concerned about um everyday science on concerned about um everyday science on uncovering the secrets of a uncovering the secrets of a uncovering the secrets of a reality. Okay, so they're split into two reality. Okay, so they're split into two reality. Okay, so they're split into two and as you can see there is depth to and as you can see there is depth to and as you can see there is depth to this painting. Okay, there's a sky to this painting. Okay, there's a sky to this painting. Okay, there's a sky to the back. There are these arches and so the back. There are these arches and so the back. There are these arches and so it's extending forward and so we're it's extending forward and so we're it's extending forward and so we're being drawn into the picture. That's the being drawn into the picture. That's the being drawn into the picture. That's the power of depth and perception. Um this is Pythagoras. Uh you will know Um this is Pythagoras. Uh you will know him from from Py Pythagoras uh theorem. him from from Py Pythagoras uh theorem. him from from Py Pythagoras uh theorem. But he's first and foremost a But he's first and foremost a But he's first and foremost a spiritualist. He's concerned about spiritualist. He's concerned about spiritualist. He's concerned about mysticism. He's concerned about um God. mysticism. He's concerned about um God. mysticism. He's concerned about um God. Uh this is Uklid, okay? Who is the one Uh this is Uklid, okay? Who is the one Uh this is Uklid, okay? Who is the one of the inventors of of the inventors of of the inventors of geometry, right? And here he's focused geometry, right? And here he's focused geometry, right? And here he's focused on using science, using logic, using on using science, using logic, using on using science, using logic, using deduction to teach his deduction to teach his deduction to teach his students. You also have in the picture students. You also have in the picture students. You also have in the picture many different personalities. You have many different personalities. You have many different personalities. You have Zorastaster who is the founder of Zorastaster who is the founder of Zorastaster who is the founder of Zoroastronism. Okay, the religion of Zoroastronism. Okay, the religion of Zoroastronism. Okay, the religion of Persia. You have Tammy who uh Persia. You have Tammy who uh Persia. You have Tammy who uh investigated how uh the planets move. investigated how uh the planets move. investigated how uh the planets move. All right. And as you can see uh All right. And as you can see uh All right. And as you can see uh Zoraster, can you see this picture Zoraster, can you see this picture Zoraster, can you see this picture clearly? Okay. This is more clear. clearly? Okay. This is more clear. clearly? Okay. This is more clear. Zoroaster is concerned with the heavens, Zoroaster is concerned with the heavens, Zoroaster is concerned with the heavens, with spiritual matters. Tommy is with spiritual matters. Tommy is with spiritual matters. Tommy is concerned with the earth, with all concerned with the earth, with all concerned with the earth, with all reality. All right? So, this is Raf reality. All right? So, this is Raf reality. All right? So, this is Raf acknowledging that there are two acknowledging that there are two acknowledging that there are two different realities. There's the different realities. There's the different realities. There's the material reality, but then there's also material reality, but then there's also material reality, but then there's also a spiritual reality, and they're both a spiritual reality, and they're both a spiritual reality, and they're both important. All right? Now, what's important. All right? Now, what's important. All right? Now, what's amazing here is that Raphael, this is amazing here is that Raphael, this is amazing here is that Raphael, this is Raphael, actually. This is a Raphael, actually. This is a Raphael, actually. This is a self-portrait of Raphael. He will self-portrait of Raphael. He will self-portrait of Raphael. He will actually engage actually engage actually engage in the conversation he will listen in. in the conversation he will listen in. in the conversation he will listen in. He will insert himself in the painting. He will insert himself in the painting. He will insert himself in the painting. Okay. Now remember that Christianity Okay. Now remember that Christianity Okay. Now remember that Christianity focuses on the idea of humility on self- focuses on the idea of humility on self- focuses on the idea of humility on self- negation or removing himself from the negation or removing himself from the negation or removing himself from the world. But Raphael is reinserting world. But Raphael is reinserting world. But Raphael is reinserting himself into the world and celebrating himself into the world and celebrating himself into the world and celebrating his curiosity, celebrating his his curiosity, celebrating his his curiosity, celebrating his humanity. Okay. And where does he get humanity. Okay. And where does he get humanity. Okay. And where does he get this idea from? From Dante, right? this idea from? From Dante, right? this idea from? From Dante, right? Because Dante makes himself the hero of Because Dante makes himself the hero of Because Dante makes himself the hero of the divine comedy. He makes himself the the divine comedy. He makes himself the the divine comedy. He makes himself the focus of the divine focus of the divine focus of the divine comedy. And to go back to the comedy. And to go back to the comedy. And to go back to the conversation between Plato and conversation between Plato and conversation between Plato and Aristotle, look at this. Okay, this is a Aristotle, look at this. Okay, this is a Aristotle, look at this. Okay, this is a visual repres representation of the visual repres representation of the visual repres representation of the divine comedy because remember in the divine comedy because remember in the divine comedy because remember in the divine comedy, Virgil and Dante are divine comedy, Virgil and Dante are divine comedy, Virgil and Dante are engaged in a vigorous debate about the engaged in a vigorous debate about the engaged in a vigorous debate about the nature of love, of the nature of sin, nature of love, of the nature of sin, nature of love, of the nature of sin, right? Okay. So, this is representing right? Okay. So, this is representing right? Okay. So, this is representing the divine comedy. The structure is the the divine comedy. The structure is the the divine comedy. The structure is the same as divine comedy. They're al also same as divine comedy. They're al also same as divine comedy. They're al also as they walk from purgatory uh from from as they walk from purgatory uh from from as they walk from purgatory uh from from infernal to purgatory they're also infernal to purgatory they're also infernal to purgatory they're also talking to other historical figures as talking to other historical figures as talking to other historical figures as well right so this is directly inspired well right so this is directly inspired well right so this is directly inspired by by by Dante does it make sense to you guys okay so this is Raphael okay so not only okay so this is Raphael okay so not only does Raphael insert himself into the does Raphael insert himself into the does Raphael insert himself into the picture he also inserts his friend picture he also inserts his friend picture he also inserts his friend Michelangelo. Okay, this is Michelangelo. Okay, this is Michelangelo. Okay, this is Michelangelo. Michelangelo is known for Michelangelo. Michelangelo is known for Michelangelo. Michelangelo is known for being reclusive. He's known for not being reclusive. He's known for not being reclusive. He's known for not enjoying the company of others. And enjoying the company of others. And enjoying the company of others. And Michelangelo here is conflated with Michelangelo here is conflated with Michelangelo here is conflated with another historical figure, a philosopher another historical figure, a philosopher another historical figure, a philosopher named Heracitis, who is also known for named Heracitis, who is also known for named Heracitis, who is also known for not enjoying the company of of others. not enjoying the company of of others. not enjoying the company of of others. Okay. So, this picture just shows you Okay. So, this picture just shows you Okay. So, this picture just shows you the immense diversity of human thought the immense diversity of human thought the immense diversity of human thought and human personality. It's a sub and human personality. It's a sub and human personality. It's a sub celebration of what it means to be celebration of what it means to be celebration of what it means to be human. Okay. So these paintings leave us human. Okay. So these paintings leave us human. Okay. So these paintings leave us with a fundamental question. All right. with a fundamental question. All right. with a fundamental question. All right. We can now see the radical differences We can now see the radical differences We can now see the radical differences between Christian art and Renaissance between Christian art and Renaissance between Christian art and Renaissance art. So now the question then art. So now the question then art. So now the question then is how did Dante spark the confident is how did Dante spark the confident is how did Dante spark the confident self-exloration and triumphant self-exloration and triumphant self-exloration and triumphant self-expression of the Renaissance? If self-expression of the Renaissance? If self-expression of the Renaissance? If you look at the art, it is confident. uh you look at the art, it is confident. uh you look at the art, it is confident. uh it is triumphant. Okay, it's celebrating it is triumphant. Okay, it's celebrating it is triumphant. Okay, it's celebrating what it means to be human. And what I what it means to be human. And what I what it means to be human. And what I will show you now is what he will do is will show you now is what he will do is will show you now is what he will do is he will re-imagine our relationship with he will re-imagine our relationship with he will re-imagine our relationship with God which is a fundamental question of God which is a fundamental question of God which is a fundamental question of Europe at this time. Okay. So most Europe at this time. Okay. So most Europe at this time. Okay. So most people they're grappling with three people they're grappling with three people they're grappling with three major questions especially major questions especially major questions especially intellectuals. The first question is intellectuals. The first question is intellectuals. The first question is what is God? Okay. What is the idea? what is God? Okay. What is the idea? what is God? Okay. What is the idea? What is the nature of God? Second What is the nature of God? Second What is the nature of God? Second question is what is the nature of the question is what is the nature of the question is what is the nature of the relationship between God and humans? relationship between God and humans? relationship between God and humans? What did God create us? What is our What did God create us? What is our What did God create us? What is our responsibility to God? Okay. And the responsibility to God? Okay. And the responsibility to God? Okay. And the last question is how can we best worship last question is how can we best worship last question is how can we best worship God? Meaning how can we best ensure our God? Meaning how can we best ensure our God? Meaning how can we best ensure our divinity? How can we best ensure that we divinity? How can we best ensure that we divinity? How can we best ensure that we will rise to heaven? All right. So these will rise to heaven? All right. So these will rise to heaven? All right. So these are three fundamental questions are three fundamental questions are three fundamental questions underlying Christian society at this underlying Christian society at this underlying Christian society at this point. All right. point. All right. point. All right. So So So um you can take these three questions um you can take these three questions um you can take these three questions and just ask one question really which and just ask one question really which and just ask one question really which is why did Jesus had to die? Why was is why did Jesus had to die? Why was is why did Jesus had to die? Why was Jesus crucified? Okay, this is the Jesus crucified? Okay, this is the Jesus crucified? Okay, this is the crucification. Okay, why is it that the crucification. Okay, why is it that the crucification. Okay, why is it that the son of god, the messiah had to die? And son of god, the messiah had to die? And son of god, the messiah had to die? And this idea was first um understood and this idea was first um understood and this idea was first um understood and discussed by Paul. Okay. And Paul's idea discussed by Paul. Okay. And Paul's idea discussed by Paul. Okay. And Paul's idea is is is this. God created us and gave us this. God created us and gave us this. God created us and gave us paradise. Okay, this is Adam and Eve in paradise. Okay, this is Adam and Eve in paradise. Okay, this is Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. But because we were the Garden of Eden. But because we were the Garden of Eden. But because we were arrogant, because we were proud, we arrogant, because we were proud, we arrogant, because we were proud, we wanted to become God. We wanted to eat wanted to become God. We wanted to eat wanted to become God. We wanted to eat that fruit from the tree of knowledge, that fruit from the tree of knowledge, that fruit from the tree of knowledge, which would which would make us like which would which would make us like which would which would make us like God. And because we disobeyed God, God God. And because we disobeyed God, God God. And because we disobeyed God, God had no choice but to banish us from the had no choice but to banish us from the had no choice but to banish us from the Garden of Eden. Okay? And so why did Garden of Eden. Okay? And so why did Garden of Eden. Okay? And so why did Jesus have to come to earth and Jesus have to come to earth and Jesus have to come to earth and sacrifice himself? Because sacrifice himself? Because sacrifice himself? Because um without God, we humans can only um without God, we humans can only um without God, we humans can only commit more and more sin. So to redeem commit more and more sin. So to redeem commit more and more sin. So to redeem us and to beg for forgiveness from God, us and to beg for forgiveness from God, us and to beg for forgiveness from God, Jesus came down and sacrificed himself. Jesus came down and sacrificed himself. Jesus came down and sacrificed himself. Okay? And the sacrifice Okay? And the sacrifice Okay? And the sacrifice um made God relent and forgive us. um made God relent and forgive us. um made God relent and forgive us. And so now we are cleansed of our sins And so now we are cleansed of our sins And so now we are cleansed of our sins and now we can begin a new. Right? and now we can begin a new. Right? and now we can begin a new. Right? That's the idea that Paul is presenting. That's the idea that Paul is presenting. That's the idea that Paul is presenting. Why Jesus is the Messiah and why he had Why Jesus is the Messiah and why he had Why Jesus is the Messiah and why he had to kill to kill to kill himself. The problem though is as himself. The problem though is as himself. The problem though is as Christianity grows and grows, the Christianity grows and grows, the Christianity grows and grows, the divinity of Christ, the divinity of divinity of Christ, the divinity of divinity of Christ, the divinity of Jesus expands. Before he was just a Jesus expands. Before he was just a Jesus expands. Before he was just a human who was favored by God, then human who was favored by God, then human who was favored by God, then became a son of God. But by the time of became a son of God. But by the time of became a son of God. But by the time of a man named Totilian who lived about the a man named Totilian who lived about the a man named Totilian who lived about the second century, he argued for the holy second century, he argued for the holy second century, he argued for the holy trinity which is that God, Jesus and the trinity which is that God, Jesus and the trinity which is that God, Jesus and the Holy Spirit are separate but equal. Holy Spirit are separate but equal. Holy Spirit are separate but equal. Jesus is God. Okay. Now you have a Jesus is God. Okay. Now you have a Jesus is God. Okay. Now you have a problem. Now if Jesus is truly God then problem. Now if Jesus is truly God then problem. Now if Jesus is truly God then why did God have to kill himself? We can why did God have to kill himself? We can why did God have to kill himself? We can understand if Jesus is the son of God. understand if Jesus is the son of God. understand if Jesus is the son of God. Jesus kills himself to um beg for his Jesus kills himself to um beg for his Jesus kills himself to um beg for his father's forgiveness. That makes sense. father's forgiveness. That makes sense. father's forgiveness. That makes sense. All right. But if Jesus is God, then why All right. But if Jesus is God, then why All right. But if Jesus is God, then why did he have to kill himself? Okay, this did he have to kill himself? Okay, this did he have to kill himself? Okay, this this this is now causing a lot of this this is now causing a lot of this this is now causing a lot of confusion. So another Christian confusion. So another Christian confusion. So another Christian theologian by the name of origin um theologian by the name of origin um theologian by the name of origin um origin. Okay, so this is the trinity, origin. Okay, so this is the trinity, origin. Okay, so this is the trinity, right? By the name of origin, he his right? By the name of origin, he his right? By the name of origin, he his explanation is something called the explanation is something called the explanation is something called the ransom theory. All right. And the theory ransom theory. All right. And the theory ransom theory. All right. And the theory goes like this. goes like this. goes like this. When we were cast off from the garden of When we were cast off from the garden of When we were cast off from the garden of Eden, we became Eden, we became Eden, we became uh subject to Satan, the devil. We uh subject to Satan, the devil. We uh subject to Satan, the devil. We became slaves to the devil. Remember, it became slaves to the devil. Remember, it became slaves to the devil. Remember, it was it was Satan, the devil who tempted was it was Satan, the devil who tempted was it was Satan, the devil who tempted Eve to eat that food, right? And when Eve to eat that food, right? And when Eve to eat that food, right? And when she ate that food, she now swears she ate that food, she now swears she ate that food, she now swears allegiance to devil. We are now slaves allegiance to devil. We are now slaves allegiance to devil. We are now slaves to the devil. We are now his property. to the devil. We are now his property. to the devil. We are now his property. So the only way for God to redeem us is So the only way for God to redeem us is So the only way for God to redeem us is by ransoming ransoming us from Satan by by ransoming ransoming us from Satan by by ransoming ransoming us from Satan by offering something so valuable that offering something so valuable that offering something so valuable that Satan is willing to make a trade. Right? Satan is willing to make a trade. Right? Satan is willing to make a trade. Right? So what did God offer? God offered his So what did God offer? God offered his So what did God offer? God offered his life. The trick though is that God life. The trick though is that God life. The trick though is that God cannot be killed because God is eternal cannot be killed because God is eternal cannot be killed because God is eternal and perfect. So God tricked Satan. But and perfect. So God tricked Satan. But and perfect. So God tricked Satan. But what's really important to understand is what's really important to understand is what's really important to understand is this. Before we were slaves to Satan, this. Before we were slaves to Satan, this. Before we were slaves to Satan, but by because God made this trade, we but by because God made this trade, we but by because God made this trade, we are now slaves to God. Okay? We are now are now slaves to God. Okay? We are now are now slaves to God. Okay? We are now slaves to slaves to slaves to God. And this very idea will be expanded God. And this very idea will be expanded God. And this very idea will be expanded and elaborated by Augustine in order to and elaborated by Augustine in order to and elaborated by Augustine in order to create the industrial blueprint for the create the industrial blueprint for the create the industrial blueprint for the Catholic Church. All right, this idea of Catholic Church. All right, this idea of Catholic Church. All right, this idea of the ransom theory. All right. So the ransom theory. All right. So the ransom theory. All right. So remember the city of God um Augustine remember the city of God um Augustine remember the city of God um Augustine will say certain things and it's really will say certain things and it's really will say certain things and it's really important for us to remember what he important for us to remember what he important for us to remember what he said in the city of God. Okay. The main said in the city of God. Okay. The main said in the city of God. Okay. The main idea is that we because God ransomed us idea is that we because God ransomed us idea is that we because God ransomed us we are now his slaves and therefore we we are now his slaves and therefore we we are now his slaves and therefore we must obey him. We must submit. All must obey him. We must submit. All must obey him. We must submit. All right. So let's go over what he says. right. So let's go over what he says. right. So let's go over what he says. Augustine first thing he says is when Augustine first thing he says is when Augustine first thing he says is when man lives by the standard of man when we man lives by the standard of man when we man lives by the standard of man when we trust ourselves when we use our trust ourselves when we use our trust ourselves when we use our imagination when we use our imagination when we use our imagination when we use our intuition and not by the standard of intuition and not by the standard of intuition and not by the standard of God. The son of God is to submit to him God. The son of God is to submit to him God. The son of God is to submit to him to obey him. He is like the devil. Okay, to obey him. He is like the devil. Okay, to obey him. He is like the devil. Okay, you understand? When we when we use our you understand? When we when we use our you understand? When we when we use our imagination, when we use our intuition, imagination, when we use our intuition, imagination, when we use our intuition, we are like we are like we are like Satan at our core is the essence of Satan at our core is the essence of Satan at our core is the essence of Satan. It is only by submitting Satan. It is only by submitting Satan. It is only by submitting ourselves to God that we are freed from ourselves to God that we are freed from ourselves to God that we are freed from the influence of Satan. the influence of Satan. the influence of Satan. Okay? Could anything but pride happen Okay? Could anything but pride happen Okay? Could anything but pride happen the start of the evil will? Why did we the start of the evil will? Why did we the start of the evil will? Why did we disobey God? Why did we eat that fruit? disobey God? Why did we eat that fruit? disobey God? Why did we eat that fruit? Because we want to become God. So Because we want to become God. So Because we want to become God. So there's an arrogance. There's a there's there's an arrogance. There's a there's there's an arrogance. There's a there's a pride to us that is the essence of a pride to us that is the essence of a pride to us that is the essence of Satan. Okay? Satan fell from heaven Satan. Okay? Satan fell from heaven Satan. Okay? Satan fell from heaven because of his pride. We if if we just because of his pride. We if if we just because of his pride. We if if we just trust our nature, we will also fall like trust our nature, we will also fall like trust our nature, we will also fall like Satan. Satan. Satan. His was a venial transgression when he His was a venial transgression when he His was a venial transgression when he refused to desert his life's companion refused to desert his life's companion refused to desert his life's companion even though the refusal to entail even though the refusal to entail even though the refusal to entail companionship in sin. Eve was tempted by companionship in sin. Eve was tempted by companionship in sin. Eve was tempted by the the the devil. But devil. But devil. But Adam ate the fruit because of his love Adam ate the fruit because of his love Adam ate the fruit because of his love for Eve. Therefore, love can only for Eve. Therefore, love can only for Eve. Therefore, love can only misguide you. Love can only trick you. misguide you. Love can only trick you. misguide you. Love can only trick you. Love can only lead you to an evil path. Love can only lead you to an evil path. Love can only lead you to an evil path. Okay? Do not trust your intuition. Do Okay? Do not trust your intuition. Do Okay? Do not trust your intuition. Do not trust your imagination. But most not trust your imagination. But most not trust your imagination. But most importantly, do not trust your love of importantly, do not trust your love of importantly, do not trust your love of others, especially woman. others, especially woman. others, especially woman. Okay. The will derives its existence as Okay. The will derives its existence as Okay. The will derives its existence as a nature from its creation by God. It's a nature from its creation by God. It's a nature from its creation by God. It's falling away from its true being is due falling away from its true being is due falling away from its true being is due to its creation out of nothing. Okay. to its creation out of nothing. Okay. to its creation out of nothing. Okay. So, why are we like the why are we like So, why are we like the why are we like So, why are we like the why are we like um the devil? Why can't we trust um the devil? Why can't we trust um the devil? Why can't we trust ourselves? Because we were created out ourselves? Because we were created out ourselves? Because we were created out of dust. We were created out of nothing. of dust. We were created out of nothing. of dust. We were created out of nothing. All right? If we're an angel, we're All right? If we're an angel, we're All right? If we're an angel, we're created by God and therefore we are created by God and therefore we are created by God and therefore we are perfect. But because we're created out perfect. But because we're created out perfect. But because we're created out of of of dust, we are inherently flawed. Okay? dust, we are inherently flawed. Okay? dust, we are inherently flawed. Okay? So, we must not trust ourselves. We must So, we must not trust ourselves. We must So, we must not trust ourselves. We must refuse who we are. We must deny who we refuse who we are. We must deny who we refuse who we are. We must deny who we are and submit ourselves to the glory are and submit ourselves to the glory are and submit ourselves to the glory that is God. All that is God. All that is God. All right? We see the two cities were right? We see the two cities were right? We see the two cities were created by two kinds of love. The created by two kinds of love. The created by two kinds of love. The earthly city was created by self-love, earthly city was created by self-love, earthly city was created by self-love, reaching the point of contempt for God. reaching the point of contempt for God. reaching the point of contempt for God. When we love ourselves, we disobey God. When we love ourselves, we disobey God. When we love ourselves, we disobey God. And that's what explains the world we And that's what explains the world we And that's what explains the world we live in today. This world is evil live in today. This world is evil live in today. This world is evil because of our pride, because of our because of our pride, because of our because of our pride, because of our self-love, because of love for self-love, because of love for self-love, because of love for others. But the heavenly city by the others. But the heavenly city by the others. But the heavenly city by the love of God carried as far as contempt love of God carried as far as contempt love of God carried as far as contempt of self. When we deny who we of self. When we deny who we of self. When we deny who we are, when we submit fully to God, we can are, when we submit fully to God, we can are, when we submit fully to God, we can create a perfect world. We can achieve create a perfect world. We can achieve create a perfect world. We can achieve heaven. Okay. So again this is the very heaven. Okay. So again this is the very heaven. Okay. So again this is the very idea idea idea um for the Catholic church self-denial um for the Catholic church self-denial um for the Catholic church self-denial self negation. self negation. self negation. Okay now you can think about this and Okay now you can think about this and Okay now you can think about this and understand now why the Islamic world understand now why the Islamic world understand now why the Islamic world raced ahead of Europe because in Europe raced ahead of Europe because in Europe raced ahead of Europe because in Europe people were paralyzed. People were people were paralyzed. People were people were paralyzed. People were afraid to do anything because they afraid to do anything because they afraid to do anything because they couldn't really trust themselves. Okay. And but the eventually the Okay. And but the eventually the contrast between the Islamic world and contrast between the Islamic world and contrast between the Islamic world and the European Christian world was so the European Christian world was so the European Christian world was so great that even the Catholic Church had great that even the Catholic Church had great that even the Catholic Church had to admit there were problems with the to admit there were problems with the to admit there were problems with the theology of Augustine. Okay. If you ask theology of Augustine. Okay. If you ask theology of Augustine. Okay. If you ask people to deny who they are and to com people to deny who they are and to com people to deny who they are and to com submit themselves completely to the submit themselves completely to the submit themselves completely to the power of the church, it leads to power of the church, it leads to power of the church, it leads to corruption, stagnation and corruption, stagnation and corruption, stagnation and inequality. Okay. So there are some inequality. Okay. So there are some inequality. Okay. So there are some major reforms undertaken by the church major reforms undertaken by the church major reforms undertaken by the church in response to this. Uh one major reform in response to this. Uh one major reform in response to this. Uh one major reform are the creation of the university are the creation of the university are the creation of the university system. So this is the University of system. So this is the University of system. So this is the University of Paris which is chartered in 1200. This Paris which is chartered in 1200. This Paris which is chartered in 1200. This this today is called the Saborn. Okay. this today is called the Saborn. Okay. this today is called the Saborn. Okay. Which is the most famous um university Which is the most famous um university Which is the most famous um university in France and in Europe basically. in France and in Europe basically. in France and in Europe basically. Um one of the most famous professors of Um one of the most famous professors of Um one of the most famous professors of theology at the University of Paris is theology at the University of Paris is theology at the University of Paris is Thomas Aquinus. And the Thomas Aquinus, Thomas Aquinus. And the Thomas Aquinus, Thomas Aquinus. And the Thomas Aquinus, he's a saint in the Catholic Church. His he's a saint in the Catholic Church. His he's a saint in the Catholic Church. His importance is he's trying to revise importance is he's trying to revise importance is he's trying to revise Augustine for um a Europe in conflict Augustine for um a Europe in conflict Augustine for um a Europe in conflict with Islam. Okay. What what he's really with Islam. Okay. What what he's really with Islam. Okay. What what he's really trying to do is he's trying to take the trying to do is he's trying to take the trying to do is he's trying to take the pure Platonic world of Augustine and pure Platonic world of Augustine and pure Platonic world of Augustine and combine it with Aristotleian science and combine it with Aristotleian science and combine it with Aristotleian science and logic and reason. He's trying to combine logic and reason. He's trying to combine logic and reason. He's trying to combine faith and reason. Okay? And um so he's faith and reason. Okay? And um so he's faith and reason. Okay? And um so he's trying to update the Catholic Church, trying to update the Catholic Church, trying to update the Catholic Church, but ultimately he doesn't succeed. And but ultimately he doesn't succeed. And but ultimately he doesn't succeed. And the reason why is people don't really the reason why is people don't really the reason why is people don't really understand what he's trying to do. Also, understand what he's trying to do. Also, understand what he's trying to do. Also, Augustine has been in power for like Augustine has been in power for like Augustine has been in power for like centuries. And so he's really become centuries. And so he's really become centuries. And so he's really become part of the culture, the male of Europe. part of the culture, the male of Europe. part of the culture, the male of Europe. Okay? He's in the air, you breathe. Okay? He's in the air, you breathe. Okay? He's in the air, you breathe. That's the power of culture. That's the power of culture. That's the power of culture. The man who will ultimately free Europe The man who will ultimately free Europe The man who will ultimately free Europe from the grass of Augustine is actually from the grass of Augustine is actually from the grass of Augustine is actually Dante. And Dante will do so by for Dante. And Dante will do so by for Dante. And Dante will do so by for through his poetry. For his poetry, he's through his poetry. For his poetry, he's through his poetry. For his poetry, he's going to reimagine the human going to reimagine the human going to reimagine the human relationship with God. Okay. So in relationship with God. Okay. So in relationship with God. Okay. So in divine comedy, he will make certain divine comedy, he will make certain divine comedy, he will make certain assertions. The first major assertion is assertions. The first major assertion is assertions. The first major assertion is this. Okay guys, let's read together. this. Okay guys, let's read together. this. Okay guys, let's read together. The greatest gift to to the magnimity of The greatest gift to to the magnimity of The greatest gift to to the magnimity of God as he created gave the gift most God as he created gave the gift most God as he created gave the gift most suited to his goodness gift that he most suited to his goodness gift that he most suited to his goodness gift that he most prizes was the freedom of the will. prizes was the freedom of the will. prizes was the freedom of the will. Okay. So what this is saying is this Okay. So what this is saying is this Okay. So what this is saying is this when God created us to show his when God created us to show his when God created us to show his generosity to show that he's perfect to generosity to show that he's perfect to generosity to show that he's perfect to show his goodness he gave us the gift show his goodness he gave us the gift show his goodness he gave us the gift that only God can give us the gift that that only God can give us the gift that that only God can give us the gift that he most prizes which is the freedom from he most prizes which is the freedom from he most prizes which is the freedom from him. Right? You are of God but now you him. Right? You are of God but now you him. Right? You are of God but now you are free of God. You can do whatever you are free of God. You can do whatever you are free of God. You can do whatever you want. All right. So that's one of the want. All right. So that's one of the want. All right. So that's one of the central ideas of the divine comedy that central ideas of the divine comedy that central ideas of the divine comedy that what makes us fundamentally human is what makes us fundamentally human is what makes us fundamentally human is freedom of the will that we can choose freedom of the will that we can choose freedom of the will that we can choose the life we lead. Right? All right. So the life we lead. Right? All right. So the life we lead. Right? All right. So let's let's study the divine comedy. Uh let's let's study the divine comedy. Uh let's let's study the divine comedy. Uh this is this is going to be KTO 7 of this is this is going to be KTO 7 of this is this is going to be KTO 7 of paradise. And in this conto, Beatrice, paradise. And in this conto, Beatrice, paradise. And in this conto, Beatrice, remember they're both in heaven. remember they're both in heaven. remember they're both in heaven. Beatrice and Dante are engaged in a Beatrice and Dante are engaged in a Beatrice and Dante are engaged in a intellectual discussion. The question intellectual discussion. The question intellectual discussion. The question that they're trying to figure out is why that they're trying to figure out is why that they're trying to figure out is why did Jesus have to kill himself? Okay, did Jesus have to kill himself? Okay, did Jesus have to kill himself? Okay, remember before Paul suggested it was to remember before Paul suggested it was to remember before Paul suggested it was to redeem us from the original sin and then redeem us from the original sin and then redeem us from the original sin and then origin and then uh or um um origin origin and then uh or um um origin origin and then uh or um um origin suggested the idea of the ransom theory. suggested the idea of the ransom theory. suggested the idea of the ransom theory. Okay. Um God had to redeem us. ransom us Okay. Um God had to redeem us. ransom us Okay. Um God had to redeem us. ransom us from Satan. Now, what's it what what DA from Satan. Now, what's it what what DA from Satan. Now, what's it what what DA is going to do is he's gonna propose a is going to do is he's gonna propose a is going to do is he's gonna propose a new theory and this new theory is going new theory and this new theory is going new theory and this new theory is going to to to radically reimagine our relationship radically reimagine our relationship radically reimagine our relationship with God. Okay. So, so let's look at with God. Okay. So, so let's look at with God. Okay. So, so let's look at this very closely. You say, this is this very closely. You say, this is this very closely. You say, this is Beatress talking to Dante. What I've Beatress talking to Dante. What I've Beatress talking to Dante. What I've heard is clear to me, but this is hidden heard is clear to me, but this is hidden heard is clear to me, but this is hidden from me. Why God wield precisely this from me. Why God wield precisely this from me. Why God wield precisely this pathway for redemption? Okay. Okay. God pathway for redemption? Okay. Okay. God pathway for redemption? Okay. Okay. God wants to save us. But why did God have wants to save us. But why did God have wants to save us. But why did God have to kill to kill to kill himself? That's a question here. That himself? That's a question here. That himself? That's a question here. That makes no sense. Okay? If you're not if makes no sense. Okay? If you're not if makes no sense. Okay? If you're not if you're non-Christian, it's almost you're non-Christian, it's almost you're non-Christian, it's almost impossible to explain to someone else impossible to explain to someone else impossible to explain to someone else who is not a Christian why Jesus had to who is not a Christian why Jesus had to who is not a Christian why Jesus had to die. Right? It makes no die. Right? It makes no die. Right? It makes no sense. Brother, this ordinance is buried sense. Brother, this ordinance is buried sense. Brother, this ordinance is buried from the eyes of everyone whose from the eyes of everyone whose from the eyes of everyone whose intellect has not matured within the intellect has not matured within the intellect has not matured within the flame of love. Okay? This and Petus is flame of love. Okay? This and Petus is flame of love. Okay? This and Petus is making this argument which is like you making this argument which is like you making this argument which is like you can only understand this if you truly can only understand this if you truly can only understand this if you truly love someone. It's only through love love someone. It's only through love love someone. It's only through love that you can acquire wisdom. You can that you can acquire wisdom. You can that you can acquire wisdom. You can acquire empathy and acquire empathy and acquire empathy and imagination. imagination. imagination. Right? The godly goodness that has Right? The godly goodness that has Right? The godly goodness that has banished every envy from its own self banished every envy from its own self banished every envy from its own self burns in itself and sparkling so it burns in itself and sparkling so it burns in itself and sparkling so it shows eternal beauties. Remember last shows eternal beauties. Remember last shows eternal beauties. Remember last semester we discussed the nature of God. semester we discussed the nature of God. semester we discussed the nature of God. God is love itself. There can be no God is love itself. There can be no God is love itself. There can be no hate. There can be no envy. There can be hate. There can be no envy. There can be hate. There can be no envy. There can be no blemishes within the nature of God. no blemishes within the nature of God. no blemishes within the nature of God. Okay? All that derives directly from Okay? All that derives directly from Okay? All that derives directly from this goodness is everlasting. Since the this goodness is everlasting. Since the this goodness is everlasting. Since the seal of goodness impresses an imprint seal of goodness impresses an imprint seal of goodness impresses an imprint that never alters. So God when God that never alters. So God when God that never alters. So God when God creates, what he creates is also perfect. Only man's sin man's liberty perfect. Only man's sin man's liberty makes him unlike the highest good. So makes him unlike the highest good. So makes him unlike the highest good. So that in him the brightness of his light that in him the brightness of his light that in him the brightness of his light is dimmed. Okay. So God is in us. God is is dimmed. Okay. So God is in us. God is is dimmed. Okay. So God is in us. God is the light that burns in us and allows us the light that burns in us and allows us the light that burns in us and allows us to love others. When we love to love others. When we love to love others. When we love others, the bright the brightness burns others, the bright the brightness burns others, the bright the brightness burns brighter. The light burns brighter. brighter. The light burns brighter. brighter. The light burns brighter. Okay, that's how we celebrate God by Okay, that's how we celebrate God by Okay, that's how we celebrate God by loving loving loving others. We also have the freedom of the others. We also have the freedom of the others. We also have the freedom of the will. Okay, so these are the two things will. Okay, so these are the two things will. Okay, so these are the two things that God has given us. freedom to that God has given us. freedom to that God has given us. freedom to choose, freedom, freedom to lead the choose, freedom, freedom to lead the choose, freedom, freedom to lead the lives we want to to to live and as well lives we want to to to live and as well lives we want to to to live and as well as the power to love and to imagine. But as the power to love and to imagine. But as the power to love and to imagine. But these things come in conflict when we these things come in conflict when we these things come in conflict when we choose to do bad. When we choose to choose to do bad. When we choose to choose to do bad. When we choose to disobey, when we choose to commit sin, disobey, when we choose to commit sin, disobey, when we choose to commit sin, we are turning away from God and we are turning away from God and we are turning away from God and therefore dampening the brightness in therefore dampening the brightness in therefore dampening the brightness in us. Okay? We are purposely stuffing out us. Okay? We are purposely stuffing out us. Okay? We are purposely stuffing out the flame in us. the flame in us. the flame in us. And man cannot regain his dignity unless And man cannot regain his dignity unless And man cannot regain his dignity unless where sin left emptiness man fills that where sin left emptiness man fills that where sin left emptiness man fills that void with just amends for evil pleasure. void with just amends for evil pleasure. void with just amends for evil pleasure. Okay. So when you commit sin you must Okay. So when you commit sin you must Okay. So when you commit sin you must make amends. You must force yourself. make amends. You must force yourself. make amends. You must force yourself. You must choose to go on the proper path You must choose to go on the proper path You must choose to go on the proper path and make amends. But for when your nature sins so amends. But for when your nature sins so totally within its seed then from these totally within its seed then from these totally within its seed then from these dignities just as from paradise that dignities just as from paradise that dignities just as from paradise that nature parted. Okay. Sometimes you could nature parted. Okay. Sometimes you could nature parted. Okay. Sometimes you could commit a sin that's so terrible the commit a sin that's so terrible the commit a sin that's so terrible the light leaves light leaves light leaves you. And that's when we disobeyed God in you. And that's when we disobeyed God in you. And that's when we disobeyed God in the Garden of Eden. That sin, the the Garden of Eden. That sin, the the Garden of Eden. That sin, the original sin was so terrible that Adam original sin was so terrible that Adam original sin was so terrible that Adam doomed all his progeny to doomed all his progeny to doomed all his progeny to darkness. Okay? And they could never be darkness. Okay? And they could never be darkness. Okay? And they could never be regained if you consider carefully by regained if you consider carefully by regained if you consider carefully by any way that did not pass across one of any way that did not pass across one of any way that did not pass across one of these two fords. Okay? So how do we these two fords. Okay? So how do we these two fords. Okay? So how do we forgive? How do we ask for for forgive? How do we ask for for forgive? How do we ask for for forgiveness? Okay, there are two forgiveness? Okay, there are two forgiveness? Okay, there are two possibilities. Either through nothing possibilities. Either through nothing possibilities. Either through nothing other than his mercy, God had to pardon other than his mercy, God had to pardon other than his mercy, God had to pardon man or of himself, man had to offer man or of himself, man had to offer man or of himself, man had to offer payment for his father. Okay? So there payment for his father. Okay? So there payment for his father. Okay? So there are two ways for us to get that light are two ways for us to get that light are two ways for us to get that light back in us to redeem ourselves in the back in us to redeem ourselves in the back in us to redeem ourselves in the eyes of God. The first way is if God eyes of God. The first way is if God eyes of God. The first way is if God just forgives us. If God says, "I'm just forgives us. If God says, "I'm just forgives us. If God says, "I'm total I'm perfect. I'm total total I'm perfect. I'm total total I'm perfect. I'm total perfectness. I forgive you because perfectness. I forgive you because perfectness. I forgive you because that's what I do. I forgive you to show that's what I do. I forgive you to show that's what I do. I forgive you to show mercy. That's one mercy. That's one mercy. That's one possibility. But when he does that, the possibility. But when he does that, the possibility. But when he does that, the problem is we've learned nothing. We problem is we've learned nothing. We problem is we've learned nothing. We haven't grown. Okay. Another possibility haven't grown. Okay. Another possibility haven't grown. Okay. Another possibility is if we figure out a way to redeem is if we figure out a way to redeem is if we figure out a way to redeem ourselves, if we make amends, if we give ourselves, if we make amends, if we give ourselves, if we make amends, if we give God all the gold in the world, okay? But God all the gold in the world, okay? But God all the gold in the world, okay? But because our crime was so great, because because our crime was so great, because because our crime was so great, because we denied the love of God, nothing we we denied the love of God, nothing we we denied the love of God, nothing we do, nothing, there's nothing we could do, nothing, there's nothing we could do, nothing, there's nothing we could give God that would redeem us from our give God that would redeem us from our give God that would redeem us from our sin. Okay, that's a conflict here. sin. Okay, that's a conflict here. sin. Okay, that's a conflict here. That's a paradox. God cannot forgive us That's a paradox. God cannot forgive us That's a paradox. God cannot forgive us because if he did so, we would not grow because if he did so, we would not grow because if he did so, we would not grow and and and learn. And there's nothing we can do to learn. And there's nothing we can do to learn. And there's nothing we can do to uh redeem ourselves in the eyes of God uh redeem ourselves in the eyes of God uh redeem ourselves in the eyes of God because our crime was so great. So because our crime was so great. So because our crime was so great. So that's the paradox. that's the paradox. that's the paradox. man his limits could not recompensate man his limits could not recompensate man his limits could not recompensate for no obedience, no humility he offered for no obedience, no humility he offered for no obedience, no humility he offered later could have been so deep that it later could have been so deep that it later could have been so deep that it could match the heights he meant to could match the heights he meant to could match the heights he meant to reach through disobedience. Men lack the reach through disobedience. Men lack the reach through disobedience. Men lack the power to offer satisfaction by himself. power to offer satisfaction by himself. power to offer satisfaction by himself. We want to kill God. That was the We want to kill God. That was the We want to kill God. That was the original sin. We wanted to eat that original sin. We wanted to eat that original sin. We wanted to eat that fruit, become God, and then kill God and fruit, become God, and then kill God and fruit, become God, and then kill God and become God itself. That's the greatest become God itself. That's the greatest become God itself. That's the greatest crime. So, how can you redeem yourself? crime. So, how can you redeem yourself? crime. So, how can you redeem yourself? How can you ask for forgiveness if the How can you ask for forgiveness if the How can you ask for forgiveness if the crime is to kill God? crime is to kill God? crime is to kill God? Right? For God showed greater generosity Right? For God showed greater generosity Right? For God showed greater generosity in giving his own self that men might be in giving his own self that men might be in giving his own self that men might be able to rise than if he simply pardoned. able to rise than if he simply pardoned. able to rise than if he simply pardoned. Okay? So for thousands of years, God had Okay? So for thousands of years, God had Okay? So for thousands of years, God had to think of a way to redeem us, to to think of a way to redeem us, to to think of a way to redeem us, to forgive us, but at the same time ensure forgive us, but at the same time ensure forgive us, but at the same time ensure we would not do anything like this ever we would not do anything like this ever we would not do anything like this ever again. Okay? And the path he chose was again. Okay? And the path he chose was again. Okay? And the path he chose was to sacrifice itself. For every other means fell short itself. For every other means fell short of justice except the way whereby the of justice except the way whereby the of justice except the way whereby the son of God humbled himself when he son of God humbled himself when he son of God humbled himself when he became incarnate. Okay. So I'm going to became incarnate. Okay. So I'm going to became incarnate. Okay. So I'm going to use a metaphor to explain this idea. It use a metaphor to explain this idea. It use a metaphor to explain this idea. It it's a very it's not a great metaphor, it's a very it's not a great metaphor, it's a very it's not a great metaphor, but I think this will illustrate what but I think this will illustrate what but I think this will illustrate what Beatric is saying here about God. Let's Beatric is saying here about God. Let's Beatric is saying here about God. Let's just have a daughter named Eve. I have a just have a daughter named Eve. I have a just have a daughter named Eve. I have a f favorite dog named Johnny. I love f favorite dog named Johnny. I love f favorite dog named Johnny. I love Johnny and I love Eve. I love both. Johnny and I love Eve. I love both. Johnny and I love Eve. I love both. Okay. And I say to Eve, "Johnny is my Okay. And I say to Eve, "Johnny is my Okay. And I say to Eve, "Johnny is my favorite favorite favorite um dog. You're my favorite favorite um dog. You're my favorite favorite um dog. You're my favorite favorite daughter. I love you both." Eve, because daughter. I love you both." Eve, because daughter. I love you both." Eve, because she's young and she's stupid, she she's young and she's stupid, she she's young and she's stupid, she decides, I only want my father to love decides, I only want my father to love decides, I only want my father to love me. So Eve purposefully kills my dog, me. So Eve purposefully kills my dog, me. So Eve purposefully kills my dog, Johnny. All right. Now, what do I do? Johnny. All right. Now, what do I do? Johnny. All right. Now, what do I do? I'm Eve's father. If I just say, "Eve, I'm Eve's father. If I just say, "Eve, I'm Eve's father. If I just say, "Eve, don't worry about it. You're young. It don't worry about it. You're young. It don't worry about it. You're young. It was a mistake." Eve is probably going to was a mistake." Eve is probably going to was a mistake." Eve is probably going to go hurt someone else, right? I have to go hurt someone else, right? I have to go hurt someone else, right? I have to teach her a lesson. teach her a lesson. teach her a lesson. But if I hit her or I punish her, But if I hit her or I punish her, But if I hit her or I punish her, then that might suggest to Eve I don't then that might suggest to Eve I don't then that might suggest to Eve I don't really love her. It doesn't make sense. really love her. It doesn't make sense. really love her. It doesn't make sense. That's a paradox here. That's that's a That's a paradox here. That's that's a That's a paradox here. That's that's a conflict. And so what I choose to do conflict. And so what I choose to do conflict. And so what I choose to do after many weeks of intense thinking is after many weeks of intense thinking is after many weeks of intense thinking is I choose to punish myself on behalf of I choose to punish myself on behalf of I choose to punish myself on behalf of Eve. Okay? I take a bat and I hit myself Eve. Okay? I take a bat and I hit myself Eve. Okay? I take a bat and I hit myself or I take a whip and I hit myself and my or I take a whip and I hit myself and my or I take a whip and I hit myself and my hand is bleeding and Eve watches hand is bleeding and Eve watches hand is bleeding and Eve watches this and you can see that when Eve sees this and you can see that when Eve sees this and you can see that when Eve sees this, she has to cry. She has to cry and this, she has to cry. She has to cry and this, she has to cry. She has to cry and feel remorse for what she uh did and she feel remorse for what she uh did and she feel remorse for what she uh did and she also cries because she knows I truly also cries because she knows I truly also cries because she knows I truly love her. Okay, so that's what Peter is love her. Okay, so that's what Peter is love her. Okay, so that's what Peter is saying here. God loves us so much that saying here. God loves us so much that saying here. God loves us so much that he's willing to do everything in order he's willing to do everything in order he's willing to do everything in order to teach us to be better human beings. to teach us to be better human beings. to teach us to be better human beings. Okay. That's the power of Okay. That's the power of Okay. That's the power of God. All God. All God. All right. All right. So, the conversation right. All right. So, the conversation right. All right. So, the conversation continues and this story makes sense, continues and this story makes sense, continues and this story makes sense, but it's also going to create a lot of but it's also going to create a lot of but it's also going to create a lot of problems. Okay. One major problem is if problems. Okay. One major problem is if problems. Okay. One major problem is if God created God created God created us and God loves us and God loves us and God loves us, why are we making mistakes? Why are us, why are we making mistakes? Why are us, why are we making mistakes? Why are we dying? Why are we in pain? Okay. And we dying? Why are we in pain? Okay. And we dying? Why are we in pain? Okay. And this is what Peter says. You say, I see this is what Peter says. You say, I see this is what Peter says. You say, I see that water, see that fire and air and that water, see that fire and air and that water, see that fire and air and earth and all that they compose come to earth and all that they compose come to earth and all that they compose come to corruption and endure so briefly. Okay. corruption and endure so briefly. Okay. corruption and endure so briefly. Okay. So in this world, there is death, So in this world, there is death, So in this world, there is death, there's dying, there's pain, there's there's dying, there's pain, there's there's dying, there's pain, there's suffering. Why is that? And yet these suffering. Why is that? And yet these suffering. Why is that? And yet these two were things created. If what has two were things created. If what has two were things created. If what has been said above is true, then these been said above is true, then these been said above is true, then these things never should be subject to things never should be subject to things never should be subject to corruption. If whatever if whatever God corruption. If whatever if whatever God corruption. If whatever if whatever God creates is perfect, then things creates is perfect, then things creates is perfect, then things shouldn't die. Right, shouldn't die. Right, shouldn't die. Right, brother? The angels in the pure country brother? The angels in the pure country brother? The angels in the pure country where you are now, these may be said to where you are now, these may be said to where you are now, these may be said to be created as they are in all their be created as they are in all their be created as they are in all their being. Okay? Yes, it is true that God being. Okay? Yes, it is true that God being. Okay? Yes, it is true that God created everything in this world. But created everything in this world. But created everything in this world. But there's a problem. There's a difference. there's a problem. There's a difference. there's a problem. There's a difference. Whereas the elements that you have Whereas the elements that you have Whereas the elements that you have mentioned as well as those things that mentioned as well as those things that mentioned as well as those things that are made from them received their form are made from them received their form are made from them received their form from accredited from accredited from accredited power, the matter they contained had power, the matter they contained had power, the matter they contained had been created. Just as within the stars been created. Just as within the stars been created. Just as within the stars that wheel around them, the power to that wheel around them, the power to that wheel around them, the power to give form had been created. The rays and give form had been created. The rays and give form had been created. The rays and motion of the holy light draw forth the motion of the holy light draw forth the motion of the holy light draw forth the soul of every animal and plant from soul of every animal and plant from soul of every animal and plant from matter able to take form. Okay. So what matter able to take form. Okay. So what matter able to take form. Okay. So what this is saying is this. God did not this is saying is this. God did not this is saying is this. God did not create animals and plants. God created create animals and plants. God created create animals and plants. God created the laws of the universe. He c the atoms the laws of the universe. He c the atoms the laws of the universe. He c the atoms the essence that would give rise to the essence that would give rise to the essence that would give rise to animals and animals and animals and plants. And so they're not perfect. plants. And so they're not perfect. plants. And so they're not perfect. Okay. The laws are perfect. The holy Okay. The laws are perfect. The holy Okay. The laws are perfect. The holy light is perfect but not the creation light is perfect but not the creation light is perfect but not the creation from the holy light. And this creation from the holy light. And this creation from the holy light. And this creation was meant to die so that new creations was meant to die so that new creations was meant to die so that new creations can come out. Okay? Right? When a animal can come out. Okay? Right? When a animal can come out. Okay? Right? When a animal uh dies, the atoms break away and then a uh dies, the atoms break away and then a uh dies, the atoms break away and then a new form comes into being. Okay? That's new form comes into being. Okay? That's new form comes into being. Okay? That's the law of the universe. So that's the law of the universe. So that's the law of the universe. So that's perfect, but not the animals and plants perfect, but not the animals and plants perfect, but not the animals and plants are perfect. But your life is breathed forth But your life is breathed forth immediately by the chief good who so immediately by the chief good who so immediately by the chief good who so ammers it of his own self that it ammers it of his own self that it ammers it of his own self that it desires him always. Okay. So now the desires him always. Okay. So now the desires him always. Okay. So now the question then is if animals and plants question then is if animals and plants question then is if animals and plants aren't aren't aren't perfect what are humans then perfect what are humans then perfect what are humans then right? right? right? So okay and this is what she says. So So okay and this is what she says. So So okay and this is what she says. So reasoning you can also can deduce your reasoning you can also can deduce your reasoning you can also can deduce your resurrection you need but remember the resurrection you need but remember the resurrection you need but remember the way in which your human flesh was way in which your human flesh was way in which your human flesh was fashioned when both of the first parents fashioned when both of the first parents fashioned when both of the first parents were created. Okay so this is the trick were created. Okay so this is the trick were created. Okay so this is the trick you have to remember you have to remember you have to remember this animals and plants are created from this animals and plants are created from this animals and plants are created from the laws of the universe which God the laws of the universe which God the laws of the universe which God created. Angels are created by God uh created. Angels are created by God uh created. Angels are created by God uh himself and therefore the angels are himself and therefore the angels are himself and therefore the angels are perfect. We humans have a dual nature. perfect. We humans have a dual nature. perfect. We humans have a dual nature. We are both created from the laws of the We are both created from the laws of the We are both created from the laws of the universe and we are both created by God universe and we are both created by God universe and we are both created by God itself. All right? Because when God itself. All right? Because when God itself. All right? Because when God created Adam, God created him from out created Adam, God created him from out created Adam, God created him from out of dust. Okay? But then what God did was of dust. Okay? But then what God did was of dust. Okay? But then what God did was breathe life into him. breathe life into him. breathe life into him. So the essence of God is within Adam and So the essence of God is within Adam and So the essence of God is within Adam and therefore therefore therefore us. Our bodies are mortal but our souls us. Our bodies are mortal but our souls us. Our bodies are mortal but our souls are immortal. Our souls have the essence are immortal. Our souls have the essence are immortal. Our souls have the essence of God which is love. The more we love, of God which is love. The more we love, of God which is love. The more we love, the more the light burns in us. And as the more the light burns in us. And as the more the light burns in us. And as light burns in us, it will allow for our light burns in us, it will allow for our light burns in us, it will allow for our resurrection. Okay? resurrection. Okay? resurrection. Okay? because the matter will regenerate. The because the matter will regenerate. The because the matter will regenerate. The soul is eternal. Okay. So that's what soul is eternal. Okay. So that's what soul is eternal. Okay. So that's what Dante is saying here. The best way to Dante is saying here. The best way to Dante is saying here. The best way to celebrate God is by loving others. When celebrate God is by loving others. When celebrate God is by loving others. When you love you love you love others, you are activating your others, you are activating your others, you are activating your imagination. You are learning wisdom. imagination. You are learning wisdom. imagination. You are learning wisdom. You are gaining experience and that will You are gaining experience and that will You are gaining experience and that will only cause the light to grow. Okay. So only cause the light to grow. Okay. So only cause the light to grow. Okay. So even though going back to the story of even though going back to the story of even though going back to the story of Eve and my dog, even though I'm hurting Eve and my dog, even though I'm hurting Eve and my dog, even though I'm hurting myself, myself, myself, okay, I am using my tremendous okay, I am using my tremendous okay, I am using my tremendous imagination in order to come up with imagination in order to come up with imagination in order to come up with this plan in order to redeem my this plan in order to redeem my this plan in order to redeem my daughter. And because of this daughter. And because of this daughter. And because of this imagination, I'm developing wisdom and imagination, I'm developing wisdom and imagination, I'm developing wisdom and this light in me grows this light in me grows this light in me grows stronger. Right? So that's the purpose stronger. Right? So that's the purpose stronger. Right? So that's the purpose of life. The purpose of life is to of life. The purpose of life is to of life. The purpose of life is to celebrate God by celebrating God in you. celebrate God by celebrating God in you. celebrate God by celebrating God in you. By loving someone else so wholeheartedly By loving someone else so wholeheartedly By loving someone else so wholeheartedly that your imagination, your wisdom grows that your imagination, your wisdom grows that your imagination, your wisdom grows and grows so that your soul becomes and grows so that your soul becomes and grows so that your soul becomes eternal. When it becomes eternal, it eternal. When it becomes eternal, it eternal. When it becomes eternal, it will always be resurrected in the world will always be resurrected in the world will always be resurrected in the world and your soul will remember the love and your soul will remember the love and your soul will remember the love inside you and it will continue to grow inside you and it will continue to grow inside you and it will continue to grow and grow. Okay, this is why God created and grow. Okay, this is why God created and grow. Okay, this is why God created us because if God if you are perfect, us because if God if you are perfect, us because if God if you are perfect, okay, if you are perfect, you are okay, if you are perfect, you are okay, if you are perfect, you are incapable of imagination by definition, incapable of imagination by definition, incapable of imagination by definition, right? Because you can make you can make right? Because you can make you can make right? Because you can make you can make no mistakes because we are we are the no mistakes because we are we are the no mistakes because we are we are the dual nature. We are both body and soul. dual nature. We are both body and soul. dual nature. We are both body and soul. We can make mistakes. We can ear. And in We can make mistakes. We can ear. And in We can make mistakes. We can ear. And in this process, we develop we develop this process, we develop we develop this process, we develop we develop experience and wisdom which allows us to experience and wisdom which allows us to experience and wisdom which allows us to love and to have imagination and to have love and to have imagination and to have love and to have imagination and to have wisdom. Right? wisdom. Right? wisdom. Right? All right. So, let me use an everyday All right. So, let me use an everyday All right. So, let me use an everyday example that you've experienced in order example that you've experienced in order example that you've experienced in order to illustrate this point. Let's think of to illustrate this point. Let's think of to illustrate this point. Let's think of think about two teachers. A teacher who think about two teachers. A teacher who think about two teachers. A teacher who loves his or her students and a teacher loves his or her students and a teacher loves his or her students and a teacher who does not love his or her students. who does not love his or her students. who does not love his or her students. Okay, what's the difference? All right, Okay, what's the difference? All right, Okay, what's the difference? All right, so there are three major differences. so there are three major differences. so there are three major differences. The teacher who loves students or is The teacher who loves students or is The teacher who loves students or is asking himself or herself, are my asking himself or herself, are my asking himself or herself, are my students learning in my class? Are they students learning in my class? Are they students learning in my class? Are they growing as people? Whereas another growing as people? Whereas another growing as people? Whereas another teacher might be like, "Are my students teacher might be like, "Are my students teacher might be like, "Are my students getting good grades?" All he or she getting good grades?" All he or she getting good grades?" All he or she cares about are test scores. Right? cares about are test scores. Right? cares about are test scores. Right? That's the first major difference. The That's the first major difference. The That's the first major difference. The first teacher who loves you cares about first teacher who loves you cares about first teacher who loves you cares about what what is happening inside what what is happening inside what what is happening inside you. What the teacher who doesn't love you. What the teacher who doesn't love you. What the teacher who doesn't love you only cares about pleasing parents. you only cares about pleasing parents. you only cares about pleasing parents. Okay. Second difference is this. The Okay. Second difference is this. The Okay. Second difference is this. The teacher who loves you are asking are my teacher who loves you are asking are my teacher who loves you are asking are my students working hard? Okay. because students working hard? Okay. because students working hard? Okay. because only by working hard can you only by working hard can you only by working hard can you learn. The second teacher is asking learn. The second teacher is asking learn. The second teacher is asking students do students like me? Okay. The students do students like me? Okay. The students do students like me? Okay. The teacher wants you to write a good good teacher wants you to write a good good teacher wants you to write a good good evaluation at the end of semester. Okay. evaluation at the end of semester. Okay. evaluation at the end of semester. Okay. Right. And then if you write a good uh Right. And then if you write a good uh Right. And then if you write a good uh evaluation the teacher might get a raise evaluation the teacher might get a raise evaluation the teacher might get a raise or some reward. Right? And then the last or some reward. Right? And then the last or some reward. Right? And then the last difference and this is the most difference and this is the most difference and this is the most important difference is this. A good important difference is this. A good important difference is this. A good teacher who loves you is always asking teacher who loves you is always asking teacher who loves you is always asking am I growing personally and am I growing personally and am I growing personally and professionally? Am I growing as a professionally? Am I growing as a professionally? Am I growing as a person? All right? Because if you're person? All right? Because if you're person? All right? Because if you're growing, then I'm growing. And if I'm growing, then I'm growing. And if I'm growing, then I'm growing. And if I'm growing, then you're growing. That's the growing, then you're growing. That's the growing, then you're growing. That's the power of love. Okay? When you love power of love. Okay? When you love power of love. Okay? When you love others, you're actually loving others, you're actually loving others, you're actually loving yourself. And that's how God designed yourself. And that's how God designed yourself. And that's how God designed it. But if you're a teacher who does not it. But if you're a teacher who does not it. But if you're a teacher who does not love, then you always asking how much love, then you always asking how much love, then you always asking how much money am I making? That's how you money am I making? That's how you money am I making? That's how you measure your success in life. Am I measure your success in life. Am I measure your success in life. Am I making a lot of money? If if I'm making making a lot of money? If if I'm making making a lot of money? If if I'm making millions of dollars a year, then that millions of dollars a year, then that millions of dollars a year, then that means I'm the I'm the best teacher in means I'm the I'm the best teacher in means I'm the I'm the best teacher in China. Okay? But a really good teacher China. Okay? But a really good teacher China. Okay? But a really good teacher who's capable of love, who loves who's capable of love, who loves who's capable of love, who loves teaching and who loves his or her teaching and who loves his or her teaching and who loves his or her students is always asking, "Am I students is always asking, "Am I students is always asking, "Am I growing?" Because if I'm growing, then I growing?" Because if I'm growing, then I growing?" Because if I'm growing, then I know my students are know my students are know my students are growing. growing. growing. Okay. So that's so that's what Dante is Okay. So that's so that's what Dante is Okay. So that's so that's what Dante is saying here about saying here about saying here about love. Meaning that we have the love. Meaning that we have the love. Meaning that we have the intuition, we have the power to know intuition, we have the power to know intuition, we have the power to know true for ourselves because God made us true for ourselves because God made us true for ourselves because God made us made us this way. Okay. So, um, something I want you to Okay. So, um, something I want you to remember from this class is the Italian remember from this class is the Italian remember from this class is the Italian Renaissance was really just another it's Renaissance was really just another it's Renaissance was really just another it's it's reimagining the Greek civilization. it's reimagining the Greek civilization. it's reimagining the Greek civilization. Okay. And as and these are the two major Okay. And as and these are the two major Okay. And as and these are the two major periods of tremendous creativity in periods of tremendous creativity in periods of tremendous creativity in Western Europe. Right? So let's look at Western Europe. Right? So let's look at Western Europe. Right? So let's look at the similarities to understand how the similarities to understand how the similarities to understand how creativity happens in civilization. creativity happens in civilization. creativity happens in civilization. Okay. So the first similarity is Okay. So the first similarity is Okay. So the first similarity is um classical Greece had open cooperative um classical Greece had open cooperative um classical Greece had open cooperative competition. Okay. So ideas could flow competition. Okay. So ideas could flow competition. Okay. So ideas could flow freely. That's the first major freely. That's the first major freely. That's the first major similarity. Second major similarity similarity. Second major similarity similarity. Second major similarity is in classical Greece they transition is in classical Greece they transition is in classical Greece they transition from linear B which is very complicated from linear B which is very complicated from linear B which is very complicated um idographic language to the alphabet. um idographic language to the alphabet. um idographic language to the alphabet. Okay. The alphabet just transcribes the Okay. The alphabet just transcribes the Okay. The alphabet just transcribes the written the spoken word into the written written the spoken word into the written written the spoken word into the written word. This allows for massive literacy word. This allows for massive literacy word. This allows for massive literacy and the transfusion of knowledge in and the transfusion of knowledge in and the transfusion of knowledge in Greece. And the idea here is if you're Greece. And the idea here is if you're Greece. And the idea here is if you're truly to be a creative society, you must truly to be a creative society, you must truly to be a creative society, you must be egalitarian. You must allow anyone to be egalitarian. You must allow anyone to be egalitarian. You must allow anyone to learn, everyone to express his or her um learn, everyone to express his or her um learn, everyone to express his or her um ideas, which is what the Renaissance ideas, which is what the Renaissance ideas, which is what the Renaissance did. Okay. Um the Italian Renaissance did. Okay. Um the Italian Renaissance did. Okay. Um the Italian Renaissance was supported by the fact that they was supported by the fact that they was supported by the fact that they transitioned from Latin to the transitioned from Latin to the transitioned from Latin to the vernacular to spoken language. It was vernacular to spoken language. It was vernacular to spoken language. It was Dante who allowed this transition to Dante who allowed this transition to Dante who allowed this transition to happen. Okay. Dante purposefully chose happen. Okay. Dante purposefully chose happen. Okay. Dante purposefully chose not to write in Latin even though Latin not to write in Latin even though Latin not to write in Latin even though Latin was the official language of the was the official language of the was the official language of the intellectual class in Europe at this intellectual class in Europe at this intellectual class in Europe at this time. He purposely chose to write in time. He purposely chose to write in time. He purposely chose to write in Tuskin which is a local language. And Tuskin which is a local language. And Tuskin which is a local language. And because he did that he made Tuskin first because he did that he made Tuskin first because he did that he made Tuskin first of all the official language of Italy. of all the official language of Italy. of all the official language of Italy. They still speak it today. But it also They still speak it today. But it also They still speak it today. But it also makes divine comedy accessible to common makes divine comedy accessible to common makes divine comedy accessible to common people which was the intention. people which was the intention. people which was the intention. Okay. And the third similarity and this Okay. And the third similarity and this Okay. And the third similarity and this is most important is the perfect storm is most important is the perfect storm is most important is the perfect storm of factors don't really of factors don't really of factors don't really matter unless you have a great poet, a matter unless you have a great poet, a matter unless you have a great poet, a great thinker, a great intellectual to great thinker, a great intellectual to great thinker, a great intellectual to create the spark to ignite your create the spark to ignite your create the spark to ignite your civilization. Okay. So in Greece they civilization. Okay. So in Greece they civilization. Okay. So in Greece they had Homer and we we today we can think had Homer and we we today we can think had Homer and we we today we can think of Homer as the father of of Homer as the father of of Homer as the father of civilization. In in the Italian civilization. In in the Italian civilization. In in the Italian Renaissance you had Dante. You can think Renaissance you had Dante. You can think Renaissance you had Dante. You can think of him as the father of modernity. The of him as the father of modernity. The of him as the father of modernity. The values that he creates, the values that values that he creates, the values that values that he creates, the values that he expresses in divine comedy will he expresses in divine comedy will he expresses in divine comedy will become the basis for modernity. become the basis for modernity. become the basis for modernity. Especially the idea of individuality of Especially the idea of individuality of Especially the idea of individuality of humanism. humanism. humanism. Right? What is individual? An individual Right? What is individual? An individual Right? What is individual? An individual is someone who celebrates himself and is someone who celebrates himself and is someone who celebrates himself and pursues his or her curiosity to explore pursues his or her curiosity to explore pursues his or her curiosity to explore the world and in this process create the world and in this process create the world and in this process create goodness in the world to create truth goodness in the world to create truth goodness in the world to create truth and beauty. This is the idea that will and beauty. This is the idea that will and beauty. This is the idea that will underpin the renaissance and which still underpin the renaissance and which still underpin the renaissance and which still underpins western modernity uh today. underpins western modernity uh today. underpins western modernity uh today. Okay. So that is my argument to you. Okay. So that is my argument to you. Okay. So that is my argument to you. Okay. Great. Okay. Great. Okay. Great. So um the ultimate message, the ultimate So um the ultimate message, the ultimate So um the ultimate message, the ultimate secret of the universe that I want you secret of the universe that I want you secret of the universe that I want you to remember, okay? And both Homer and to remember, okay? And both Homer and to remember, okay? And both Homer and Dante express this in the poetry is Dante express this in the poetry is Dante express this in the poetry is this. Love is the unifying force of the this. Love is the unifying force of the this. Love is the unifying force of the universe. Okay? Love is God. God is universe. Okay? Love is God. God is universe. Okay? Love is God. God is love. It's what unites everyone. Okay? love. It's what unites everyone. Okay? love. It's what unites everyone. Okay? By loving someone else, you can become By loving someone else, you can become By loving someone else, you can become that person. That that person can become that person. That that person can become that person. That that person can become you. And the imagination is the you. And the imagination is the you. And the imagination is the animating force. Okay. What gives life animating force. Okay. What gives life animating force. Okay. What gives life to the world is not God but our to the world is not God but our to the world is not God but our imagination. By imagining the world, the imagination. By imagining the world, the imagination. By imagining the world, the world becomes alive. So the greater our world becomes alive. So the greater our world becomes alive. So the greater our imagination, the more alive our imagination, the more alive our imagination, the more alive our imagination becomes. And this idea is imagination becomes. And this idea is imagination becomes. And this idea is most visually expressed in the painting most visually expressed in the painting most visually expressed in the painting the creation of Adam by the creation of Adam by the creation of Adam by Michelangelo. Okay, this is Michelangelo Michelangelo. Okay, this is Michelangelo Michelangelo. Okay, this is Michelangelo um the creation of Adam. And so this um the creation of Adam. And so this um the creation of Adam. And so this goes back to the story of how God goes back to the story of how God goes back to the story of how God created Adam. Uh God created um Adam out created Adam. Uh God created um Adam out created Adam. Uh God created um Adam out of dust and he breathed the essence of of dust and he breathed the essence of of dust and he breathed the essence of life into Adam. Okay. Now there are two life into Adam. Okay. Now there are two life into Adam. Okay. Now there are two ways of looking at this painting. Okay. ways of looking at this painting. Okay. ways of looking at this painting. Okay. There are two ways of understanding the There are two ways of understanding the There are two ways of understanding the title the creation of Adam. You can title the creation of Adam. You can title the creation of Adam. You can first understand it in the typical way first understand it in the typical way first understand it in the typical way which is that God created Adam and that which is that God created Adam and that which is that God created Adam and that they are equals. Okay. You can see that they are equals. Okay. You can see that they are equals. Okay. You can see that these two worlds the Adam and God these two worlds the Adam and God these two worlds the Adam and God they're almost equal. We are equal to they're almost equal. We are equal to they're almost equal. We are equal to God. But then you can change perspective God. But then you can change perspective God. But then you can change perspective and you can say the creation of Adam and you can say the creation of Adam and you can say the creation of Adam really means God is Adam's really means God is Adam's really means God is Adam's creation. God is what we created from creation. God is what we created from creation. God is what we created from our imagination. All right? Now you can our imagination. All right? Now you can our imagination. All right? Now you can see God see God see God um is surrounded by his angels. Okay? um is surrounded by his angels. Okay? um is surrounded by his angels. Okay? But you take them away and what do you But you take them away and what do you But you take them away and what do you have behind them guys? This is a picture have behind them guys? This is a picture have behind them guys? This is a picture of the human of the human of the human brain. Right? Do you see this? Okay. brain. Right? Do you see this? Okay. brain. Right? Do you see this? Okay. This is a stem. Okay. And this is the This is a stem. Okay. And this is the This is a stem. Okay. And this is the human brain. Okay. You take them away human brain. Okay. You take them away human brain. Okay. You take them away and hidden behind is the human brain. and hidden behind is the human brain. and hidden behind is the human brain. Right? Which means what? Which means Right? Which means what? Which means Right? Which means what? Which means that God is an emanation from our that God is an emanation from our that God is an emanation from our imagination. Okay? Not the true God. The imagination. Okay? Not the true God. The imagination. Okay? Not the true God. The true God is like light itself, right? true God is like light itself, right? true God is like light itself, right? Love itself. Okay? But this God has Love itself. Okay? But this God has Love itself. Okay? But this God has given us the capacity to imagine. So given us the capacity to imagine. So given us the capacity to imagine. So we've imagined another god to um take we've imagined another god to um take we've imagined another god to um take place of the real god. Okay, do you place of the real god. Okay, do you place of the real god. Okay, do you understand? So the real god is the human understand? So the real god is the human understand? So the real god is the human imagination, the human brain, the human imagination, the human brain, the human imagination, the human brain, the human mind. That's what gives life to the mind. That's what gives life to the mind. That's what gives life to the universe. Okay, so this if you think universe. Okay, so this if you think universe. Okay, so this if you think about it, it is a radical revolution in about it, it is a radical revolution in about it, it is a radical revolution in human intellectual human intellectual human intellectual history. Do you know where this painting history. Do you know where this painting history. Do you know where this painting is? This painting is on the top of is? This painting is on the top of is? This painting is on the top of something called the Cine Chapel in the something called the Cine Chapel in the something called the Cine Chapel in the Vatican. It's at the very heart of the Vatican. It's at the very heart of the Vatican. It's at the very heart of the Catholic Church. So what Dunning has Catholic Church. So what Dunning has Catholic Church. So what Dunning has been able to do is destroy an empire been able to do is destroy an empire been able to do is destroy an empire peacefully through the power of poetry, peacefully through the power of poetry, peacefully through the power of poetry, through subtlety, through the power of through subtlety, through the power of through subtlety, through the power of love. Don was able to influence love. Don was able to influence love. Don was able to influence Michelangelo who was able to take his Michelangelo who was able to take his Michelangelo who was able to take his ideas and then plant his ideas within ideas and then plant his ideas within ideas and then plant his ideas within the very heart of the Catholic Church the very heart of the Catholic Church the very heart of the Catholic Church and thus reinvent the Catholic Church. and thus reinvent the Catholic Church. and thus reinvent the Catholic Church. That is the power of love. That is the That is the power of love. That is the That is the power of love. That is the power of the power of the power of the imagination. imagination. imagination. Right. Right. Right. Great. Okay. Any questions? Okay. So think of some questions? Okay. So think of some questions. Um next class we will do the questions. Um next class we will do the questions. Um next class we will do the Protestant Reformation. Okay.