Okay. So, good morning. Uh, this morning Okay. So, good morning. Uh, this morning we are doing the Protestant Reformation we are doing the Protestant Reformation we are doing the Protestant Reformation and I'll explain to you how it gave and I'll explain to you how it gave and I'll explain to you how it gave birth to capitalism. Um, this class it's birth to capitalism. Um, this class it's birth to capitalism. Um, this class it's going to be hard conceptually because we going to be hard conceptually because we going to be hard conceptually because we we're going to take concepts we learned we're going to take concepts we learned we're going to take concepts we learned before and combine them to help explain before and combine them to help explain before and combine them to help explain the world we live in today. So, if the world we live in today. So, if the world we live in today. So, if there's anything I'm saying that's not there's anything I'm saying that's not there's anything I'm saying that's not clear or um confusing or debatable, clear or um confusing or debatable, clear or um confusing or debatable, please interrupt me. Okay. All right. So please interrupt me. Okay. All right. So please interrupt me. Okay. All right. So I want to make sure that you can follow I want to make sure that you can follow I want to make sure that you can follow the logic clearly. Okay. So um first of the logic clearly. Okay. So um first of the logic clearly. Okay. So um first of all what I will do is is explain the all what I will do is is explain the all what I will do is is explain the three major differences between the three major differences between the three major differences between the protestant religion and the Catholic protestant religion and the Catholic protestant religion and the Catholic religion. Okay. So let's look at religion. Okay. So let's look at religion. Okay. So let's look at Catholic Catholic Catholic first. In many ways the Protestant first. In many ways the Protestant first. In many ways the Protestant religion is a response to the problems religion is a response to the problems religion is a response to the problems created by the Catholic religion. Okay. created by the Catholic religion. Okay. created by the Catholic religion. Okay. So there are three main characteristics So there are three main characteristics So there are three main characteristics about the Catholic religion. The first about the Catholic religion. The first about the Catholic religion. The first is the idea of is the idea of is the idea of orthodoxy or orthodoxy or orthodoxy or dogma. dogma. dogma. Okay. So there's a set of beliefs in the Okay. So there's a set of beliefs in the Okay. So there's a set of beliefs in the Catholic religion that you must Catholic religion that you must Catholic religion that you must memorize. You're not allowed to question memorize. You're not allowed to question memorize. You're not allowed to question it. You are not allowed to interpret it. it. You are not allowed to interpret it. it. You are not allowed to interpret it. You must memorize it. Okay? And what You must memorize it. Okay? And what You must memorize it. Okay? And what maintains the orthodoxy is the idea of maintains the orthodoxy is the idea of maintains the orthodoxy is the idea of hierarchy. So hierarchy. So hierarchy. So only priests and the ordained those only priests and the ordained those only priests and the ordained those sanctioned by the Catholic church have sanctioned by the Catholic church have sanctioned by the Catholic church have access to the Bible. Only they can access to the Bible. Only they can access to the Bible. Only they can interpret the Bible properly. They are interpret the Bible properly. They are interpret the Bible properly. They are favored by God. The pope is the is God's favored by God. The pope is the is God's favored by God. The pope is the is God's official representative on earth. Okay. official representative on earth. Okay. official representative on earth. Okay. So that's idea of hierarchy. The last So that's idea of hierarchy. The last So that's idea of hierarchy. The last concept um is the idea of justification by justification by works. Okay. Um and the idea here is if works. Okay. Um and the idea here is if works. Okay. Um and the idea here is if you want to be saved, you have you want to be saved, you have you want to be saved, you have to engage in the proper rituals. You to engage in the proper rituals. You to engage in the proper rituals. You have to do what the church tells you. have to do what the church tells you. have to do what the church tells you. Your actions matter more than your Your actions matter more than your Your actions matter more than your beliefs. Okay. Now, as we discussed in beliefs. Okay. Now, as we discussed in beliefs. Okay. Now, as we discussed in previous previous previous classes, these three main concepts that classes, these three main concepts that classes, these three main concepts that underpin the Catholic Church, they will underpin the Catholic Church, they will underpin the Catholic Church, they will create problems. Okay. Um the so create problems. Okay. Um the so create problems. Okay. Um the so justification by works, it creates a justification by works, it creates a justification by works, it creates a problem problem problem of of of hypocrisy, right? The idea here hypocrisy, right? The idea here hypocrisy, right? The idea here is it'd be nice if you believed in God. is it'd be nice if you believed in God. is it'd be nice if you believed in God. It would be nice if you believed in what It would be nice if you believed in what It would be nice if you believed in what you were doing. But you don't have to. you were doing. But you don't have to. you were doing. But you don't have to. Okay? As long as you do what you're Okay? As long as you do what you're Okay? As long as you do what you're told, you can still go to heaven. Okay? told, you can still go to heaven. Okay? told, you can still go to heaven. Okay? It creates idea of hypocrisy. And It creates idea of hypocrisy. And It creates idea of hypocrisy. And obviously, there are a lot of people who obviously, there are a lot of people who obviously, there are a lot of people who are opposed to this. All right? are opposed to this. All right? are opposed to this. All right? Hierarchy creates a problem of Hierarchy creates a problem of Hierarchy creates a problem of corruption. There's no real mechanism to corruption. There's no real mechanism to corruption. There's no real mechanism to prevent the priests from abusing their prevent the priests from abusing their prevent the priests from abusing their powers. And as we discussed last week, powers. And as we discussed last week, powers. And as we discussed last week, the priests do engage in a lot of the priests do engage in a lot of the priests do engage in a lot of corruption and um abuses. Okay. The corruption and um abuses. Okay. The corruption and um abuses. Okay. The problem with orthodoxy is it creates disconnection, right? And the idea here disconnection, right? And the idea here is that um ever since the dawn of human is that um ever since the dawn of human is that um ever since the dawn of human history, we humans are fundamentally history, we humans are fundamentally history, we humans are fundamentally religious. Our fundamental, our first religious. Our fundamental, our first religious. Our fundamental, our first and foremost need is to connect with and foremost need is to connect with and foremost need is to connect with God, to be with God, to work with God, God, to be with God, to work with God, God, to be with God, to work with God, and to access God. Okay? And that's and and to access God. Okay? And that's and and to access God. Okay? And that's and because of these three problems, because of these three problems, because of these three problems, disconnection, corruption, hypocrisy, disconnection, corruption, hypocrisy, disconnection, corruption, hypocrisy, there's always been dissent, there's there's always been dissent, there's there's always been dissent, there's always been rebellion against the always been rebellion against the always been rebellion against the Catholic Church in Europe. Remember last Catholic Church in Europe. Remember last Catholic Church in Europe. Remember last week we discussed the Cathars, the week we discussed the Cathars, the week we discussed the Cathars, the Waltians, right? So this has been an Waltians, right? So this has been an Waltians, right? So this has been an ongoing issue in the Catholic church. So ongoing issue in the Catholic church. So ongoing issue in the Catholic church. So the Protestant religion was developed in the Protestant religion was developed in the Protestant religion was developed in a response to these problems. Okay. So a response to these problems. Okay. So a response to these problems. Okay. So let's look at the three major responses let's look at the three major responses let's look at the three major responses of the Protestant of the Protestant of the Protestant religion. Okay. The first response to religion. Okay. The first response to religion. Okay. The first response to orthodoxy is direct access. You don't need the priest to access. You don't need the priest to tell you what the Bible means. You can tell you what the Bible means. You can tell you what the Bible means. You can just read it by yourself. In fact, God just read it by yourself. In fact, God just read it by yourself. In fact, God wills that you talk to him directly by wills that you talk to him directly by wills that you talk to him directly by reading the Bible. Okay? If that is the case, then the Okay? If that is the case, then the church must be fundamentally church must be fundamentally church must be fundamentally egalitarian because if everyone can egalitarian because if everyone can egalitarian because if everyone can access God, then everyone is equal in access God, then everyone is equal in access God, then everyone is equal in the the the eyes of God. But the fundamental demand eyes of God. But the fundamental demand eyes of God. But the fundamental demand now is faith. You have to truly faith. You have to truly believe in believe in believe in God. You must develop your life around God. You must develop your life around God. You must develop your life around this faith in God. Okay. this faith in God. Okay. this faith in God. Okay. So on one hand the Protestant religion So on one hand the Protestant religion So on one hand the Protestant religion is solving a lot of problems created by is solving a lot of problems created by is solving a lot of problems created by the church but on the other hand it's the church but on the other hand it's the church but on the other hand it's also creating a lot of problems as well. also creating a lot of problems as well. also creating a lot of problems as well. Okay so let's go very quickly over some Okay so let's go very quickly over some Okay so let's go very quickly over some of the major problems. Um if it's of the major problems. Um if it's of the major problems. Um if it's justification by faith it creates a justification by faith it creates a justification by faith it creates a problem of problem of problem of anxiety. Why? anxiety. Why? anxiety. Why? Because how do you know you truly Because how do you know you truly Because how do you know you truly believe in God? Does that make sense? believe in God? Does that make sense? believe in God? Does that make sense? How do you really know you have faith? How do you really know you have faith? How do you really know you have faith? You have to calculate prove to yourself You have to calculate prove to yourself You have to calculate prove to yourself that you truly believe in God through that you truly believe in God through that you truly believe in God through actions, through works. Okay? You have actions, through works. Okay? You have actions, through works. Okay? You have to raise doubt in your mind and this to raise doubt in your mind and this to raise doubt in your mind and this makes you anxious. It makes you antic. makes you anxious. It makes you antic. makes you anxious. It makes you antic. Okay? So that's one huge problem created Okay? So that's one huge problem created Okay? So that's one huge problem created by uh pro the Protestant religion. The by uh pro the Protestant religion. The by uh pro the Protestant religion. The second big problem is a problem of second big problem is a problem of second big problem is a problem of diversity. If everyone is equal, then diversity. If everyone is equal, then diversity. If everyone is equal, then everyone can start his or her own everyone can start his or her own everyone can start his or her own religion. And what we will see during religion. And what we will see during religion. And what we will see during the process of reformation is an the process of reformation is an the process of reformation is an explosion of different religions with explosion of different religions with explosion of different religions with all they're all different sets of all they're all different sets of all they're all different sets of beliefs. There's only one Catholic beliefs. There's only one Catholic beliefs. There's only one Catholic church, but there's like tens of church, but there's like tens of church, but there's like tens of thousands of Protestant thousands of Protestant thousands of Protestant denominations. Okay. Um does that make denominations. Okay. Um does that make denominations. Okay. Um does that make sense? Okay. All right. sense? Okay. All right. sense? Okay. All right. So then with direct access you are So then with direct access you are So then with direct access you are forced to have literacy okay you are forced to have literacy okay you are forced to have literacy okay you are forced to educate forced to educate forced to educate yourself all right and this is a good yourself all right and this is a good yourself all right and this is a good thing right but it's also a problem thing right but it's also a problem thing right but it's also a problem because if you're poor you may not have because if you're poor you may not have because if you're poor you may not have access to education all right so this is access to education all right so this is access to education all right so this is a problem for a lot of people and that's a problem for a lot of people and that's a problem for a lot of people and that's why um in the beginning of development why um in the beginning of development why um in the beginning of development of protestants of protestants of protestants Protestantism most of the adherence to Protestantism most of the adherence to Protestantism most of the adherence to this new religion are actually the this new religion are actually the this new religion are actually the aspirational middle class. The people of aspirational middle class. The people of aspirational middle class. The people of some means there are people who want to some means there are people who want to some means there are people who want to aspire to more wealth. Okay. So this is aspire to more wealth. Okay. So this is aspire to more wealth. Okay. So this is the basic rundown of the differences the basic rundown of the differences the basic rundown of the differences between the Protestant religion and the between the Protestant religion and the between the Protestant religion and the Catholic religion. All right. All right. Catholic religion. All right. All right. Catholic religion. All right. All right. Um any are you clear about this? Are any Um any are you clear about this? Are any Um any are you clear about this? Are any any questions so far? Is this clear to any questions so far? Is this clear to any questions so far? Is this clear to you? Okay. All right. So now I'm going you? Okay. All right. So now I'm going you? Okay. All right. So now I'm going to go deeper and explain the problems to go deeper and explain the problems to go deeper and explain the problems that this new religion creates in the that this new religion creates in the that this new religion creates in the minds of the faithful. Okay. The the the minds of the faithful. Okay. The the the minds of the faithful. Okay. The the the faithful. All right. Okay. So the faithful. All right. Okay. So the faithful. All right. Okay. So the problem that it within the Christian problem that it within the Christian problem that it within the Christian religion as we discussed in previous religion as we discussed in previous religion as we discussed in previous classes is the idea of the holy trinity. classes is the idea of the holy trinity. classes is the idea of the holy trinity. Okay. The holy trinity. The idea of the Okay. The holy trinity. The idea of the Okay. The holy trinity. The idea of the Holy Trinity is that Jesus Holy Trinity is that Jesus Holy Trinity is that Jesus um God and the Holy um God and the Holy um God and the Holy Spirit, these are different forces that Spirit, these are different forces that Spirit, these are different forces that are independent of each other, but they are independent of each other, but they are independent of each other, but they are equal to each other and they're part are equal to each other and they're part are equal to each other and they're part of the same thing. Okay? So for the of the same thing. Okay? So for the of the same thing. Okay? So for the human mind, the way that our human minds human mind, the way that our human minds human mind, the way that our human minds are designed, it is impossible for us to are designed, it is impossible for us to are designed, it is impossible for us to understand this concept of the Holy understand this concept of the Holy understand this concept of the Holy Trinity. It's like saying like this pen Trinity. It's like saying like this pen Trinity. It's like saying like this pen it is here and not here. Your mind has it is here and not here. Your mind has it is here and not here. Your mind has to believe that this thing is here and to believe that this thing is here and to believe that this thing is here and not here. And your mind can't do that. not here. And your mind can't do that. not here. And your mind can't do that. Okay. Your mind has to believe in one Okay. Your mind has to believe in one Okay. Your mind has to believe in one thing and and you it cannot believe in thing and and you it cannot believe in thing and and you it cannot believe in contradictions. But this is inherently a contradictions. But this is inherently a contradictions. But this is inherently a contradiction. The only way that our contradiction. The only way that our contradiction. The only way that our mind can process this is by believing mind can process this is by believing mind can process this is by believing that this is a that this is a that this is a symbol. Okay. The reason why is that symbol. Okay. The reason why is that symbol. Okay. The reason why is that this is something. The only way that we this is something. The only way that we this is something. The only way that we can understand the holy trinity is to can understand the holy trinity is to can understand the holy trinity is to believe that it is both nothing and believe that it is both nothing and believe that it is both nothing and everything. Okay? And that's what a everything. Okay? And that's what a everything. Okay? And that's what a symbol is. A symbol is nothing that symbol is. A symbol is nothing that symbol is. A symbol is nothing that represents everything depending on how represents everything depending on how represents everything depending on how you perceive you perceive you perceive it. The problem with this is it. The problem with this is it. The problem with this is that it creates the problem of anxiety. of anxiety. Right? Anxiety. Why does it create anxiety? Anxiety. Why does it create anxiety? Because again, our fundamental need is Because again, our fundamental need is Because again, our fundamental need is to connect with God. And the concept of to connect with God. And the concept of to connect with God. And the concept of the Holy Trinity means that we can never the Holy Trinity means that we can never the Holy Trinity means that we can never truly connect with God. It is a symbol. truly connect with God. It is a symbol. truly connect with God. It is a symbol. It is an abstraction removed from us. We It is an abstraction removed from us. We It is an abstraction removed from us. We can never be intimate with God. It's can never be intimate with God. It's can never be intimate with God. It's either away from us or through us. But either away from us or through us. But either away from us or through us. But we can never touch it. We can never feel we can never touch it. We can never feel we can never touch it. We can never feel it. Okay? This creates it. Okay? This creates it. Okay? This creates anxiety. Before this was not a problem anxiety. Before this was not a problem anxiety. Before this was not a problem because the because the because the church stood between you the church stood between you the church stood between you the believer and the holy trinity. Okay. All believer and the holy trinity. Okay. All believer and the holy trinity. Okay. All you had to do was believe in the church you had to do was believe in the church you had to do was believe in the church and you were and you were and you were fine. fine. fine. But then what happens? You get rid of But then what happens? You get rid of But then what happens? You get rid of the church. Now you have to grasp with the church. Now you have to grasp with the church. Now you have to grasp with gr try to grasp what the holy trinity gr try to grasp what the holy trinity gr try to grasp what the holy trinity is. And again remember one of the main is. And again remember one of the main is. And again remember one of the main um ideas of the prom religion is that um ideas of the prom religion is that um ideas of the prom religion is that you must struggle with your you must struggle with your you must struggle with your faith. You must re recognize and fully faith. You must re recognize and fully faith. You must re recognize and fully realize your faith in God. Otherwise realize your faith in God. Otherwise realize your faith in God. Otherwise you'll be condemned to hell. But as we you'll be condemned to hell. But as we you'll be condemned to hell. But as we already discussed this holy trinity is already discussed this holy trinity is already discussed this holy trinity is impossible to understand. impossible to understand. impossible to understand. Okay. So this creates Okay. So this creates Okay. So this creates anxiety. Now the thing about anxiety is anxiety. Now the thing about anxiety is anxiety. Now the thing about anxiety is it creates um the the problem of like it creates um the the problem of like it creates um the the problem of like OCD. Okay. OCD. Okay. OCD. Okay. obsessive obsessive obsessive compulsive behavior behavior because anxiety because anxiety because anxiety um comes about because of um comes about because of um comes about because of confusion. Okay. What you want to do is confusion. Okay. What you want to do is confusion. Okay. What you want to do is remove this anxiety by ordering your remove this anxiety by ordering your remove this anxiety by ordering your physical world. Right? People with physical world. Right? People with physical world. Right? People with obsessivempulsive behavior, what do they obsessivempulsive behavior, what do they obsessivempulsive behavior, what do they do? They like to clean houses. They like do? They like to clean houses. They like do? They like to clean houses. They like to buy things. They like to lose weight. to buy things. They like to lose weight. to buy things. They like to lose weight. They're trying to order. The word we use They're trying to order. The word we use They're trying to order. The word we use is is is rationalize. They're trying to rationalize. They're trying to rationalize. They're trying to rationalize the world around rationalize the world around rationalize the world around them in order them in order them in order to re reduce your anxiety. Okay. All to re reduce your anxiety. Okay. All to re reduce your anxiety. Okay. All right. Does that make sense? Right. Have right. Does that make sense? Right. Have right. Does that make sense? Right. Have you studied obsessivecompulsive you studied obsessivecompulsive you studied obsessivecompulsive behavior OCD? All right. It's caused by behavior OCD? All right. It's caused by behavior OCD? All right. It's caused by it's caused by anxiety. And this anxiety it's caused by anxiety. And this anxiety it's caused by anxiety. And this anxiety forces you to try to rationalize the forces you to try to rationalize the forces you to try to rationalize the world. All right. Now, there's also a world. All right. Now, there's also a world. All right. Now, there's also a third problem in the Protestant religion third problem in the Protestant religion third problem in the Protestant religion and it's the idea of and it's the idea of and it's the idea of double double double pre pre pre destination. All right. Okay. So, this destination. All right. Okay. So, this destination. All right. Okay. So, this is a big concept but but it's very easy is a big concept but but it's very easy is a big concept but but it's very easy to understand. to understand. to understand. If you remove the church because the If you remove the church because the If you remove the church because the church is too corrupt, the problem church is too corrupt, the problem church is too corrupt, the problem arises like how do you know if you're arises like how do you know if you're arises like how do you know if you're going to heaven or not? Who's going to going to heaven or not? Who's going to going to heaven or not? Who's going to decide? And so a man, a theologian by decide? And so a man, a theologian by decide? And so a man, a theologian by the name of John Calvin, he proposed the the name of John Calvin, he proposed the the name of John Calvin, he proposed the idea of double predestination. And the idea of double predestination. And the idea of double predestination. And the idea here is this. God at the beginning idea here is this. God at the beginning idea here is this. God at the beginning of time has already of time has already of time has already decided. And this decision is final. You decided. And this decision is final. You decided. And this decision is final. You cannot persuade him that he is wrong cannot persuade him that he is wrong cannot persuade him that he is wrong because he is perfect, eternal and immutable. immutable. And only a few, the elect will be saved. And only a few, the elect will be saved. And only a few, the elect will be saved. Only only these people will be allowed Only only these people will be allowed Only only these people will be allowed to go to heaven. Everyone else will be to go to heaven. Everyone else will be to go to heaven. Everyone else will be condemned to condemned to condemned to hell. And who are the elect? The elect hell. And who are the elect? The elect hell. And who are the elect? The elect are those who truly are those who truly are those who truly believe that they have been believe that they have been believe that they have been saved. O only those who truly believe in saved. O only those who truly believe in saved. O only those who truly believe in God's mercy and God's grace will be God's mercy and God's grace will be God's mercy and God's grace will be saved. Okay? If you think about it, this saved. Okay? If you think about it, this saved. Okay? If you think about it, this creates even more creates even more creates even more anxiety because how do you know if anxiety because how do you know if anxiety because how do you know if you're one that's saved? You have to you're one that's saved? You have to you're one that's saved? You have to work hard now to solve this problem. work hard now to solve this problem. work hard now to solve this problem. Okay? Okay? Okay? So let's summarize because of the So let's summarize because of the So let's summarize because of the protestant religion you have three new protestant religion you have three new protestant religion you have three new problems created. The first is the problems created. The first is the problems created. The first is the individual believer cannot understand individual believer cannot understand individual believer cannot understand the holy trinity but they must. That's the holy trinity but they must. That's the holy trinity but they must. That's what the religion demands. That's the what the religion demands. That's the what the religion demands. That's the first problem. Second problem is the first problem. Second problem is the first problem. Second problem is the anxiety causes OCD which makes them want anxiety causes OCD which makes them want anxiety causes OCD which makes them want to rationalize the world. It makes them to rationalize the world. It makes them to rationalize the world. It makes them want to order the world according to want to order the world according to want to order the world according to their faith. Okay, that's the second their faith. Okay, that's the second their faith. Okay, that's the second issue. The third issue is the idea of issue. The third issue is the idea of issue. The third issue is the idea of double pre predestination that where double pre predestination that where double pre predestination that where which says that if you do not truly which says that if you do not truly which says that if you do not truly believe in God if you have if you do not believe in God if you have if you do not believe in God if you have if you do not actually figure out the grace of God actually figure out the grace of God actually figure out the grace of God then you'll be condemned to eternal then you'll be condemned to eternal then you'll be condemned to eternal damnation. Okay. So these are the three damnation. Okay. So these are the three damnation. Okay. So these are the three major problems created by the pro major problems created by the pro major problems created by the pro religion. And so over time okay and this religion. And so over time okay and this religion. And so over time okay and this is a process that will take decades is a process that will take decades is a process that will take decades centuries. They figure out a centuries. They figure out a centuries. They figure out a solution, right? They figure out a solution, right? They figure out a solution, right? They figure out a solution. And the solution is this. The solution. And the solution is this. The solution. And the solution is this. The solution is money. solution is money. solution is money. Sorry, money. Okay. The solution is money. money. Okay. The solution is money. That's how you resolve these three That's how you resolve these three That's how you resolve these three paradoxes or three contradictions, three paradoxes or three contradictions, three paradoxes or three contradictions, three anxieties. All right. So, first of all, anxieties. All right. So, first of all, anxieties. All right. So, first of all, let me explain what money is. Okay. let me explain what money is. Okay. let me explain what money is. Okay. money. All right. So, in the world we money. All right. So, in the world we money. All right. So, in the world we are are are all different. We have different pers all different. We have different pers all different. We have different pers perspectives. Okay. Um so each individual is unique. Each Um so each individual is unique. Each individual is different. Each individual individual is different. Each individual individual is different. Each individual sees the world differently. And this sees the world differently. And this sees the world differently. And this creates confusion. This creates creates confusion. This creates creates confusion. This creates problems. Okay? If I ask you why you're problems. Okay? If I ask you why you're problems. Okay? If I ask you why you're in school, you might say, "Oh, I'm here in school, you might say, "Oh, I'm here in school, you might say, "Oh, I'm here to learn mathematics." I might ask to learn mathematics." I might ask to learn mathematics." I might ask someone else like, "Oh, I want to go to someone else like, "Oh, I want to go to someone else like, "Oh, I want to go to America for college." Another person America for college." Another person America for college." Another person might be like, "I want to learn." Okay, might be like, "I want to learn." Okay, might be like, "I want to learn." Okay, each person is each person is each person is different. Okay? But what happens is different. Okay? But what happens is different. Okay? But what happens is this. If I introduce the concept of this. If I introduce the concept of this. If I introduce the concept of money, what it does is it standardizes, money, what it does is it standardizes, money, what it does is it standardizes, systemizes, clarifies and simplifies systemizes, clarifies and simplifies systemizes, clarifies and simplifies everyone's understanding into everyone's understanding into everyone's understanding into one concept into a coherent hole. Okay. one concept into a coherent hole. Okay. one concept into a coherent hole. Okay. So let me use an experiment to show you So let me use an experiment to show you So let me use an experiment to show you like why this is true. All right. So like why this is true. All right. So like why this is true. All right. So some experimenters they gave everyone a some experimenters they gave everyone a some experimenters they gave everyone a wine test. They put three different wine test. They put three different wine test. They put three different bottles of wine in front of each person. bottles of wine in front of each person. bottles of wine in front of each person. Ask each person to taste the wine and Ask each person to taste the wine and Ask each person to taste the wine and then ask each person which wine is the then ask each person which wine is the then ask each person which wine is the best. And most people could not tell the best. And most people could not tell the best. And most people could not tell the difference. They were different. They difference. They were different. They difference. They were different. They these are different bottles of wine but these are different bottles of wine but these are different bottles of wine but they didn't know which one was better. they didn't know which one was better. they didn't know which one was better. Okay. Then what the experimenters did Okay. Then what the experimenters did Okay. Then what the experimenters did was they put price tags on each bott of was they put price tags on each bott of was they put price tags on each bott of wine. Okay, wine. Okay, wine. Okay, $10, $20, $50. And then when the $10, $20, $50. And then when the $10, $20, $50. And then when the expenders did this, everyone knew, oh, expenders did this, everyone knew, oh, expenders did this, everyone knew, oh, of course the $50 bottle of wine is of course the $50 bottle of wine is of course the $50 bottle of wine is better. Okay, so that's what money does. better. Okay, so that's what money does. better. Okay, so that's what money does. Man, money allows us to simplify the Man, money allows us to simplify the Man, money allows us to simplify the world to in order to understand it. Okay. So all our beliefs, all our Okay. So all our beliefs, all our values, our judgment now is placed into values, our judgment now is placed into values, our judgment now is placed into this one symbol, money. But then what this one symbol, money. But then what this one symbol, money. But then what happens is we then take this money and happens is we then take this money and happens is we then take this money and we reshape the world according to money. we reshape the world according to money. we reshape the world according to money. Okay, does that make sense? Now I ask Okay, does that make sense? Now I ask Okay, does that make sense? Now I ask you, why are you going to school? you, why are you going to school? you, why are you going to school? Everyone's like to make money in the Everyone's like to make money in the Everyone's like to make money in the future. Everyone agrees on this. future. Everyone agrees on this. future. Everyone agrees on this. Okay, so that's what money is. Money is Okay, so that's what money is. Money is Okay, so that's what money is. Money is a system to standardize everyone's a system to standardize everyone's a system to standardize everyone's thought and then once the thought and then once the thought and then once the standardization happens, it reshapes standardization happens, it reshapes standardization happens, it reshapes reality into a rational order. Okay, reality into a rational order. Okay, reality into a rational order. Okay, does that make sense? All right. Okay. does that make sense? All right. Okay. does that make sense? All right. Okay. So, let's go back. Okay. Now that we So, let's go back. Okay. Now that we So, let's go back. Okay. Now that we understand what money is, we can now understand what money is, we can now understand what money is, we can now explain how money reduces the explain how money reduces the explain how money reduces the paradoxes, right? Money is a way for paradoxes, right? Money is a way for paradoxes, right? Money is a way for people to rationalize the world. You're people to rationalize the world. You're people to rationalize the world. You're you're anxious. What do you do to re to you're anxious. What do you do to re to you're anxious. What do you do to re to reduce this anxiety? Make money. Make reduce this anxiety? Make money. Make reduce this anxiety? Make money. Make more money. Don't stop until you make more money. Don't stop until you make more money. Don't stop until you make the most money. the most money. the most money. Okay? Okay? Okay? Then money is a way to resolve the God Then money is a way to resolve the God Then money is a way to resolve the God issue because money is also a symbol. So issue because money is also a symbol. So issue because money is also a symbol. So what you can do mentally is conflate God what you can do mentally is conflate God what you can do mentally is conflate God with money. Money is God. God is money. with money. Money is God. God is money. with money. Money is God. God is money. That makes sense to people, right? And That makes sense to people, right? And That makes sense to people, right? And now because you've completed God of now because you've completed God of now because you've completed God of money, you can now solve the money, you can now solve the money, you can now solve the predestination problem, which is like, predestination problem, which is like, predestination problem, which is like, oh, how do I know I have faith in God? oh, how do I know I have faith in God? oh, how do I know I have faith in God? Because I have a lot of money. Because I Because I have a lot of money. Because I Because I have a lot of money. Because I spend my entire life accumulating spend my entire life accumulating spend my entire life accumulating money. And how do I know I'm going to money. And how do I know I'm going to money. And how do I know I'm going to heaven? because I'm heaven? because I'm heaven? because I'm rich. The my wealth shows that I have rich. The my wealth shows that I have rich. The my wealth shows that I have true faith in God. If I have true faith true faith in God. If I have true faith true faith in God. If I have true faith in God, then I must be one of those in God, then I must be one of those in God, then I must be one of those predestined by God to be the elect. And predestined by God to be the elect. And predestined by God to be the elect. And therefore, I have nothing to worry therefore, I have nothing to worry therefore, I have nothing to worry about. All right? And because of this, the beauty right? And because of this, the beauty of the system is this. It creates a of the system is this. It creates a of the system is this. It creates a concept of capitalism. Never before in human history have Never before in human history have people people believed that this is a people people believed that this is a people people believed that this is a good thing that that you should go good thing that that you should go good thing that that you should go accumulate money for the sake of accumulate money for the sake of accumulate money for the sake of accumulating money. Okay? Before it was accumulating money. Okay? Before it was accumulating money. Okay? Before it was always about accumulating money in order always about accumulating money in order always about accumulating money in order to increase your social status. So to increase your social status. So to increase your social status. So wealthy people would always spend their wealthy people would always spend their wealthy people would always spend their money holding community fees. Okay? On money holding community fees. Okay? On money holding community fees. Okay? On giving money to the the poor, on helping giving money to the the poor, on helping giving money to the the poor, on helping the community. So remember Julius Caesar the community. So remember Julius Caesar the community. So remember Julius Caesar when he died he was the wealthiest man when he died he was the wealthiest man when he died he was the wealthiest man in the world but he gave a third of his in the world but he gave a third of his in the world but he gave a third of his money to the poor people of Rome. He money to the poor people of Rome. He money to the poor people of Rome. He gave a third of his money to building gave a third of his money to building gave a third of his money to building parks for Rome. Okay. And the and the parks for Rome. Okay. And the and the parks for Rome. Okay. And the and the the final third went to um is adopted the final third went to um is adopted the final third went to um is adopted here um Octavian. Okay. All right. But here um Octavian. Okay. All right. But here um Octavian. Okay. All right. But now what's important is that you try to now what's important is that you try to now what's important is that you try to accumulate as much money as possible. accumulate as much money as possible. accumulate as much money as possible. Don't waste it because if you waste it Don't waste it because if you waste it Don't waste it because if you waste it it's corruption. It shows you lack of it's corruption. It shows you lack of it's corruption. It shows you lack of faith in faith in faith in God. All right? And that's why we have God. All right? And that's why we have God. All right? And that's why we have capitalism because of the anxiety capitalism because of the anxiety capitalism because of the anxiety created by the Protestant Reformation. created by the Protestant Reformation. created by the Protestant Reformation. All right? And again, um this is a All right? And again, um this is a All right? And again, um this is a process that will take centuries. It process that will take centuries. It process that will take centuries. It doesn't happen right away. Okay? But doesn't happen right away. Okay? But doesn't happen right away. Okay? But it's a process that takes centuries and it's a process that takes centuries and it's a process that takes centuries and it's and it's a process that will define it's and it's a process that will define it's and it's a process that will define the world we live in the world we live in the world we live in today. Okay? Even though today. Okay? Even though today. Okay? Even though today most people actually not today most people actually not today most people actually not Protestant, most people do not believe Protestant, most people do not believe Protestant, most people do not believe in double pred predestination. Most in double pred predestination. Most in double pred predestination. Most people um don't really understand the people um don't really understand the people um don't really understand the holy trinity. Most people don't want to holy trinity. Most people don't want to holy trinity. Most people don't want to rationalize the world. We have absorbed rationalize the world. We have absorbed rationalize the world. We have absorbed this mentality. this mentality. this mentality. Okay, we believe that we should Okay, we believe that we should Okay, we believe that we should accumulate money for the sake of accumulate money for the sake of accumulate money for the sake of accumulating money. That's why we accumulating money. That's why we accumulating money. That's why we worship people like Jack Ma, Ellen Mus, worship people like Jack Ma, Ellen Mus, worship people like Jack Ma, Ellen Mus, Jeff Bezos. Even though if you think Jeff Bezos. Even though if you think Jeff Bezos. Even though if you think about it, they've just accumulated a symbol, it, they've just accumulated a symbol, right? But money is actually nothing. right? But money is actually nothing. right? But money is actually nothing. But we worship them because we believe But we worship them because we believe But we worship them because we believe that money is reality that money is reality that money is reality itself. All right? That's what itself. All right? That's what itself. All right? That's what capitalism is. Capitalism is a belief capitalism is. Capitalism is a belief capitalism is. Capitalism is a belief that money is reality in itself. All that money is reality in itself. All that money is reality in itself. All right? So um I know conceptually this is right? So um I know conceptually this is right? So um I know conceptually this is hard and this is a lot but and now what hard and this is a lot but and now what hard and this is a lot but and now what I will do is explain historical context I will do is explain historical context I will do is explain historical context explain the evidence for this argument. explain the evidence for this argument. explain the evidence for this argument. But first I I want to make sure that But first I I want to make sure that But first I I want to make sure that this argument is clear to you. This this this argument is clear to you. This this this argument is clear to you. This this is a thesis. Okay. This is to this is is a thesis. Okay. This is to this is is a thesis. Okay. This is to this is explanation as to why you have explanation as to why you have explanation as to why you have capitalism capitalism capitalism today. All right. So, um, any today. All right. So, um, any today. All right. So, um, any questions before I explain the questions before I explain the questions before I explain the historical context? This is all clear. Okay, good. context? This is all clear. Okay, good. All right. So, now what I'm going to do All right. So, now what I'm going to do All right. So, now what I'm going to do is uh explain the historical context as is uh explain the historical context as is uh explain the historical context as well as provide the um evidence. Okay. well as provide the um evidence. Okay. well as provide the um evidence. Okay. All right. So, the cost of reformation All right. So the process of reformation All right. So the process of reformation is a is a is a process that took place from 1517. 1517 process that took place from 1517. 1517 process that took place from 1517. 1517 is when a theologian Martin Luther is when a theologian Martin Luther is when a theologian Martin Luther published his 95 thesis. His the 95 published his 95 thesis. His the 95 published his 95 thesis. His the 95 thesis is a direct criticism of the thesis is a direct criticism of the thesis is a direct criticism of the Catholic Church. Uh the corruption of Catholic Church. Uh the corruption of Catholic Church. Uh the corruption of the Catholic Church and it ends really the Catholic Church and it ends really the Catholic Church and it ends really in the year 1648. This is after decades in the year 1648. This is after decades in the year 1648. This is after decades of um violent warfare between the of um violent warfare between the of um violent warfare between the Protestants and the Catholics. And at Protestants and the Catholics. And at Protestants and the Catholics. And at this point, Europe is completely this point, Europe is completely this point, Europe is completely exhausted. They just finished fighting exhausted. They just finished fighting exhausted. They just finished fighting something called a 30 years war, which something called a 30 years war, which something called a 30 years war, which is before World War I, the deadest war is before World War I, the deadest war is before World War I, the deadest war in European history. It kills at most in European history. It kills at most in European history. It kills at most about 8 million people. So all of Europe about 8 million people. So all of Europe about 8 million people. So all of Europe is completely devastated. In certain is completely devastated. In certain is completely devastated. In certain parts of Germany, which is where the war parts of Germany, which is where the war parts of Germany, which is where the war was fought, they lost about half of was fought, they lost about half of was fought, they lost about half of their population. Okay. And this war their population. Okay. And this war their population. Okay. And this war ended in something called the treaty of ended in something called the treaty of ended in something called the treaty of Westfailia, the peace of Westfailia, Westfailia, the peace of Westfailia, Westfailia, the peace of Westfailia, which guarantees religious freedom to which guarantees religious freedom to which guarantees religious freedom to everyone in Europe. And this ends the everyone in Europe. And this ends the everyone in Europe. And this ends the Protestant Reformation. Okay. All right. Protestant Reformation. Okay. All right. Protestant Reformation. Okay. All right. So again, um, historians state the So again, um, historians state the So again, um, historians state the beginning of the Protestant refu beginning of the Protestant refu beginning of the Protestant refu reformation to Martin Luther. Um last reformation to Martin Luther. Um last reformation to Martin Luther. Um last week we we discussed the crusades and we week we we discussed the crusades and we week we we discussed the crusades and we discussed how um there were um many discussed how um there were um many discussed how um there were um many thinkers theologians who are post thinkers theologians who are post thinkers theologians who are post Catholic church uh people like John Catholic church uh people like John Catholic church uh people like John Whitecliffe Jian Hos um and they were Whitecliffe Jian Hos um and they were Whitecliffe Jian Hos um and they were eventually condemned as heretics and the eventually condemned as heretics and the eventually condemned as heretics and the rebellion was stumped out by the rebellion was stumped out by the rebellion was stumped out by the Catholic Church. But Martin Luther u Catholic Church. But Martin Luther u Catholic Church. But Martin Luther u he's fortunate in that he has powerful he's fortunate in that he has powerful he's fortunate in that he has powerful political patrons. The various princes political patrons. The various princes political patrons. The various princes of the Holy Roman Empire want more of the Holy Roman Empire want more of the Holy Roman Empire want more autonomy from the Catholic Church and autonomy from the Catholic Church and autonomy from the Catholic Church and Martin Luther gives them a proper Martin Luther gives them a proper Martin Luther gives them a proper pretext in order to financially divorce pretext in order to financially divorce pretext in order to financially divorce themselves from the Catholic Church. themselves from the Catholic Church. themselves from the Catholic Church. Okay. So, as I discussed, what he's most Okay. So, as I discussed, what he's most Okay. So, as I discussed, what he's most famous for is something called the 95 famous for is something called the 95 famous for is something called the 95 thesis, which is a direct criticism of thesis, which is a direct criticism of thesis, which is a direct criticism of the corruption of the Catholic Church. the corruption of the Catholic Church. the corruption of the Catholic Church. At this time, the Catholic Church wanted At this time, the Catholic Church wanted At this time, the Catholic Church wanted to build St. Peter's Basilica, a church to build St. Peter's Basilica, a church to build St. Peter's Basilica, a church in the Vatican. And they wanted this to in the Vatican. And they wanted this to in the Vatican. And they wanted this to be a gorgeous building. So to finance be a gorgeous building. So to finance be a gorgeous building. So to finance the building of this church, the um the building of this church, the um the building of this church, the um Catholic Church sold something called Catholic Church sold something called Catholic Church sold something called indulgences. Indulgences are basically indulgences. Indulgences are basically indulgences. Indulgences are basically like tickets or um um special letters like tickets or um um special letters like tickets or um um special letters that will reduce the punishment of your that will reduce the punishment of your that will reduce the punishment of your relatives in purgatory. Okay? It's it's relatives in purgatory. Okay? It's it's relatives in purgatory. Okay? It's it's basically to reduce the number of sins basically to reduce the number of sins basically to reduce the number of sins you committed. It's it's it's basically you committed. It's it's it's basically you committed. It's it's it's basically like bribing God, okay? To reduce your like bribing God, okay? To reduce your like bribing God, okay? To reduce your your penalty. And this was a very your penalty. And this was a very your penalty. And this was a very popular thing and allowed uh the Pope to popular thing and allowed uh the Pope to popular thing and allowed uh the Pope to build St. Peter's Basilica, which is one build St. Peter's Basilica, which is one build St. Peter's Basilica, which is one of the most beautiful buildings in the of the most beautiful buildings in the of the most beautiful buildings in the world today. But as you can imagine, if world today. But as you can imagine, if world today. But as you can imagine, if you are a true Christian, you are you are a true Christian, you are you are a true Christian, you are insulted, you're offended, insulted, you're offended, insulted, you're offended, um you're angered by the idea of this um you're angered by the idea of this um you're angered by the idea of this corruption. Okay. So the 95 thesis uh or corruption. Okay. So the 95 thesis uh or corruption. Okay. So the 95 thesis uh or 95 sentences in which in which um Martin 95 sentences in which in which um Martin 95 sentences in which in which um Martin Luther lays out his case against Luther lays out his case against Luther lays out his case against indulgences and as such against the indulgences and as such against the indulgences and as such against the authority of the church and the pope and authority of the church and the pope and authority of the church and the pope and this is the argument he makes. Okay. So this is the argument he makes. Okay. So this is the argument he makes. Okay. So let's look at some sentences in on so let's look at some sentences in on so let's look at some sentences in on so the 36 sentence is every truly repentant the 36 sentence is every truly repentant the 36 sentence is every truly repentant Christian has a right to full remission Christian has a right to full remission Christian has a right to full remission of penalty and guilt even without of penalty and guilt even without of penalty and guilt even without letters of pardon. Okay. And what he's letters of pardon. Okay. And what he's letters of pardon. Okay. And what he's saying here is the idea of salvation by saying here is the idea of salvation by saying here is the idea of salvation by faith. You don't have to spend this faith. You don't have to spend this faith. You don't have to spend this money. You don't have to do what the go money. You don't have to do what the go money. You don't have to do what the go what the church tells you. If you are a what the church tells you. If you are a what the church tells you. If you are a true Christian, if you truly believe in true Christian, if you truly believe in true Christian, if you truly believe in God, God will forgive you. You have God, God will forgive you. You have God, God will forgive you. You have direct access to God. Okay? So he's direct access to God. Okay? So he's direct access to God. Okay? So he's denying the authority of the pope which denying the authority of the pope which denying the authority of the pope which makes him a heretic. He also says makes him a heretic. He also says makes him a heretic. He also says Christians are to be taught that the Christians are to be taught that the Christians are to be taught that the pope in granting pardons needs and pope in granting pardons needs and pope in granting pardons needs and therefore desires their devout prayer therefore desires their devout prayer therefore desires their devout prayer for him more than the money they bring. for him more than the money they bring. for him more than the money they bring. Okay, this is very insult to the pope. Okay, this is very insult to the pope. Okay, this is very insult to the pope. He's saying like the person that most He's saying like the person that most He's saying like the person that most offends God in this world is the pope offends God in this world is the pope offends God in this world is the pope because the pope is insulting God by because the pope is insulting God by because the pope is insulting God by telling the world that that God can be telling the world that that God can be telling the world that that God can be bribed by money. Okay. So, let's pray bribed by money. Okay. So, let's pray bribed by money. Okay. So, let's pray for the pope because clearly the pope um for the pope because clearly the pope um for the pope because clearly the pope um has offended God. has offended God. has offended God. He also says,"Wh does not the pope whose He also says,"Wh does not the pope whose He also says,"Wh does not the pope whose wealth is today greater than the richest wealth is today greater than the richest wealth is today greater than the richest of the richest?" He's saying the pope is of the richest?" He's saying the pope is of the richest?" He's saying the pope is the richest man in Europe. Why doesn't the richest man in Europe. Why doesn't the richest man in Europe. Why doesn't the pope spend this money and build the the pope spend this money and build the the pope spend this money and build the church himself build just this one church of himself build just this one church of St. Peter with his own money rather than St. Peter with his own money rather than St. Peter with his own money rather than with the money of poor with the money of poor with the money of poor believers? Okay? Why is he exploiting believers? Okay? Why is he exploiting believers? Okay? Why is he exploiting the poor when he is the richest man in the poor when he is the richest man in the poor when he is the richest man in the world? Okay, as you can see and as the world? Okay, as you can see and as the world? Okay, as you can see and as you can imagine, the cho the church is you can imagine, the cho the church is you can imagine, the cho the church is furious with him and they deem him a furious with him and they deem him a furious with him and they deem him a heretic and they want to burn him at the heretic and they want to burn him at the heretic and they want to burn him at the stake. But again he's protected by stake. But again he's protected by stake. But again he's protected by powerful political patrons and they powerful political patrons and they powerful political patrons and they fight a war um over this issue and it fight a war um over this issue and it fight a war um over this issue and it ends with something called the peace of ends with something called the peace of ends with something called the peace of Augsburg which divides um the Holy Roman Augsburg which divides um the Holy Roman Augsburg which divides um the Holy Roman Empire Germany into uh Lutheran uh areas Empire Germany into uh Lutheran uh areas Empire Germany into uh Lutheran uh areas where they are free to believe in where they are free to believe in where they are free to believe in Lutheran and Catholic areas where they Lutheran and Catholic areas where they Lutheran and Catholic areas where they still adhere to the pope. Okay. So this still adhere to the pope. Okay. So this still adhere to the pope. Okay. So this is the beginning of the Protestant is the beginning of the Protestant is the beginning of the Protestant Reformation. Reformation. Reformation. um J Martin Luther um starts um this um J Martin Luther um starts um this um J Martin Luther um starts um this doctrinal debate and John Calvin also doctrinal debate and John Calvin also doctrinal debate and John Calvin also contributes to it by introducing the contributes to it by introducing the contributes to it by introducing the idea of double idea of double idea of double predestination. All right. So Martin predestination. All right. So Martin predestination. All right. So Martin Luther he wants to reform the church and Luther he wants to reform the church and Luther he wants to reform the church and and then he eventually realizes that he and then he eventually realizes that he and then he eventually realizes that he needs to build another church. But John needs to build another church. But John needs to build another church. But John Calvin with his idea of pre double Calvin with his idea of pre double Calvin with his idea of pre double predestination, he's trying to he's predestination, he's trying to he's predestination, he's trying to he's trying to deny the authority of the trying to deny the authority of the trying to deny the authority of the church. Okay? He's telling people that church. Okay? He's telling people that church. Okay? He's telling people that because God has already decided who will because God has already decided who will because God has already decided who will go to heaven at the beginning of time go to heaven at the beginning of time go to heaven at the beginning of time and the church is lying to you. The and the church is lying to you. The and the church is lying to you. The church is fooling you, deluding you. church is fooling you, deluding you. church is fooling you, deluding you. Okay? All right. So, uh he's a Okay? All right. So, uh he's a Okay? All right. So, uh he's a Frenchman. He went to the suborn the Frenchman. He went to the suborn the Frenchman. He went to the suborn the University of Paris. And as you can University of Paris. And as you can University of Paris. And as you can imagine, he's deemed a heretic and he fi imagine, he's deemed a heretic and he fi imagine, he's deemed a heretic and he fi and he flees to a place called Geneva in and he flees to a place called Geneva in and he flees to a place called Geneva in Switzerland. And Switzerland is one of Switzerland. And Switzerland is one of Switzerland. And Switzerland is one of the birth places of the Protestant the birth places of the Protestant the birth places of the Protestant Reformation. The reason why is um there Reformation. The reason why is um there Reformation. The reason why is um there are a lot of independent towns in are a lot of independent towns in are a lot of independent towns in Switzerland and as I mentioned um the Switzerland and as I mentioned um the Switzerland and as I mentioned um the first believers in the Protestant first believers in the Protestant first believers in the Protestant religion are actually towns people. religion are actually towns people. religion are actually towns people. That's aspirational middle class. Okay, That's aspirational middle class. Okay, That's aspirational middle class. Okay, they want they want to be connected with they want they want to be connected with they want they want to be connected with God. They want a religion that God. They want a religion that God. They want a religion that encourages them to achieve more in life encourages them to achieve more in life encourages them to achieve more in life and that's what the Protestant religion and that's what the Protestant religion and that's what the Protestant religion is is is about. Um there's also another uh famous about. Um there's also another uh famous about. Um there's also another uh famous theologian that's really not not theologian that's really not not theologian that's really not not discussed today, but he's considered one discussed today, but he's considered one discussed today, but he's considered one of the three major founders of of the three major founders of of the three major founders of Protestantism. His name is Eric Zingli Protestantism. His name is Eric Zingli Protestantism. His name is Eric Zingli and he's based in Zurich. Okay. And he's and he's based in Zurich. Okay. And he's and he's based in Zurich. Okay. And he's probably the most extreme of the three. Okay. All right. So, the three. Okay. All right. So, the Protestant Reformation, it opens a can Protestant Reformation, it opens a can Protestant Reformation, it opens a can of worms. It opens a Pandora's box of worms. It opens a Pandora's box of worms. It opens a Pandora's box because before the ultimate authority because before the ultimate authority because before the ultimate authority was the pope who represented God, but was the pope who represented God, but was the pope who represented God, but now you're free to believe whatever you now you're free to believe whatever you now you're free to believe whatever you want. So, um there are lots of peasants want. So, um there are lots of peasants want. So, um there are lots of peasants who rebelled against nobility because who rebelled against nobility because who rebelled against nobility because they thought that feudalism was evil in they thought that feudalism was evil in they thought that feudalism was evil in the eyes of God. Okay. Okay, so this is the eyes of God. Okay. Okay, so this is the eyes of God. Okay. Okay, so this is a a a protocommunist movement. These are protocommunist movement. These are protocommunist movement. These are people who wanted total equality and people who wanted total equality and people who wanted total equality and democracy and freedom in the world democracy and freedom in the world democracy and freedom in the world because they believe that is the will of because they believe that is the will of because they believe that is the will of God. Okay? So they rebel against the God. Okay? So they rebel against the God. Okay? So they rebel against the feudal lords that kill them and then the feudal lords that kill them and then the feudal lords that kill them and then the entire uh monarchy unite the sarcas entire uh monarchy unite the sarcas entire uh monarchy unite the sarcas because they see this see these peasants because they see this see these peasants because they see this see these peasants as a threat. Okay. Now there are lots of as a threat. Okay. Now there are lots of as a threat. Okay. Now there are lots of these peasants. We estimate maybe about these peasants. We estimate maybe about these peasants. We estimate maybe about 300,000 joining this rebellion, but they 300,000 joining this rebellion, but they 300,000 joining this rebellion, but they are not educated. They are not are not educated. They are not are not educated. They are not organized. They have no organized. They have no organized. They have no weapons and they have no centralized weapons and they have no centralized weapons and they have no centralized authority and therefore they're all authority and therefore they're all authority and therefore they're all massacred by uh the aostatic armies. massacred by uh the aostatic armies. massacred by uh the aostatic armies. Okay. All right. So this is the peasants Okay. All right. So this is the peasants Okay. All right. So this is the peasants war and this is important because war and this is important because war and this is important because eventually we will discuss communism and eventually we will discuss communism and eventually we will discuss communism and communism will be developed in response communism will be developed in response communism will be developed in response to the peasants war. Okay. So this is to the peasants war. Okay. So this is to the peasants war. Okay. So this is the deadliest massacre of peasants the deadliest massacre of peasants the deadliest massacre of peasants before the French revolution. Um 1534 is the act of revolution. Um 1534 is the act of supremacy. That is when the king of supremacy. That is when the king of supremacy. That is when the king of England Henry VII declares his England Henry VII declares his England Henry VII declares his independence from the pope. Okay. But independence from the pope. Okay. But independence from the pope. Okay. But because there's such a strong Catholic because there's such a strong Catholic because there's such a strong Catholic contingent in England, contingent in England, contingent in England, um Henry VII maintains Catholic um Henry VII maintains Catholic um Henry VII maintains Catholic practices. But rather than have pope be practices. But rather than have pope be practices. But rather than have pope be at the head of the church, he himself is at the head of the church, he himself is at the head of the church, he himself is now head of the church. Okay? It's now head of the church. Okay? It's now head of the church. Okay? It's called the church of England now. And called the church of England now. And called the church of England now. And the relig religion is called uh England the relig religion is called uh England the relig religion is called uh England the Anglican religion. Okay. The the Anglican religion. Okay. The the Anglican religion. Okay. The Anglican religion. All Anglican religion. All Anglican religion. All right. Um so the thing that we should right. Um so the thing that we should right. Um so the thing that we should observe about the reformation is that observe about the reformation is that observe about the reformation is that first of all it's extremely diverse. first of all it's extremely diverse. first of all it's extremely diverse. Okay. There are lots of different Okay. There are lots of different Okay. There are lots of different denominations. The Lutheran are those denominations. The Lutheran are those denominations. The Lutheran are those who believe uh in Martin Luther. Okay. who believe uh in Martin Luther. Okay. who believe uh in Martin Luther. Okay. The Calvinists are those who believe in The Calvinists are those who believe in The Calvinists are those who believe in double double double predestination. The Anglicans are predestination. The Anglicans are predestination. The Anglicans are English who still follow Catholic English who still follow Catholic English who still follow Catholic rituals but rather than follow the pope rituals but rather than follow the pope rituals but rather than follow the pope they follow the king of England. Okay. they follow the king of England. Okay. they follow the king of England. Okay. The Husides are those who adhere to Jane The Husides are those who adhere to Jane The Husides are those who adhere to Jane Husse in Bohemia. The Unitarians are Husse in Bohemia. The Unitarians are Husse in Bohemia. The Unitarians are interesting. The Unitarians are those interesting. The Unitarians are those interesting. The Unitarians are those who deny the divinity of Jesus. They who deny the divinity of Jesus. They who deny the divinity of Jesus. They deny the Holy Trinity. God is God and deny the Holy Trinity. God is God and deny the Holy Trinity. God is God and Jesus is just the Messiah. He's just a Jesus is just the Messiah. He's just a Jesus is just the Messiah. He's just a prophet of God. Okay? So, they affirm prophet of God. Okay? So, they affirm prophet of God. Okay? So, they affirm the moral teachings of Jesus, but they the moral teachings of Jesus, but they the moral teachings of Jesus, but they deny his divinity. You also have uh the deny his divinity. You also have uh the deny his divinity. You also have uh the Anabaptists. Okay? The Anabaptists are Anabaptists. Okay? The Anabaptists are Anabaptists. Okay? The Anabaptists are interesting as well because they believe interesting as well because they believe interesting as well because they believe that to truly believe in God, you must that to truly believe in God, you must that to truly believe in God, you must choose to do so. Therefore, you must not choose to do so. Therefore, you must not choose to do so. Therefore, you must not baptize infants because when you do so, baptize infants because when you do so, baptize infants because when you do so, you force children to believe in God you force children to believe in God you force children to believe in God even though they themselves lack the even though they themselves lack the even though they themselves lack the capacity, lack the reason to believe in capacity, lack the reason to believe in capacity, lack the reason to believe in God. Okay? So only adults can join the God. Okay? So only adults can join the God. Okay? So only adults can join the faith and they must do so voluntarily. faith and they must do so voluntarily. faith and they must do so voluntarily. All right. So, as you can see, there's All right. So, as you can see, there's All right. So, as you can see, there's tremendous um divergence. There's tremendous um divergence. There's tremendous um divergence. There's tremendous diversity within the tremendous diversity within the tremendous diversity within the Protestant uh faith and it still still Protestant uh faith and it still still Protestant uh faith and it still still continues today. Okay. Every day you continues today. Okay. Every day you continues today. Okay. Every day you have new denominations opening up have new denominations opening up have new denominations opening up because people are interpreting the because people are interpreting the because people are interpreting the Bible differently. The another thing Bible differently. The another thing Bible differently. The another thing that you will notice is that most of that you will notice is that most of that you will notice is that most of Protestants are actually located in Protestants are actually located in Protestants are actually located in Northern Northern Northern Europe, right? So the countries of Europe, right? So the countries of Europe, right? So the countries of England, Germany, uh the Nordic England, Germany, uh the Nordic England, Germany, uh the Nordic countries, Switzerland, they will go countries, Switzerland, they will go countries, Switzerland, they will go Protestant. And in the south, um France, Protestant. And in the south, um France, Protestant. And in the south, um France, Spain, Italy, they will remain Catholic. Spain, Italy, they will remain Catholic. Spain, Italy, they will remain Catholic. The only exception is this, the south of The only exception is this, the south of The only exception is this, the south of France, okay, the south of France, the France, okay, the south of France, the France, okay, the south of France, the south of France will turn Protestant. south of France will turn Protestant. south of France will turn Protestant. It's interesting for us because if you It's interesting for us because if you It's interesting for us because if you look at a map, okay, the Protestant uh look at a map, okay, the Protestant uh look at a map, okay, the Protestant uh French are heavily centered in the south French are heavily centered in the south French are heavily centered in the south of France. And if you remember from last of France. And if you remember from last of France. And if you remember from last week, that's where the Caththers are week, that's where the Caththers are week, that's where the Caththers are also located. Okay. So, some historians also located. Okay. So, some historians also located. Okay. So, some historians believe that um Protestantism um and believe that um Protestantism um and believe that um Protestantism um and Cath and Catharism, they sort of mingle Cath and Catharism, they sort of mingle Cath and Catharism, they sort of mingle together. They combine and became together. They combine and became together. They combine and became conflated together. Okay. Other conflated together. Okay. Other conflated together. Okay. Other historians believe that it's because historians believe that it's because historians believe that it's because that culturally the south of France that culturally the south of France that culturally the south of France because it's um it's it's like because it's um it's it's like because it's um it's it's like surrounded by mountains. It's always surrounded by mountains. It's always surrounded by mountains. It's always been culturally been culturally been culturally independent of um the rest of French. independent of um the rest of French. independent of um the rest of French. They speak a local language called uh They speak a local language called uh They speak a local language called uh proven which is different from uh proven which is different from uh proven which is different from uh French. Okay. um these Protestants in French in sorry um these Protestants in French in sorry these Protestants in France um they're these Protestants in France um they're these Protestants in France um they're mainly the middle class they're mainly the middle class they're mainly the middle class they're extremely well educated they become very extremely well educated they become very extremely well educated they become very prosperous and they're joined by the prosperous and they're joined by the prosperous and they're joined by the nobility and as such the king of France nobility and as such the king of France nobility and as such the king of France and France is right now the most and France is right now the most and France is right now the most powerful country in Europe the king of powerful country in Europe the king of powerful country in Europe the king of France sees him as a threat and so what France sees him as a threat and so what France sees him as a threat and so what he'll do is he'll um kill some of the he'll do is he'll um kill some of the he'll do is he'll um kill some of the nobles which launches the St. Barflu nobles which launches the St. Barflu nobles which launches the St. Barflu days massacre in 1572. Okay, that's a days massacre in 1572. Okay, that's a days massacre in 1572. Okay, that's a day when tens of thousands of French day when tens of thousands of French day when tens of thousands of French Protestants called Hugenats were killed Protestants called Hugenats were killed Protestants called Hugenats were killed and this will start a process by which and this will start a process by which and this will start a process by which these Hugenats extremely well educated, these Hugenats extremely well educated, these Hugenats extremely well educated, extremely hardworking, extremely extremely hardworking, extremely extremely hardworking, extremely wealthy, they will move to Protestant wealthy, they will move to Protestant wealthy, they will move to Protestant countries like England and the countries like England and the countries like England and the Netherlands and Germany and they will Netherlands and Germany and they will Netherlands and Germany and they will help these countries jumpstart the help these countries jumpstart the help these countries jumpstart the industrial revolution. Okay, they will industrial revolution. Okay, they will industrial revolution. Okay, they will bring their expertise bring their expertise bring their expertise um and they will help these countries um and they will help these countries um and they will help these countries jumpst start the industrial revolution. jumpst start the industrial revolution. jumpst start the industrial revolution. So this is a tremendous loss for France, So this is a tremendous loss for France, So this is a tremendous loss for France, tremendous gain for um the other tremendous gain for um the other tremendous gain for um the other Protestant Protestant Protestant nations. Okay. So um nations. Okay. So um nations. Okay. So um eventually Europe is divided into two eventually Europe is divided into two eventually Europe is divided into two major factions. The Catholic faction and major factions. The Catholic faction and major factions. The Catholic faction and the Protestant faction. And these two the Protestant faction. And these two the Protestant faction. And these two factions will eventually engage in factions will eventually engage in factions will eventually engage in something called the 30 years war. Okay, something called the 30 years war. Okay, something called the 30 years war. Okay, between the Hatsburgs, okay, the Holy between the Hatsburgs, okay, the Holy between the Hatsburgs, okay, the Holy Roman Empire was supported by the Pope Roman Empire was supported by the Pope Roman Empire was supported by the Pope versus basically the infinite states of versus basically the infinite states of versus basically the infinite states of um Germany. Okay, and this is a war that um Germany. Okay, and this is a war that um Germany. Okay, and this is a war that will last exactly 30 years and again it will last exactly 30 years and again it will last exactly 30 years and again it will kill at most 8 million people. It will kill at most 8 million people. It will kill at most 8 million people. It is the deadliest war in European history is the deadliest war in European history is the deadliest war in European history um up until World War I. Uh what's um up until World War I. Uh what's um up until World War I. Uh what's interesting about this war is that interesting about this war is that interesting about this war is that France, which is Catholic, chooses to France, which is Catholic, chooses to France, which is Catholic, chooses to join the Protestants in this war because join the Protestants in this war because join the Protestants in this war because they see the Holy Roman Empire as an they see the Holy Roman Empire as an they see the Holy Roman Empire as an imperial threat. They're afraid that if imperial threat. They're afraid that if imperial threat. They're afraid that if they allow the Hapsburgs to take over they allow the Hapsburgs to take over they allow the Hapsburgs to take over Germany, then eventually they will Germany, then eventually they will Germany, then eventually they will swallow up France. Okay. So, it was a swallow up France. Okay. So, it was a swallow up France. Okay. So, it was a religious war, but it was also a religious war, but it was also a religious war, but it was also a geopolitical and imperial war. All geopolitical and imperial war. All geopolitical and imperial war. All right. And again um this war ends with right. And again um this war ends with right. And again um this war ends with the treaty of Westfailia which the treaty of Westfailia which the treaty of Westfailia which guarantees religious freedom in Europe. guarantees religious freedom in Europe. guarantees religious freedom in Europe. Okay. So the the religious wars will end Okay. So the the religious wars will end Okay. So the the religious wars will end and Protestant religion will now be free and Protestant religion will now be free and Protestant religion will now be free developed um independently. Okay. So this is called independently. Okay. So this is called the peace of the peace of the peace of Westfailia. Okay. So um now let's Westfailia. Okay. So um now let's Westfailia. Okay. So um now let's summarize and let's um discuss the summarize and let's um discuss the summarize and let's um discuss the evidence for my argument that the evidence for my argument that the evidence for my argument that the protestant reformation gave birth to protestant reformation gave birth to protestant reformation gave birth to capitalism. Okay. So um these are the capitalism. Okay. So um these are the capitalism. Okay. So um these are the three major differences between the three major differences between the three major differences between the Catholic religion and the protestant Catholic religion and the protestant Catholic religion and the protestant religion. The question then is why is it religion. The question then is why is it religion. The question then is why is it that the north will become really that the north will become really that the north will become really Protestant and the south of Europe will Protestant and the south of Europe will Protestant and the south of Europe will become will stay mainly Catholic. Okay. become will stay mainly Catholic. Okay. become will stay mainly Catholic. Okay. Um so one thing that we discussed in Um so one thing that we discussed in Um so one thing that we discussed in this class is the persistence of this class is the persistence of this class is the persistence of culture. So is it so again no one knows culture. So is it so again no one knows culture. So is it so again no one knows why this is the case. Okay. And you'll why this is the case. Okay. And you'll why this is the case. Okay. And you'll hear different arguments. It could have hear different arguments. It could have hear different arguments. It could have been weather. It could have been uh been weather. It could have been uh been weather. It could have been uh personality. It it could have been a lot personality. It it could have been a lot personality. It it could have been a lot of different factors. Okay. But one of different factors. Okay. But one of different factors. Okay. But one possibility I I want to present to you possibility I I want to present to you possibility I I want to present to you today is the cultural factor which is today is the cultural factor which is today is the cultural factor which is that the south of France and the north that the south of France and the north that the south of France and the north of France are culturally different. All of France are culturally different. All of France are culturally different. All right. So let's look at south of France. right. So let's look at south of France. right. So let's look at south of France. South sorry south of Europe. The South sorry south of Europe. The South sorry south of Europe. The southern Europe countries of Spain, southern Europe countries of Spain, southern Europe countries of Spain, France and Italy were heavily influenced France and Italy were heavily influenced France and Italy were heavily influenced by Roman culture. That's where the Roman by Roman culture. That's where the Roman by Roman culture. That's where the Roman Empire was based, right? The Roman Empire was based, right? The Roman Empire was based, right? The Roman Empire eventually became an imperial Empire eventually became an imperial Empire eventually became an imperial bureaucracy. There are three core values bureaucracy. There are three core values bureaucracy. There are three core values to the Romans, right? Liberty. Now to the Romans, right? Liberty. Now to the Romans, right? Liberty. Now liberty, this is really important. It liberty, this is really important. It liberty, this is really important. It means obedience to the law. Because only means obedience to the law. Because only means obedience to the law. Because only by obeying the law can people be free to by obeying the law can people be free to by obeying the law can people be free to do what they want. Okay. Second is the do what they want. Okay. Second is the do what they want. Okay. Second is the idea of republica. Republica means idea of republica. Republica means idea of republica. Republica means public virtue to serve the public good public virtue to serve the public good public virtue to serve the public good which basically means obeying what the which basically means obeying what the which basically means obeying what the Senate tells you to do. Okay? Obeying Senate tells you to do. Okay? Obeying Senate tells you to do. Okay? Obeying authority. And the last is idea of piety authority. And the last is idea of piety authority. And the last is idea of piety which is to respect the customs and which is to respect the customs and which is to respect the customs and history and traditions of Rome. Okay. history and traditions of Rome. Okay. history and traditions of Rome. Okay. Okay, so these are the three major Okay, so these are the three major Okay, so these are the three major values of the values of the values of the Romans and we can believe that they're Romans and we can believe that they're Romans and we can believe that they're they become embedded in the south of they become embedded in the south of they become embedded in the south of Europe. Now let's look at Viking Europe. Now let's look at Viking Europe. Now let's look at Viking culture, okay? And when I say Vikings, I culture, okay? And when I say Vikings, I culture, okay? And when I say Vikings, I don't really mean Vikings per se. What I don't really mean Vikings per se. What I don't really mean Vikings per se. What I really mean are those protoindo-uropeans really mean are those protoindo-uropeans really mean are those protoindo-uropeans that never really assimilated into Roman that never really assimilated into Roman that never really assimilated into Roman culture, right? So what are their culture, right? So what are their culture, right? So what are their values? Well, they believe in courage. values? Well, they believe in courage. values? Well, they believe in courage. They believe in loyalty and they believe They believe in loyalty and they believe They believe in loyalty and they believe in re resourcefulness. Okay? And we in re resourcefulness. Okay? And we in re resourcefulness. Okay? And we discussed this when we discussed the discussed this when we discussed the discussed this when we discussed the Vikings. Now, what we're going to do is Vikings. Now, what we're going to do is Vikings. Now, what we're going to do is this. We're going to map Catholic belief this. We're going to map Catholic belief this. We're going to map Catholic belief with Romans and we're going to map with Romans and we're going to map with Romans and we're going to map Viking belief with the Protestants and Viking belief with the Protestants and Viking belief with the Protestants and see what happens. Okay. So, the see what happens. Okay. So, the see what happens. Okay. So, the Catholics, they believe in orthodoxy, Catholics, they believe in orthodoxy, Catholics, they believe in orthodoxy, right? Well, the Romans also believe in right? Well, the Romans also believe in right? Well, the Romans also believe in orthodoxy. They call it liberty, right? orthodoxy. They call it liberty, right? orthodoxy. They call it liberty, right? Obedience to laws. Don't question laws, Obedience to laws. Don't question laws, Obedience to laws. Don't question laws, just obey them. Um, Catholics believe in just obey them. Um, Catholics believe in just obey them. Um, Catholics believe in hierarchy. Well, Romans believe in hierarchy. Well, Romans believe in hierarchy. Well, Romans believe in hierarchy as well. They believe in hierarchy as well. They believe in hierarchy as well. They believe in obeying the Senate. The Senate is the obeying the Senate. The Senate is the obeying the Senate. The Senate is the ultimate authority, right? Uh Catholics ultimate authority, right? Uh Catholics ultimate authority, right? Uh Catholics believe in justification by works. Uh believe in justification by works. Uh believe in justification by works. Uh the Romans believe in piety, right? the Romans believe in piety, right? the Romans believe in piety, right? Respecting tradition. You don't have to Respecting tradition. You don't have to Respecting tradition. You don't have to believe in these traditions, but you believe in these traditions, but you believe in these traditions, but you must respect them. All right? So, this must respect them. All right? So, this must respect them. All right? So, this is pretty close. I mean, it's not is pretty close. I mean, it's not is pretty close. I mean, it's not perfect. All right? But this suggests perfect. All right? But this suggests perfect. All right? But this suggests that uh Roman culture had a tremendous that uh Roman culture had a tremendous that uh Roman culture had a tremendous influence on development of the Catholic influence on development of the Catholic influence on development of the Catholic Church. Now, let's look at the pro the Church. Now, let's look at the pro the Church. Now, let's look at the pro the Protestants. Okay, they believed in Protestants. Okay, they believed in Protestants. Okay, they believed in direct access to God through the Bible. direct access to God through the Bible. direct access to God through the Bible. Well, the Vikings believed in courage. Well, the Vikings believed in courage. Well, the Vikings believed in courage. What is courage? Courage is ex What is courage? Courage is ex What is courage? Courage is ex selfexloration to go out into the selfexloration to go out into the selfexloration to go out into the unknown and figure out things for unknown and figure out things for unknown and figure out things for yourself. Okay? And that's what the yourself. Okay? And that's what the yourself. Okay? And that's what the Bible is. That's what faith is. To read Bible is. That's what faith is. To read Bible is. That's what faith is. To read the Bible by yourself and to interpret the Bible by yourself and to interpret the Bible by yourself and to interpret the Bible in your own way and you have the Bible in your own way and you have the Bible in your own way and you have to do so using emotional and spiritual to do so using emotional and spiritual to do so using emotional and spiritual courage. All right. Egotarianism. courage. All right. Egotarianism. courage. All right. Egotarianism. So the Vikings had a concept of loyalty So the Vikings had a concept of loyalty So the Vikings had a concept of loyalty and loyalty is basically the idea of and loyalty is basically the idea of and loyalty is basically the idea of mutual love. I'm loyal to you and you're mutual love. I'm loyal to you and you're mutual love. I'm loyal to you and you're loyal back to me because we love each loyal back to me because we love each loyal back to me because we love each other. All right. And the last concept other. All right. And the last concept other. All right. And the last concept is justification by faith and individual is justification by faith and individual is justification by faith and individual struggle to come to terms with what God struggle to come to terms with what God struggle to come to terms with what God means to you individually. Okay. And uh means to you individually. Okay. And uh means to you individually. Okay. And uh Vikings believed in resourcefulness, Vikings believed in resourcefulness, Vikings believed in resourcefulness, right? Which is also the idea of right? Which is also the idea of right? Which is also the idea of individual struggle. you can figure out individual struggle. you can figure out individual struggle. you can figure out by yourself if you work hard enough, if by yourself if you work hard enough, if by yourself if you work hard enough, if you will yourself, you have the courage you will yourself, you have the courage you will yourself, you have the courage to do so. Okay? So again, to do so. Okay? So again, to do so. Okay? So again, um I leave this as a possibility. Okay? um I leave this as a possibility. Okay? um I leave this as a possibility. Okay? Don't don't treat this as a historical Don't don't treat this as a historical Don't don't treat this as a historical fact. I just suggest this as a way to fact. I just suggest this as a way to fact. I just suggest this as a way to think about why the Protestants became think about why the Protestants became think about why the Protestants became Protestants, the Catholics became Protestants, the Catholics became Protestants, the Catholics became Catholics. Okay? And a lot of it has to Catholics. Okay? And a lot of it has to Catholics. Okay? And a lot of it has to do with the cultural residue from the do with the cultural residue from the do with the cultural residue from the past. Okay? All right. So this this is past. Okay? All right. So this this is past. Okay? All right. So this this is just a thought experiment. All right. So just a thought experiment. All right. So just a thought experiment. All right. So let's talk now talk about why is it that let's talk now talk about why is it that let's talk now talk about why is it that the Protestant Reformation won out the Protestant Reformation won out the Protestant Reformation won out again. They were up against the R uh the again. They were up against the R uh the again. They were up against the R uh the Holy Roman Empire. They they were up Holy Roman Empire. They they were up Holy Roman Empire. They they were up against Catholic Church. Um there were against Catholic Church. Um there were against Catholic Church. Um there were more people in Catholic Europe. Catholic more people in Catholic Europe. Catholic more people in Catholic Europe. Catholic Europe was wealthier and stronger. But Europe was wealthier and stronger. But Europe was wealthier and stronger. But they still won. Okay. And the reason why they still won. Okay. And the reason why they still won. Okay. And the reason why they won is due to the invention of they won is due to the invention of they won is due to the invention of three things. The first thing is the three things. The first thing is the three things. The first thing is the printing press which allowed for mass printing press which allowed for mass printing press which allowed for mass literacy and education. Now everyone literacy and education. Now everyone literacy and education. Now everyone could read the Bible. Before you could read the Bible. Before you could read the Bible. Before you couldn't do so, you couldn't afford a couldn't do so, you couldn't afford a couldn't do so, you couldn't afford a Bible. But now everyone can read the Bible. But now everyone can read the Bible. But now everyone can read the Bible. But not only that, but but Bible. But not only that, but but Bible. But not only that, but but everyone can now become self-educated. everyone can now become self-educated. everyone can now become self-educated. You can read all the classics by You can read all the classics by You can read all the classics by yourself. Okay? And the Protestant yourself. Okay? And the Protestant yourself. Okay? And the Protestant religion compelled you to be literate religion compelled you to be literate religion compelled you to be literate and to be educated. And as such the and to be educated. And as such the and to be educated. And as such the Protestants as a whole were more well Protestants as a whole were more well Protestants as a whole were more well educated than the Catholics. Okay, educated than the Catholics. Okay, educated than the Catholics. Okay, that's the first reason. Second reason that's the first reason. Second reason that's the first reason. Second reason is the musket. This is really important. is the musket. This is really important. is the musket. This is really important. Before uh the main weapon, the ultimate Before uh the main weapon, the ultimate Before uh the main weapon, the ultimate weapon was the knight, the armor knight. weapon was the knight, the armor knight. weapon was the knight, the armor knight. And the armor knight was a professional And the armor knight was a professional And the armor knight was a professional soldier, right? And that's where the soldier, right? And that's where the soldier, right? And that's where the knights were the nobility because you knights were the nobility because you knights were the nobility because you have to spend all their time uh training have to spend all their time uh training have to spend all their time uh training for war, going to war, fighting wars. for war, going to war, fighting wars. for war, going to war, fighting wars. Um, and it's very expensive to be a Um, and it's very expensive to be a Um, and it's very expensive to be a knight. But now eventually you have the knight. But now eventually you have the knight. But now eventually you have the gun, the musket. Okay? And it takes gun, the musket. Okay? And it takes gun, the musket. Okay? And it takes about 60 days for anyone to learn how to about 60 days for anyone to learn how to about 60 days for anyone to learn how to use the musket. And the musket is the use the musket. And the musket is the use the musket. And the musket is the thing about the musket that's really thing about the musket that's really thing about the musket that's really important is it's able to pierce the important is it's able to pierce the important is it's able to pierce the armor of the knight, which makes which armor of the knight, which makes which armor of the knight, which makes which makes the knight useless in war. Now, makes the knight useless in war. Now, makes the knight useless in war. Now, okay, it's a musket that uh is okay, it's a musket that uh is okay, it's a musket that uh is important. So in other words, anyone who important. So in other words, anyone who important. So in other words, anyone who has courage and devotion, meaning mainly has courage and devotion, meaning mainly has courage and devotion, meaning mainly the Protestants, they're able to fight a the Protestants, they're able to fight a the Protestants, they're able to fight a war and the musket will be vital. It war and the musket will be vital. It war and the musket will be vital. It will be crucial for both the American will be crucial for both the American will be crucial for both the American Revolution and the French Revolution. Revolution and the French Revolution. Revolution and the French Revolution. Okay? And we'll we'll discuss the musket Okay? And we'll we'll discuss the musket Okay? And we'll we'll discuss the musket when we get to the American Revolution when we get to the American Revolution when we get to the American Revolution and the French Revolution. The last and the French Revolution. The last and the French Revolution. The last thing is that of banknotes. thing is that of banknotes. thing is that of banknotes. Okay? Before uh people use gold or coins Okay? Before uh people use gold or coins Okay? Before uh people use gold or coins that were mitted with gold in order to that were mitted with gold in order to that were mitted with gold in order to trade goods. Not only you can use bank trade goods. Not only you can use bank trade goods. Not only you can use bank notes which is just money. Okay. Um and notes which is just money. Okay. Um and notes which is just money. Okay. Um and you can now monetize your hard work and you can now monetize your hard work and you can now monetize your hard work and frugality. You can now channel your hard frugality. You can now channel your hard frugality. You can now channel your hard work and frugality into bank notes. work and frugality into bank notes. work and frugality into bank notes. What's really important now is there's What's really important now is there's What's really important now is there's only a finite number of gold and coins, only a finite number of gold and coins, only a finite number of gold and coins, right? But there's an infinite source of right? But there's an infinite source of right? But there's an infinite source of banknotes. So you can work infinitely banknotes. So you can work infinitely banknotes. So you can work infinitely hard. Okay. So, so what this means is hard. Okay. So, so what this means is hard. Okay. So, so what this means is um before the process reformation, it um before the process reformation, it um before the process reformation, it was really hard to get people to work was really hard to get people to work was really hard to get people to work hard because let's just say that you are hard because let's just say that you are hard because let's just say that you are an employer and you want to be like, an employer and you want to be like, an employer and you want to be like, okay, I'm going to pay people more, okay, I'm going to pay people more, okay, I'm going to pay people more, right? But when you pay people more, right? But when you pay people more, right? But when you pay people more, they actually work less because they they actually work less because they they actually work less because they can't spend that money. They're like, can't spend that money. They're like, can't spend that money. They're like, well, you know, if I have to work eight well, you know, if I have to work eight well, you know, if I have to work eight hours a day to make $100, but now I work hours a day to make $100, but now I work hours a day to make $100, but now I work $2 two hours a day to work to make $100. $2 two hours a day to work to make $100. $2 two hours a day to work to make $100. I'll just make I'll just make I'll just I'll just make I'll just make I'll just I'll just make I'll just make I'll just work two hours. So we actually work work two hours. So we actually work work two hours. So we actually work less. And in this system, slavery makes less. And in this system, slavery makes less. And in this system, slavery makes sense because sense because sense because um the way to get people to work hard is um the way to get people to work hard is um the way to get people to work hard is to force them into eternal debt, which to force them into eternal debt, which to force them into eternal debt, which is what slavery is. But in this new is what slavery is. But in this new is what slavery is. But in this new Protestant system, then slavery is an Protestant system, then slavery is an Protestant system, then slavery is an evil because you're denying people the evil because you're denying people the evil because you're denying people the capacity to be with God, right? You are capacity to be with God, right? You are capacity to be with God, right? You are with God if you work hard. But if you're with God if you work hard. But if you're with God if you work hard. But if you're a slave, how do you measure the hard a slave, how do you measure the hard a slave, how do you measure the hard work? You you're not able to work hard. work? You you're not able to work hard. work? You you're not able to work hard. And that's why um after the pos And that's why um after the pos And that's why um after the pos reformation, one of the main things that reformation, one of the main things that reformation, one of the main things that they did was eventually outlaw slavery. they did was eventually outlaw slavery. they did was eventually outlaw slavery. Okay, so there are lots of good things Okay, so there are lots of good things Okay, so there are lots of good things about about the Protestant Reformation. about about the Protestant Reformation. about about the Protestant Reformation. You have the industrial revolution. You You have the industrial revolution. You You have the industrial revolution. You have the end of slavery. You have the have the end of slavery. You have the have the end of slavery. You have the rise of capitalism. You have the rise of rise of capitalism. You have the rise of rise of capitalism. You have the rise of the middle class. You have lots of the middle class. You have lots of the middle class. You have lots of really good things, but there's also no really good things, but there's also no really good things, but there's also no denying that there are some bad effects denying that there are some bad effects denying that there are some bad effects as well. Okay. All as well. Okay. All as well. Okay. All right. So, this is a printing pressed by right. So, this is a printing pressed by right. So, this is a printing pressed by Gutenberg. Gutenberg. Gutenberg. This this is what a printing press looks This this is what a printing press looks This this is what a printing press looks like. You have the musket. Okay. So, like. You have the musket. Okay. So, like. You have the musket. Okay. So, before people had before people had before people had bows, right? And the bows um were used bows, right? And the bows um were used bows, right? And the bows um were used by trained archers and they weren't that by trained archers and they weren't that by trained archers and they weren't that powerful. But now with the musket, powerful. But now with the musket, powerful. But now with the musket, you're able to pierce knight armor. you're able to pierce knight armor. you're able to pierce knight armor. Okay? Because there's more energy. Okay? Because there's more energy. Okay? Because there's more energy. uh 3,100 jewels within the uh 3,100 jewels within the uh 3,100 jewels within the bullet and then you have bank notes as bullet and then you have bank notes as bullet and then you have bank notes as well and banknotes really is the well and banknotes really is the well and banknotes really is the exception of wealth. Okay, which means exception of wealth. Okay, which means exception of wealth. Okay, which means that in theory now you could have that in theory now you could have that in theory now you could have infinite wealth. Why why are we so infinite wealth. Why why are we so infinite wealth. Why why are we so wealthy today? Because we because we wealthy today? Because we because we wealthy today? Because we because we abstracted wealth. Okay, before wealth abstracted wealth. Okay, before wealth abstracted wealth. Okay, before wealth was limited because was limited because was limited because um gold was limited but now with bank um gold was limited but now with bank um gold was limited but now with bank notes with money in theory wealth can be notes with money in theory wealth can be notes with money in theory wealth can be infinite. Okay. Okay. Okay. So this is John Wes Wesley who is Okay. So this is John Wes Wesley who is Okay. So this is John Wes Wesley who is the founder of the Methodist church. the founder of the Methodist church. the founder of the Methodist church. Okay. And he summarizes Okay. And he summarizes Okay. And he summarizes the idea of prois Protestantism really the idea of prois Protestantism really the idea of prois Protestantism really well. We ought not to prevent people well. We ought not to prevent people well. We ought not to prevent people from being diligent and frugal. We must from being diligent and frugal. We must from being diligent and frugal. We must exhort all Christians to gain all they exhort all Christians to gain all they exhort all Christians to gain all they can and to save all they can. That is in can and to save all they can. That is in can and to save all they can. That is in effect to grow rich. Right? So effect to grow rich. Right? So effect to grow rich. Right? So Protestant believe that it is God's Protestant believe that it is God's Protestant believe that it is God's calling. It is your mission to get rich calling. It is your mission to get rich calling. It is your mission to get rich and that's how you know that you're and that's how you know that you're and that's how you know that you're favored by God. All right? And the way favored by God. All right? And the way favored by God. All right? And the way to get rich is by working hard and not to get rich is by working hard and not to get rich is by working hard and not spending any money. Okay. So, what I'm going to do now is Okay. So, what I'm going to do now is present the evidence for my argument present the evidence for my argument present the evidence for my argument that the Protestant religion gave birth that the Protestant religion gave birth that the Protestant religion gave birth to capitalism. Okay. And to do so, I'm to capitalism. Okay. And to do so, I'm to capitalism. Okay. And to do so, I'm I'm going to refer to three major I'm going to refer to three major I'm going to refer to three major thinkers. Max Weber, Eml Durkham, and thinkers. Max Weber, Eml Durkham, and thinkers. Max Weber, Eml Durkham, and Jor Siml. They're all sociologists. Jor Siml. They're all sociologists. Jor Siml. They're all sociologists. They're considered three major founders They're considered three major founders They're considered three major founders of the social sciences. Okay? And they of the social sciences. Okay? And they of the social sciences. Okay? And they they're all contemporaries. They they they're all contemporaries. They they they're all contemporaries. They they were all writing about the year 1900. were all writing about the year 1900. were all writing about the year 1900. Why this is important is the year 1900 Why this is important is the year 1900 Why this is important is the year 1900 is really is really is really when the Protestant religion is most when the Protestant religion is most when the Protestant religion is most triumphant. Right? This is when triumphant. Right? This is when triumphant. Right? This is when capitalism is most dominant. Even though capitalism is most dominant. Even though capitalism is most dominant. Even though most people are not Protestants, most people are not Protestants, most people are not Protestants, Protestant um the work ethic, the belief Protestant um the work ethic, the belief Protestant um the work ethic, the belief system has conquered the world. system has conquered the world. system has conquered the world. Germany, Germany, Germany, Britain, United States are the are the Britain, United States are the are the Britain, United States are the are the three most powerful countries in the three most powerful countries in the three most powerful countries in the world at this time. They're the three world at this time. They're the three world at this time. They're the three largest empires and they're all largest empires and they're all largest empires and they're all Protestant nations and as such they can Protestant nations and as such they can Protestant nations and as such they can impose Protestant beliefs on everyone impose Protestant beliefs on everyone impose Protestant beliefs on everyone else. Okay? And in the year 1900 is also else. Okay? And in the year 1900 is also else. Okay? And in the year 1900 is also be before World War I. So at this time be before World War I. So at this time be before World War I. So at this time everyone thinks that this is the everyone thinks that this is the everyone thinks that this is the greatest thing in the world. Protestant greatest thing in the world. Protestant greatest thing in the world. Protestant Protestantism, industrial revolution, Protestantism, industrial revolution, Protestantism, industrial revolution, capitalism are all um divinely sent by capitalism are all um divinely sent by capitalism are all um divinely sent by God to bless humanity. Okay? And what God to bless humanity. Okay? And what God to bless humanity. Okay? And what Max Weber, George Simo, and EML Durkim Max Weber, George Simo, and EML Durkim Max Weber, George Simo, and EML Durkim are trying to do is figure out what's are trying to do is figure out what's are trying to do is figure out what's really going on. Okay? And to see if really going on. Okay? And to see if really going on. Okay? And to see if there are any consequences to the there are any consequences to the there are any consequences to the system. And what they will show us is in system. And what they will show us is in system. And what they will show us is in fact there are a lot of problems in this fact there are a lot of problems in this fact there are a lot of problems in this system. Okay. So let's let's first look system. Okay. So let's let's first look system. Okay. So let's let's first look at Max Max Weber who in 1904 to 1905 at Max Max Weber who in 1904 to 1905 at Max Max Weber who in 1904 to 1905 from 1905 he wrote something called the from 1905 he wrote something called the from 1905 he wrote something called the Protestant ethic and the spirit of Protestant ethic and the spirit of Protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism. He's trying to explain why capitalism. He's trying to explain why capitalism. He's trying to explain why is it that protests are a lot wealthier is it that protests are a lot wealthier is it that protests are a lot wealthier than Catholics in general. Okay. And than Catholics in general. Okay. And than Catholics in general. Okay. And this is what he has to say. this is what he has to say. this is what he has to say. So far as predestination was not So far as predestination was not So far as predestination was not reinterpreted, toned down or reinterpreted, toned down or reinterpreted, toned down or fundamentally abandoned. Okay? So fundamentally abandoned. Okay? So fundamentally abandoned. Okay? So remember double predestination, right? remember double predestination, right? remember double predestination, right? The belief that God has already selected The belief that God has already selected The belief that God has already selected those who will go to heaven and you must those who will go to heaven and you must those who will go to heaven and you must prove to yourself that you're one of prove to yourself that you're one of prove to yourself that you're one of them. Two principal mutually connected them. Two principal mutually connected them. Two principal mutually connected types of pastoral advice appear. Okay? types of pastoral advice appear. Okay? types of pastoral advice appear. Okay? So there are two consequences to the So there are two consequences to the So there are two consequences to the idea of predestination. idea of predestination. idea of predestination. On the one hand, it is held to be an On the one hand, it is held to be an On the one hand, it is held to be an absolute duty to consider oneself absolute duty to consider oneself absolute duty to consider oneself chosen. Okay? So, only a minority are chosen. Okay? So, only a minority are chosen. Okay? So, only a minority are going to heaven. The odds are you're not going to heaven. The odds are you're not going to heaven. The odds are you're not going to heaven. But you must believe going to heaven. But you must believe going to heaven. But you must believe you're going to heaven. Otherwise, you you're going to heaven. Otherwise, you you're going to heaven. Otherwise, you lack faith in God. Otherwise, you don't lack faith in God. Otherwise, you don't lack faith in God. Otherwise, you don't truly believe in God. And then and then truly believe in God. And then and then truly believe in God. And then and then therefore, you'll be truly damned, therefore, you'll be truly damned, therefore, you'll be truly damned, condemned by God. condemned by God. condemned by God. and to combat all doubts as temptations and to combat all doubts as temptations and to combat all doubts as temptations of the devil. Since lack of of the devil. Since lack of of the devil. Since lack of self-confidence is the result of self-confidence is the result of self-confidence is the result of insufficient faith, hence of imperfect insufficient faith, hence of imperfect insufficient faith, hence of imperfect grace. Okay? To prove that God is grace. Okay? To prove that God is grace. Okay? To prove that God is perfect, to prove that God loves you, perfect, to prove that God loves you, perfect, to prove that God loves you, you must truly believe that you are you must truly believe that you are you must truly believe that you are chosen by chosen by chosen by God. If you doubt yourself, then you'll God. If you doubt yourself, then you'll God. If you doubt yourself, then you'll be condemned to hell. Okay? Then you be condemned to hell. Okay? Then you be condemned to hell. Okay? Then you become a servant of the devil. The become a servant of the devil. The become a servant of the devil. The exhortation of the apostle to make fast exhortation of the apostle to make fast exhortation of the apostle to make fast one's own call is here interpreted as a one's own call is here interpreted as a one's own call is here interpreted as a duty to attain certainty of one's own duty to attain certainty of one's own duty to attain certainty of one's own election and certification in the daily election and certification in the daily election and certification in the daily struggle of life. Okay? So you need to struggle of life. Okay? So you need to struggle of life. Okay? So you need to prove that you are one elect by focusing prove that you are one elect by focusing prove that you are one elect by focusing on this world. Okay? Focus your energies on this world. Okay? Focus your energies on this world. Okay? Focus your energies on conquering this world. on conquering this world. on conquering this world. On the other hand, in order to attain On the other hand, in order to attain On the other hand, in order to attain that self-confidence, intense worldly that self-confidence, intense worldly that self-confidence, intense worldly activity is recommended as the most activity is recommended as the most activity is recommended as the most suitable means. It and it alone suitable means. It and it alone suitable means. It and it alone disperses religious doubt and gives the disperses religious doubt and gives the disperses religious doubt and gives the certainty of grace. Okay. So this idea certainty of grace. Okay. So this idea certainty of grace. Okay. So this idea of all the you have anxiety. How do you of all the you have anxiety. How do you of all the you have anxiety. How do you deal with anxiety? Work, work, work. deal with anxiety? Work, work, work. deal with anxiety? Work, work, work. Okay. OCD, obsessive compulsive Okay. OCD, obsessive compulsive Okay. OCD, obsessive compulsive behavior. What kind of work do you do? behavior. What kind of work do you do? behavior. What kind of work do you do? Make money. Because the money is proof Make money. Because the money is proof Make money. Because the money is proof of God's of God's of God's grace, right? grace, right? grace, right? Okay. So he Okay. So he Okay. So he continues there's worldly Protestant continues there's worldly Protestant continues there's worldly Protestant asetism. Okay. Asetism means like you're asetism. Okay. Asetism means like you're asetism. Okay. Asetism means like you're actually not spending any money. Okay. actually not spending any money. Okay. actually not spending any money. Okay. Not only are you compelled to make a lot Not only are you compelled to make a lot Not only are you compelled to make a lot of money but you're also compelled not of money but you're also compelled not of money but you're also compelled not to spend any of to spend any of to spend any of it, not to enjoy it because that leads it, not to enjoy it because that leads it, not to enjoy it because that leads to to to corruption that leads to corruption that leads to corruption that leads to decadence. Acted powerfully against the decadence. Acted powerfully against the decadence. Acted powerfully against the spontaneous enjoyment of possessions. It spontaneous enjoyment of possessions. It spontaneous enjoyment of possessions. It restricted consumption especially of restricted consumption especially of restricted consumption especially of luxuries. Okay. So, no one's spending on luxuries. Okay. So, no one's spending on luxuries. Okay. So, no one's spending on any of this money. Where's this money any of this money. Where's this money any of this money. Where's this money going? It's going to the bank. And who's going? It's going to the bank. And who's going? It's going to the bank. And who's using this money in the bank? The using this money in the bank? The using this money in the bank? The government is. And what are they doing? government is. And what are they doing? government is. And what are they doing? They're using to fight wars, right? And They're using to fight wars, right? And They're using to fight wars, right? And that's how England, the Netherlands that's how England, the Netherlands that's how England, the Netherlands became empires. They had access to all became empires. They had access to all became empires. They had access to all this surplus wealth that Protestants this surplus wealth that Protestants this surplus wealth that Protestants weren't spending. weren't spending. weren't spending. On the other hand, it have a On the other hand, it have a On the other hand, it have a psychological effect of freeing the psychological effect of freeing the psychological effect of freeing the acquisition of goods from inhibitions of acquisition of goods from inhibitions of acquisition of goods from inhibitions of traditionalist ethics. Okay. So the idea traditionalist ethics. Okay. So the idea traditionalist ethics. Okay. So the idea here is this. Before if you're wealthy, you this. Before if you're wealthy, you expected by everyone around you to expected by everyone around you to expected by everyone around you to support the community, usually by support the community, usually by support the community, usually by organizing feasts on religious organizing feasts on religious organizing feasts on religious festivals. Okay? You were expected to festivals. Okay? You were expected to festivals. Okay? You were expected to share your wealth. If you had too much share your wealth. If you had too much share your wealth. If you had too much money, it showed that you were against money, it showed that you were against money, it showed that you were against the community. Okay? It showed that you the community. Okay? It showed that you the community. Okay? It showed that you were selfish. But were selfish. But were selfish. But now people believe that you're if you're now people believe that you're if you're now people believe that you're if you're wealthy, it means God favors you. The wealthy, it means God favors you. The wealthy, it means God favors you. The more wealth you have, the more people more wealth you have, the more people more wealth you have, the more people respect you. Okay? It's a complete respect you. Okay? It's a complete respect you. Okay? It's a complete inverse from the historical inverse from the historical inverse from the historical um case. Historically we believe that um case. Historically we believe that um case. Historically we believe that those who have too much money are evil. those who have too much money are evil. those who have too much money are evil. Now we believe that those who have too Now we believe that those who have too Now we believe that those who have too much money are inherently good. Okay? much money are inherently good. Okay? much money are inherently good. Okay? It's complete It's complete It's complete reverse. It broke the bonds of the reverse. It broke the bonds of the reverse. It broke the bonds of the impulse of acquisition in that it not impulse of acquisition in that it not impulse of acquisition in that it not only legalized it but looked upon it as only legalized it but looked upon it as only legalized it but looked upon it as directly willed by God. Okay. So before directly willed by God. Okay. So before directly willed by God. Okay. So before it's embarrassing to have too much it's embarrassing to have too much it's embarrassing to have too much money. Now it is prestigious to have too money. Now it is prestigious to have too money. Now it is prestigious to have too much money. much money. much money. The campaign against the temptations of The campaign against the temptations of The campaign against the temptations of the flesh and the dependence on external the flesh and the dependence on external the flesh and the dependence on external things was not a struggle against things was not a struggle against things was not a struggle against irrational acquisition but against the irrational acquisition but against the irrational acquisition but against the irrational use of wealth. Okay. So irrational use of wealth. Okay. So irrational use of wealth. Okay. So what's evil is not to make a lot of what's evil is not to make a lot of what's evil is not to make a lot of money. What's evil is to use that money money. What's evil is to use that money money. What's evil is to use that money to enjoy yourself. yourself. Right? Okay. So now he discusses a Right? Okay. So now he discusses a Right? Okay. So now he discusses a problems with this ideology. Okay. The problems with this ideology. Okay. The problems with this ideology. Okay. The Puritan want to work in a calling. Okay. Puritan want to work in a calling. Okay. Puritan want to work in a calling. Okay. So the Puritans want to be close to God. So the Puritans want to be close to God. So the Puritans want to be close to God. We are forced to do so. We're not We are forced to do so. We're not We are forced to do so. We're not Puritans. Most of the world is not Puritans. Most of the world is not Puritans. Most of the world is not Puritans. We were stuck. We are in Puritans. We were stuck. We are in Puritans. We were stuck. We are in prison in their world. They create this prison in their world. They create this prison in their world. They create this world and we're stuck in it. For when world and we're stuck in it. For when world and we're stuck in it. For when acetism was carried out of monastic acetism was carried out of monastic acetism was carried out of monastic cells into everyday life. Okay. So the cells into everyday life. Okay. So the cells into everyday life. Okay. So the idea was the Catholic Church. If you idea was the Catholic Church. If you idea was the Catholic Church. If you wanted to be be aesthetic, if you wanted wanted to be be aesthetic, if you wanted wanted to be be aesthetic, if you wanted to deny the world, you went into a to deny the world, you went into a to deny the world, you went into a monastery. The Puritans made the entire monastery. The Puritans made the entire monastery. The Puritans made the entire world into a monastery. Okay? Um, and world into a monastery. Okay? Um, and world into a monastery. Okay? Um, and began to dominate worldly morality. It began to dominate worldly morality. It began to dominate worldly morality. It did its part in building the tremendous did its part in building the tremendous did its part in building the tremendous cosmos of a modern economic order. He's cosmos of a modern economic order. He's cosmos of a modern economic order. He's talking about capitalism. Okay? So, talking about capitalism. Okay? So, talking about capitalism. Okay? So, capitalism was created by the Puritans capitalism was created by the Puritans capitalism was created by the Puritans in order to rationalize the world. in order to rationalize the world. in order to rationalize the world. This order is now bound to the technical This order is now bound to the technical This order is now bound to the technical and economic conditions of machine and economic conditions of machine and economic conditions of machine production which today determine the production which today determine the production which today determine the lives of all the individuals who are lives of all the individuals who are lives of all the individuals who are born into this mechanism. Not only those born into this mechanism. Not only those born into this mechanism. Not only those directly concerned with economic directly concerned with economic directly concerned with economic acquisition with irristable force. Okay. acquisition with irristable force. Okay. acquisition with irristable force. Okay. So they create this system which is So they create this system which is So they create this system which is industrial production. This industrial industrial production. This industrial industrial production. This industrial production has made us all into slaves production has made us all into slaves production has made us all into slaves and the soul of this industrial and the soul of this industrial and the soul of this industrial production system is capitalism. wealth production system is capitalism. wealth production system is capitalism. wealth for the sake of for the sake of for the sake of wealth. Okay? And there's no denying the wealth. Okay? And there's no denying the wealth. Okay? And there's no denying the system. You cannot you can never free system. You cannot you can never free system. You cannot you can never free yourself from the system. You're stuck yourself from the system. You're stuck yourself from the system. You're stuck inside the system. But not only that, inside the system. But not only that, inside the system. But not only that, but this entire of industrial uh but this entire of industrial uh but this entire of industrial uh production, it has permeated into all production, it has permeated into all production, it has permeated into all aspects of life. It's permanent into the aspects of life. It's permanent into the aspects of life. It's permanent into the family. It's permanent into the school. family. It's permanent into the school. family. It's permanent into the school. Okay? Why do you have grades? Why do you Okay? Why do you have grades? Why do you Okay? Why do you have grades? Why do you have why do we have tests? Because of have why do we have tests? Because of have why do we have tests? Because of this industrial economy, right? grades this industrial economy, right? grades this industrial economy, right? grades tests are another form of money. Perhaps it will so determine them money. Perhaps it will so determine them until the last ton of fossilized coal is until the last ton of fossilized coal is until the last ton of fossilized coal is burnt. Okay? What he's saying here is burnt. Okay? What he's saying here is burnt. Okay? What he's saying here is that this system will keep on going that this system will keep on going that this system will keep on going until we destroy the planet. Okay? And until we destroy the planet. Okay? And until we destroy the planet. Okay? And until we run out of resources because until we run out of resources because until we run out of resources because that's what capitalism is. It's the that's what capitalism is. It's the that's what capitalism is. It's the exploitation of the environment. exploitation of the environment. exploitation of the environment. In Baxter's view, the care for external In Baxter's view, the care for external In Baxter's view, the care for external goods should only lie on the shoulders goods should only lie on the shoulders goods should only lie on the shoulders of the saint like a light cloak which of the saint like a light cloak which of the saint like a light cloak which can be thrown aside at any moment. Okay. can be thrown aside at any moment. Okay. can be thrown aside at any moment. Okay. So the idea of Protestantism is listen So the idea of Protestantism is listen So the idea of Protestantism is listen external external external wealth wealth is just a measure of your wealth wealth is just a measure of your wealth wealth is just a measure of your faith in God. That's not what's faith in God. That's not what's faith in God. That's not what's important. What's important is your important. What's important is your important. What's important is your faith, right? faith, right? faith, right? But but the faith decreed that the cloak But but the faith decreed that the cloak But but the faith decreed that the cloak should become an iron cage. Okay? Money should become an iron cage. Okay? Money should become an iron cage. Okay? Money was supposed to be a tool. Money was was supposed to be a tool. Money was was supposed to be a tool. Money was supposed to be a mechanism for us to supposed to be a mechanism for us to supposed to be a mechanism for us to connect with God. But now money, connect with God. But now money, connect with God. But now money, capitalism, industrial production, it's capitalism, industrial production, it's capitalism, industrial production, it's become our prison. There's no there's no become our prison. There's no there's no become our prison. There's no there's no denying it. No one can now escape this. denying it. No one can now escape this. denying it. No one can now escape this. Okay. Okay. Does it make sense to Okay. Okay. Does it make sense to Okay. Okay. Does it make sense to you? All right. So now he makes you? All right. So now he makes you? All right. So now he makes predictions. No one knows who will live predictions. No one knows who will live predictions. No one knows who will live in this cage in the future or whether at in this cage in the future or whether at in this cage in the future or whether at the end of this tremendous development the end of this tremendous development the end of this tremendous development entirely new profits will arise or there entirely new profits will arise or there entirely new profits will arise or there will be a great rebirth of old ideas and will be a great rebirth of old ideas and will be a great rebirth of old ideas and ideals of e of neither mechanized ideals of e of neither mechanized ideals of e of neither mechanized petrification embellished with a sort of petrification embellished with a sort of petrification embellished with a sort of convulsive self-importance. Okay, sorry. convulsive self-importance. Okay, sorry. convulsive self-importance. Okay, sorry. I read this wrong. Okay, let let me do I read this wrong. Okay, let let me do I read this wrong. Okay, let let me do this again. No one knows who will live this again. No one knows who will live this again. No one knows who will live in this cage in the future or whether at in this cage in the future or whether at in this cage in the future or whether at the end of this tremendous development the end of this tremendous development the end of this tremendous development entirely new profits will arise or there entirely new profits will arise or there entirely new profits will arise or there will be a great rebirth of ideas. Okay. will be a great rebirth of ideas. Okay. will be a great rebirth of ideas. Okay. So what we're saying is this as So what we're saying is this as So what we're saying is this as capitalism conquers more and more capitalism conquers more and more capitalism conquers more and more territory as it becomes more embedded territory as it becomes more embedded territory as it becomes more embedded into everyday life. There will be a into everyday life. There will be a into everyday life. There will be a nostalgia for the Catholic Church and nostalgia for the Catholic Church and nostalgia for the Catholic Church and there may arise new prophets who will there may arise new prophets who will there may arise new prophets who will rebel against capitalism just like rebel against capitalism just like rebel against capitalism just like Martin Luther rebelled against the Martin Luther rebelled against the Martin Luther rebelled against the Catholic religion. Okay? And these new Catholic religion. Okay? And these new Catholic religion. Okay? And these new ideas will happen. They call fascism and ideas will happen. They call fascism and ideas will happen. They call fascism and communism. All right? So capitalism will communism. All right? So capitalism will communism. All right? So capitalism will give rise to the Nazis as well as the give rise to the Nazis as well as the give rise to the Nazis as well as the communists, the bullshiks. So this is communists, the bullshiks. So this is communists, the bullshiks. So this is the future. Okay? So he's making a the future. Okay? So he's making a the future. Okay? So he's making a prophecy. But if these things don't prophecy. But if these things don't prophecy. But if these things don't happen then what will happen is this mechanized petrification this mechanized petrification embellished with a sort of convulsive embellished with a sort of convulsive embellished with a sort of convulsive self-importance. We believe today that self-importance. We believe today that self-importance. We believe today that we have achieved divinity. We have we have achieved divinity. We have we have achieved divinity. We have achieved heaven on earth. Capitalism is achieved heaven on earth. Capitalism is achieved heaven on earth. Capitalism is the greatest good. But if you think the greatest good. But if you think the greatest good. But if you think about it, our civilization has become a about it, our civilization has become a about it, our civilization has become a zombie civilization. It is about soul. zombie civilization. It is about soul. zombie civilization. It is about soul. It is about spirituality. It is about It is about spirituality. It is about It is about spirituality. It is about heart. It's all machine. It's all money. heart. It's all machine. It's all money. heart. It's all machine. It's all money. It's all obsession. Nothing else. Okay. It's all obsession. Nothing else. Okay. It's all obsession. Nothing else. Okay. So, I'm sorry that this is not appearing So, I'm sorry that this is not appearing So, I'm sorry that this is not appearing properly. Okay. But but that's what he's properly. Okay. But but that's what he's properly. Okay. But but that's what he's saying here. For of the last stage of saying here. For of the last stage of saying here. For of the last stage of this cultural development, it might well this cultural development, it might well this cultural development, it might well be truly sad. Specialists without be truly sad. Specialists without be truly sad. Specialists without spirit. Okay. We have scientists who spirit. Okay. We have scientists who spirit. Okay. We have scientists who lack lack lack purpose. They have purpose. They have purpose. They have no sense of divinity. They have no sense no sense of divinity. They have no sense no sense of divinity. They have no sense of mission. Okay? They're just doing of mission. Okay? They're just doing of mission. Okay? They're just doing technical work. Scientists who just do technical work. Scientists who just do technical work. Scientists who just do technical work work sens this nullity imagines that it has sens this nullity imagines that it has sens this nullity imagines that it has achieved a level of civilization never achieved a level of civilization never achieved a level of civilization never before achieved. Okay. All right. So before achieved. Okay. All right. So before achieved. Okay. All right. So that's what he's saying. He's saying that's what he's saying. He's saying that's what he's saying. He's saying like our civilization it is a zombie like our civilization it is a zombie like our civilization it is a zombie civilization. It is an unlimited. No, it civilization. It is an unlimited. No, it civilization. It is an unlimited. No, it is nothing. Is is nei. is nothing. Is is nei. is nothing. Is is nei. We believe this is We believe this is We believe this is perfection. Okay? And if you think about perfection. Okay? And if you think about perfection. Okay? And if you think about it, he's describing perfectly the world it, he's describing perfectly the world it, he's describing perfectly the world we live in we live in we live in today. It's perfect. Okay? He's he wrote today. It's perfect. Okay? He's he wrote today. It's perfect. Okay? He's he wrote this in about 1900. He predicted this this in about 1900. He predicted this this in about 1900. He predicted this would happen. And he's right. We live in would happen. And he's right. We live in would happen. And he's right. We live in a zombie a zombie a zombie civilization. All right. Okay. civilization. All right. Okay. civilization. All right. Okay. So um this is George Siml who is a So um this is George Siml who is a So um this is George Siml who is a friend of Max Webber's the friend of Max Webber's the friend of Max Webber's the contemporaries the colleagues their contemporaries the colleagues their contemporaries the colleagues their friends um and he's trying to explain friends um and he's trying to explain friends um and he's trying to explain where money comes from okay and I as where money comes from okay and I as where money comes from okay and I as explained previously money now has explained previously money now has explained previously money now has become a substitute for the idea of God become a substitute for the idea of God become a substitute for the idea of God it's become reality itself okay and how it's become reality itself okay and how it's become reality itself okay and how and why is that okay here explains it and why is that okay here explains it and why is that okay here explains it the projection of mere relations into the projection of mere relations into the projection of mere relations into particular objects is one of the great particular objects is one of the great particular objects is one of the great accomplishments of the mind okay so accomplishments of the mind okay so accomplishments of the mind okay so we're able to take an idea and transpose we're able to take an idea and transpose we're able to take an idea and transpose this idea onto a thing. Okay, we're this idea onto a thing. Okay, we're this idea onto a thing. Okay, we're we're able to take the idea of God and we're able to take the idea of God and we're able to take the idea of God and turn it into money. Okay, we can do that turn it into money. Okay, we can do that turn it into money. Okay, we can do that and that's a great thing. When the mind and that's a great thing. When the mind and that's a great thing. When the mind is embodied in objects, these become a is embodied in objects, these become a is embodied in objects, these become a vehicle for the mind and endowed with a vehicle for the mind and endowed with a vehicle for the mind and endowed with a livelier and more comprehensive livelier and more comprehensive livelier and more comprehensive activity. Okay, when we do this, we turn activity. Okay, when we do this, we turn activity. Okay, when we do this, we turn God into money. Our understand of God into money. Our understand of God into money. Our understand of reality becomes much more vibrant. We're reality becomes much more vibrant. We're reality becomes much more vibrant. We're able to understand reality much better. able to understand reality much better. able to understand reality much better. Okay, the ability to construct such Okay, the ability to construct such Okay, the ability to construct such symbolic objects attains its greatest symbolic objects attains its greatest symbolic objects attains its greatest triumph in money. Okay, money becomes a triumph in money. Okay, money becomes a triumph in money. Okay, money becomes a placeholder for everything, right? For placeholder for everything, right? For placeholder for everything, right? For money represents pure interaction, its money represents pure interaction, its money represents pure interaction, its purest form. How do we purest form. How do we purest form. How do we know if we're working hard? How do we know if we're working hard? How do we know if we're working hard? How do we know if we are succeeding? How do we know if we are succeeding? How do we know if we are succeeding? How do we know if we have friends through money? know if we have friends through money? know if we have friends through money? Okay, for capital Okay, for capital Okay, for capital accumulation, it makes comprehensible accumulation, it makes comprehensible accumulation, it makes comprehensible the most abstract concept. It is an the most abstract concept. It is an the most abstract concept. It is an individual thing whose essential individual thing whose essential individual thing whose essential significance is to reach beyond significance is to reach beyond significance is to reach beyond individualities. It centralizes individualities. It centralizes individualities. It centralizes everything. Okay. Everyone agrees on everything. Okay. Everyone agrees on everything. Okay. Everyone agrees on money. Thus, money is the adequate money. Thus, money is the adequate money. Thus, money is the adequate expression of the relationship of man to expression of the relationship of man to expression of the relationship of man to the world which can only be grasped in the world which can only be grasped in the world which can only be grasped in single and concrete instances yet only single and concrete instances yet only single and concrete instances yet only really can see when the singular becomes really can see when the singular becomes really can see when the singular becomes the embodiment of the living mental the embodiment of the living mental the embodiment of the living mental process which interweavves all process which interweavves all process which interweavves all singularities and in this fashion singularities and in this fashion singularities and in this fashion creates reality. Okay. So uh at at the creates reality. Okay. So uh at at the creates reality. Okay. So uh at at the beginning of the class I talked about beginning of the class I talked about beginning of the class I talked about money right how money money right how money money right how money um takes all our different perspectives um takes all our different perspectives um takes all our different perspectives and converges into one thing okay and and converges into one thing okay and and converges into one thing okay and then it redesigns reality through this then it redesigns reality through this then it redesigns reality through this lens okay that's what he's saying here lens okay that's what he's saying here lens okay that's what he's saying here okay uh the last person I want to talk okay uh the last person I want to talk okay uh the last person I want to talk about is Email Durkham and he's a French about is Email Durkham and he's a French about is Email Durkham and he's a French uh sociologist and his most famous book uh sociologist and his most famous book uh sociologist and his most famous book is called on suicide he's he's trying to is called on suicide he's he's trying to is called on suicide he's he's trying to discuss why is it that protestants are discuss why is it that protestants are discuss why is it that protestants are much more likely to kill themselves than much more likely to kill themselves than much more likely to kill themselves than Catholics. Okay. And his Catholics. Okay. And his Catholics. Okay. And his um answer is it's because Protestants um answer is it's because Protestants um answer is it's because Protestants believe you have to struggle believe you have to struggle believe you have to struggle individually with faith whereas individually with faith whereas individually with faith whereas Catholics don't believe that. Catholics Catholics don't believe that. Catholics Catholics don't believe that. Catholics believe that you just follow community believe that you just follow community believe that you just follow community rituals and you're good. Okay. So rituals and you're good. Okay. So rituals and you're good. Okay. So Protestants feel that they are alone and Protestants feel that they are alone and Protestants feel that they are alone and abandoned in this world and that they abandoned in this world and that they abandoned in this world and that they they must struggle out of this they must struggle out of this they must struggle out of this darkness and that leads to tremendous darkness and that leads to tremendous darkness and that leads to tremendous energy. Okay? But it also leads energy. Okay? But it also leads energy. Okay? But it also leads sometimes to self-deeat. It leads to sometimes to self-deeat. It leads to sometimes to self-deeat. It leads to hopelessness and that's why they kill hopelessness and that's why they kill hopelessness and that's why they kill themselves. Okay? So so so let's not themselves. Okay? So so so let's not themselves. Okay? So so so let's not read this but but that's what he's read this but but that's what he's read this but but that's what he's saying. Okay. Okay. But I want to read this. Okay. Okay. But I want to read this. This is really important. He's talking This is really important. He's talking This is really important. He's talking about the fact that Protestants about the fact that Protestants about the fact that Protestants transfer this um anxiety in the transfer this um anxiety in the transfer this um anxiety in the accumulation of wealth, right? They're accumulation of wealth, right? They're accumulation of wealth, right? They're anxious about what God is. They're anxious about what God is. They're anxious about what God is. They're anxious whether or not God loves them anxious whether or not God loves them anxious whether or not God loves them and they uh focus on accumulation of and they uh focus on accumulation of and they uh focus on accumulation of wealth. Okay? And this is a problem wealth. Okay? And this is a problem wealth. Okay? And this is a problem because overexited ambitions always because overexited ambitions always because overexited ambitions always exceeds the results that they achieve. exceeds the results that they achieve. exceeds the results that they achieve. whatever these may be because they have whatever these may be because they have whatever these may be because they have not been aware that they should not go not been aware that they should not go not been aware that they should not go any further. Okay. Right. Let's just say any further. Okay. Right. Let's just say any further. Okay. Right. Let's just say that you want to lose weight. Your that you want to lose weight. Your that you want to lose weight. Your obsession is to lose weight. It's obsession is to lose weight. It's obsession is to lose weight. It's possible that you may die in the process possible that you may die in the process possible that you may die in the process because you don't know how much weight because you don't know how much weight because you don't know how much weight you should lose. You don't know what the you should lose. You don't know what the you should lose. You don't know what the proper equilibrium is. Okay? You just proper equilibrium is. Okay? You just proper equilibrium is. Okay? You just want to lose as much weight as possible. want to lose as much weight as possible. want to lose as much weight as possible. That's problem with accumulating money. That's problem with accumulating money. That's problem with accumulating money. You try to get more and more money to You try to get more and more money to You try to get more and more money to prove your worth to God, but you can't prove your worth to God, but you can't prove your worth to God, but you can't stop. You don't know when to stop. stop. You don't know when to stop. stop. You don't know when to stop. Okay? Okay? Okay? Consequently, nothing satisfies them and Consequently, nothing satisfies them and Consequently, nothing satisfies them and all this agitation perpetually sustains all this agitation perpetually sustains all this agitation perpetually sustains itself reaching any form of sity. You itself reaching any form of sity. You itself reaching any form of sity. You cannot stop. Okay? You look at Jack Ma, cannot stop. Okay? You look at Jack Ma, cannot stop. Okay? You look at Jack Ma, the richest man in China at some point, the richest man in China at some point, the richest man in China at some point, right? He has all this money, $50 right? He has all this money, $50 right? He has all this money, $50 billion. What is he doing with it? billion. What is he doing with it? billion. What is he doing with it? Nothing. All he wants is make more and Nothing. All he wants is make more and Nothing. All he wants is make more and more money. Why? Because only the more money. Why? Because only the more money. Why? Because only the acquisition of money brings him acquisition of money brings him acquisition of money brings him happiness. Nothing else happiness. Nothing else happiness. Nothing else does. It's a does. It's a does. It's a disease. Above all, as this race towards disease. Above all, as this race towards disease. Above all, as this race towards an unattainable goal can give no an unattainable goal can give no an unattainable goal can give no satisfaction, but the race itself, if satisfaction, but the race itself, if satisfaction, but the race itself, if that can be called satisfaction, should that can be called satisfaction, should that can be called satisfaction, should anything chance to get in its way, then anything chance to get in its way, then anything chance to get in its way, then one is left one is left one is left empty-handed. Okay? empty-handed. Okay? empty-handed. Okay? You're so focused on the obainment of You're so focused on the obainment of You're so focused on the obainment of wealth that if you lose this process, wealth that if you lose this process, wealth that if you lose this process, okay, you stop this process, you will okay, you stop this process, you will okay, you stop this process, you will feel devoid of everything. Okay, you feel devoid of everything. Okay, you feel devoid of everything. Okay, you could have $50 billion in the bank, but could have $50 billion in the bank, but could have $50 billion in the bank, but you lo you drop out of this race, if you you lo you drop out of this race, if you you lo you drop out of this race, if you stop the commission of money, you will stop the commission of money, you will stop the commission of money, you will fall into anxiety and fall into anxiety and fall into anxiety and depression. depression. depression. right now. It so happens that at this right now. It so happens that at this right now. It so happens that at this time the struggle becomes more violent time the struggle becomes more violent time the struggle becomes more violent and more painful both because it is less and more painful both because it is less and more painful both because it is less regulated and because competition is regulated and because competition is regulated and because competition is fiercer. Right? So he's talking about fiercer. Right? So he's talking about fiercer. Right? So he's talking about capitalism. How because it's all about capitalism. How because it's all about capitalism. How because it's all about the creation of wealth and the wealth the creation of wealth and the wealth the creation of wealth and the wealth can only bring about more anxiety and can only bring about more anxiety and can only bring about more anxiety and more more more stress. It's bring it's bringing out all stress. It's bring it's bringing out all stress. It's bring it's bringing out all social bonds. Okay. It's bringing all social bonds. Okay. It's bringing all social bonds. Okay. It's bringing all traditional morality. It's bringing all traditional morality. It's bringing all traditional morality. It's bringing all bringing down all customs and norms. All classes are caught up in it norms. All classes are caught up in it because there's no longer any because there's no longer any because there's no longer any established classification. If you're established classification. If you're established classification. If you're rich, if you're poor, you're stuck in rich, if you're poor, you're stuck in rich, if you're poor, you're stuck in the system. No matter how rich you are, the system. No matter how rich you are, the system. No matter how rich you are, you're still playing this game. You can you're still playing this game. You can you're still playing this game. You can never escape never escape never escape it. So the effort is all the greater at it. So the effort is all the greater at it. So the effort is all the greater at the moment when it becomes more the moment when it becomes more the moment when it becomes more unproductive. unproductive. unproductive. How can the will to live not be weakened How can the will to live not be weakened How can the will to live not be weakened in these conditions? Okay, in these conditions? Okay, in these conditions? Okay, so like I know this is hard and I I know so like I know this is hard and I I know so like I know this is hard and I I know what what what what what I'm saying is what what what what what I'm saying is what what what what what I'm saying is it's going to be depressing, but what it's going to be depressing, but what it's going to be depressing, but what Max Weber is saying is we live in a Max Weber is saying is we live in a Max Weber is saying is we live in a zombie zombie zombie civilization. Okay, that's what he's civilization. Okay, that's what he's civilization. Okay, that's what he's saying. What Durkin is saying is that saying. What Durkin is saying is that saying. What Durkin is saying is that this civilization is on a on a path to this civilization is on a on a path to this civilization is on a on a path to suicide. It's on a path to suicide. It's on a path to suicide. It's on a path to self-destruction because there's no self-destruction because there's no self-destruction because there's no purpose in a civilization. It's all purpose in a civilization. It's all purpose in a civilization. It's all this. We exist for the sake of this. We exist for the sake of this. We exist for the sake of accumulating nothing of value and accumulating nothing of value and accumulating nothing of value and eventually we'll just recognize this and eventually we'll just recognize this and eventually we'll just recognize this and we'll all have to die. Our civilization we'll all have to die. Our civilization we'll all have to die. Our civilization is on a path to suicide. And you know is on a path to suicide. And you know is on a path to suicide. And you know what? They're right. They're prophets. what? They're right. They're prophets. what? They're right. They're prophets. Think about this. Think about this. Think about this. Never before in human history have we Never before in human history have we Never before in human history have we been as been as been as wealthy as technological progress right wealthy as technological progress right wealthy as technological progress right we have the we have the we have the internet as more connected we can fly internet as more connected we can fly internet as more connected we can fly all around the world you can go to all around the world you can go to all around the world you can go to United States and study and then come United States and study and then come United States and study and then come back and work okay you have more back and work okay you have more back and work okay you have more opportunities than ever before but again opportunities than ever before but again opportunities than ever before but again think about this okay never before in think about this okay never before in think about this okay never before in human history have there been more human history have there been more human history have there been more depression anxiety more suicides depression anxiety more suicides depression anxiety more suicides ides more feeling of disconnection. disconnection. Okay, Okay, Okay, so think about this. Let's do a thought so think about this. Let's do a thought so think about this. Let's do a thought experiment. Let's just say that I have experiment. Let's just say that I have experiment. Let's just say that I have anxiety. And the way that I deal with anxiety. And the way that I deal with anxiety. And the way that I deal with this anxiety is I collect newspapers. this anxiety is I collect newspapers. this anxiety is I collect newspapers. Every day I'm out collecting newspapers. Every day I'm out collecting newspapers. Every day I'm out collecting newspapers. I fill this room with newspapers and I fill this room with newspapers and I fill this room with newspapers and then I go next room and I fill up then I go next room and I fill up then I go next room and I fill up newspapers. Everyone would say that I am newspapers. Everyone would say that I am newspapers. Everyone would say that I am hoarding. Okay, the word is hoarding and hoarding. Okay, the word is hoarding and hoarding. Okay, the word is hoarding and it is a it is a it is a disease, right? It's a disease. We all disease, right? It's a disease. We all disease, right? It's a disease. We all know, we all know it's a disease. If I know, we all know it's a disease. If I know, we all know it's a disease. If I were to go talk to a psychologist, he were to go talk to a psychologist, he were to go talk to a psychologist, he would he would say, "I'm I have a would he would say, "I'm I have a would he would say, "I'm I have a disease. I need I need disease. I need I need disease. I need I need to take some anxiety medication. I need to take some anxiety medication. I need to take some anxiety medication. I need to relax, go on vacation, whatever." to relax, go on vacation, whatever." to relax, go on vacation, whatever." Okay. But let's just say this. Let's Okay. But let's just say this. Let's Okay. But let's just say this. Let's just say I have anxiety and all I want just say I have anxiety and all I want just say I have anxiety and all I want to do is make money. I make a million to do is make money. I make a million to do is make money. I make a million dollars. I don't spend it. I put in the dollars. I don't spend it. I put in the dollars. I don't spend it. I put in the bank and I go make $2 million. bank and I go make $2 million. bank and I go make $2 million. and then I go make $300 and I'm not and then I go make $300 and I'm not and then I go make $300 and I'm not spending it. It's all in the bank. Okay. spending it. It's all in the bank. Okay. spending it. It's all in the bank. Okay. How is that different from hoarding? How is that different from hoarding? How is that different from hoarding? How's that different from me collecting How's that different from me collecting How's that different from me collecting newspapers and just putting in the newspapers and just putting in the newspapers and just putting in the house? It's not. There's no difference, house? It's not. There's no difference, house? It's not. There's no difference, right? right? right? But everyone would think I'm a great But everyone would think I'm a great But everyone would think I'm a great person. I am a good person because I'm person. I am a good person because I'm person. I am a good person because I'm working hard and I'm saving money. Right? It's a contradiction in our Right? It's a contradiction in our society. It's a contradiction that society. It's a contradiction that society. It's a contradiction that exists because our society, our exists because our society, our exists because our society, our civilization is incapable of recognizing civilization is incapable of recognizing civilization is incapable of recognizing that we are a zombie civilization that that we are a zombie civilization that that we are a zombie civilization that is on the path to civilizational is on the path to civilizational is on the path to civilizational suicide. All suicide. All suicide. All right. Okay. So, this was depressing, right. Okay. So, this was depressing, right. Okay. So, this was depressing, but I feel as but I feel as but I feel as though we needed to though we needed to though we needed to um discuss this. Okay. And again um the um discuss this. Okay. And again um the um discuss this. Okay. And again um the same ideas that we learned previously same ideas that we learned previously same ideas that we learned previously we're combining it and and we are going we're combining it and and we are going we're combining it and and we are going to use these ideas to understand the to use these ideas to understand the to use these ideas to understand the future development. Okay. All right. So future development. Okay. All right. So future development. Okay. All right. So um any questions? Yep. Yep. believe that. Okay, you're absolutely right. Okay, Okay, you're absolutely right. Okay, you're absolutely right that that so in you're absolutely right that that so in you're absolutely right that that so in the Catholic religion, suicide is the the Catholic religion, suicide is the the Catholic religion, suicide is the worst sin that you can commit. Okay, and worst sin that you can commit. Okay, and worst sin that you can commit. Okay, and in the Protestant religion, there are in the Protestant religion, there are in the Protestant religion, there are also um mechanisms against suicide. But also um mechanisms against suicide. But also um mechanisms against suicide. But let's go back to the theory. The theory let's go back to the theory. The theory let's go back to the theory. The theory is double predestination. God has is double predestination. God has is double predestination. God has already decided who will be burned in already decided who will be burned in already decided who will be burned in hell and who will go to heaven and only hell and who will go to heaven and only hell and who will go to heaven and only a minority can go to heaven right and a minority can go to heaven right and a minority can go to heaven right and there's nothing you can do to change there's nothing you can do to change there's nothing you can do to change this you understand so if you follow the this you understand so if you follow the this you understand so if you follow the logic you commit suicide you're doing logic you commit suicide you're doing logic you commit suicide you're doing God's will because you commit suicide God's will because you commit suicide God's will because you commit suicide because you don't believe in God or you because you don't believe in God or you because you don't believe in God or you don't have enough faith in God which don't have enough faith in God which don't have enough faith in God which means that you were condemned anyway means that you were condemned anyway means that you were condemned anyway okay so suicide it's not a sin it's a okay so suicide it's not a sin it's a okay so suicide it's not a sin it's a sign of weakness sign of weakness sign of weakness Does that make Does that make Does that make sense? Okay. But um also what's important for Okay. But um also what's important for us to remember is that suicide, it's us to remember is that suicide, it's us to remember is that suicide, it's also a feeling of also a feeling of also a feeling of disconnection. It's a belief that no one disconnection. It's a belief that no one disconnection. It's a belief that no one cares if you die or not. No one supports cares if you die or not. No one supports cares if you die or not. No one supports you in your life and therefore you're you in your life and therefore you're you in your life and therefore you're better off dead. When you if you die, better off dead. When you if you die, better off dead. When you if you die, you're not actually impacting the you're not actually impacting the you're not actually impacting the community. Okay? community. Okay? community. Okay? And that's I Durkham's argument. You're And that's I Durkham's argument. You're And that's I Durkham's argument. You're always going to have people kill always going to have people kill always going to have people kill themselves in all religions. There's you themselves in all religions. There's you themselves in all religions. There's you can't really stop that. But Protestants can't really stop that. But Protestants can't really stop that. But Protestants are more likely to kill themselves are more likely to kill themselves are more likely to kill themselves because Protestant is a much more because Protestant is a much more because Protestant is a much more individualistic uh religion than individualistic uh religion than individualistic uh religion than Catholic. Catholic. Catholic. Okay. All right. Does that make sense? Okay. All right. Does that make sense? Okay. All right. Does that make sense? Great. Great. Great. Okay. Next question. philosophers. philosophers. Okay, so these three are not Okay, so these three are not Okay, so these three are not philosophers. These three are philosophers. These three are philosophers. These three are sociologists. So they're social sociologists. So they're social sociologists. So they're social scientists. They're Max Weber who was scientists. They're Max Weber who was scientists. They're Max Weber who was consider the founder of sociology. Uh consider the founder of sociology. Uh consider the founder of sociology. Uh Jor Siml um and Durkham. These these are Jor Siml um and Durkham. These these are Jor Siml um and Durkham. These these are the three major sociologists that uh the three major sociologists that uh the three major sociologists that uh really um created modern social really um created modern social really um created modern social sciences. Okay. Okay, that's a great question. Okay. Um, Okay, that's a great question. Okay. Um, okay. So, these are social scientists okay. So, these are social scientists okay. So, these are social scientists and the thing about social scientists is and the thing about social scientists is and the thing about social scientists is they feel their responsibility is to they feel their responsibility is to they feel their responsibility is to diagnose problems and once they diagnose diagnose problems and once they diagnose diagnose problems and once they diagnose problems then it's up to us to figure problems then it's up to us to figure problems then it's up to us to figure out the solution. Okay. So, so, so let's out the solution. Okay. So, so, so let's out the solution. Okay. So, so, so let's let's figure out what they're saying. let's figure out what they're saying. let's figure out what they're saying. Okay, so um Weber is saying that this that this anxiety which leads to anxiety which leads to anxiety which leads to capitalism will ultimately lead to capitalism will ultimately lead to capitalism will ultimately lead to civilizational decline. Okay, that's his main argument. decline. Okay, that's his main argument. Okay. So again like he's not writing at Okay. So again like he's not writing at Okay. So again like he's not writing at the beginning of Protestantism where the beginning of Protestantism where the beginning of Protestantism where protest was a persecuted religion protest was a persecuted religion protest was a persecuted religion um and where um it really gave hope to a um and where um it really gave hope to a um and where um it really gave hope to a lot of people and it it really empowered lot of people and it it really empowered lot of people and it it really empowered them to transform their lives. Okay. them to transform their lives. Okay. them to transform their lives. Okay. He's really talking about late He's really talking about late He's really talking about late protestism when it's really conquered protestism when it's really conquered protestism when it's really conquered the world and he he's seeing a lot of the world and he he's seeing a lot of the world and he he's seeing a lot of issues. Okay. And so he's looking at issues. Okay. And so he's looking at issues. Okay. And so he's looking at this. He's looking at the anxiety which this. He's looking at the anxiety which this. He's looking at the anxiety which causes capitalism which causes causes capitalism which causes causes capitalism which causes civilization to decline. So he says civilization to decline. So he says civilization to decline. So he says there has to be a response. And there's there has to be a response. And there's there has to be a response. And there's going to be pos three possible going to be pos three possible going to be pos three possible responses. Okay? The first possible responses. Okay? The first possible responses. Okay? The first possible response is nothingness. Okay? In which response is nothingness. Okay? In which response is nothingness. Okay? In which case, guess what? We we become a zombie case, guess what? We we become a zombie case, guess what? We we become a zombie society. A zombie society just means society. A zombie society just means society. A zombie society just means that we just go on daytoday doing that we just go on daytoday doing that we just go on daytoday doing whatever, but we don't know why. We whatever, but we don't know why. We whatever, but we don't know why. We don't really care. We have no soul. We don't really care. We have no soul. We don't really care. We have no soul. We have no spirit. We have no energy. Okay, have no spirit. We have no energy. Okay, have no spirit. We have no energy. Okay, that's what a zombie society is. And that's what a zombie society is. And that's what a zombie society is. And that and that's what he's afraid of. But that and that's what he's afraid of. But that and that's what he's afraid of. But it's also possible that there is a uh it's also possible that there is a uh it's also possible that there is a uh reaction, okay, which will lead to the reaction, okay, which will lead to the reaction, okay, which will lead to the return of the Catholic Church, which was return of the Catholic Church, which was return of the Catholic Church, which was basically a theocracy. Does that make sense? That's theocracy. Does that make sense? That's the second possibility. Now another the second possibility. Now another the second possibility. Now another possibility is that you have new possibility is that you have new possibility is that you have new profits or people who are trying to profits or people who are trying to profits or people who are trying to channel this discontent with capitalism channel this discontent with capitalism channel this discontent with capitalism in order to form new movements in the in order to form new movements in the in order to form new movements in the way that Martin Luther and John Calvin way that Martin Luther and John Calvin way that Martin Luther and John Calvin did. Right? And in the 20th century did. Right? And in the 20th century did. Right? And in the 20th century there were two major responses to the there were two major responses to the there were two major responses to the problem capitalism. The first of course problem capitalism. The first of course problem capitalism. The first of course is called is called is called communism. The second is called fascism, communism. The second is called fascism, communism. The second is called fascism, okay? Or the Nazis. All right? So the 20th century Nazis. All right? So the 20th century was really about was really about was really about defeating these two critics of defeating these two critics of defeating these two critics of capitalism, right? That's what the 20th capitalism, right? That's what the 20th capitalism, right? That's what the 20th century really was about. You first had century really was about. You first had century really was about. You first had World War II, which defeated Nazism, and World War II, which defeated Nazism, and World War II, which defeated Nazism, and you have the Cold War, which defeated you have the Cold War, which defeated you have the Cold War, which defeated communism. All right? So this is out. communism. All right? So this is out. communism. All right? So this is out. Okay. So right now, okay, our two our Okay. So right now, okay, our two our Okay. So right now, okay, our two our two paths ahead of us is either a zombie two paths ahead of us is either a zombie two paths ahead of us is either a zombie society or the or a return to a society or the or a return to a society or the or a return to a theocracy. And so if I'm a betting man theocracy. And so if I'm a betting man theocracy. And so if I'm a betting man what a future looks like, I think it is what a future looks like, I think it is what a future looks like, I think it is most likely the world becomes a most likely the world becomes a most likely the world becomes a theocracy. All right? And there are theocracy. All right? And there are theocracy. All right? And there are theocracies that exist today. So for theocracies that exist today. So for theocracies that exist today. So for example, let's look at North Korea. example, let's look at North Korea. example, let's look at North Korea. North Korea is a theocracy where people North Korea is a theocracy where people North Korea is a theocracy where people are not allowed to think for themselves. are not allowed to think for themselves. are not allowed to think for themselves. People must do what they're told. Okay? People must do what they're told. Okay? People must do what they're told. Okay? And it's all a very heavily ritualized And it's all a very heavily ritualized And it's all a very heavily ritualized society which worships the divinity of society which worships the divinity of society which worships the divinity of the supreme the supreme the supreme leader. We may hate the society. We may leader. We may hate the society. We may leader. We may hate the society. We may be disgusted by by the society. But be disgusted by by the society. But be disgusted by by the society. But guess what? Okay, this is really guess what? Okay, this is really guess what? Okay, this is really important. People in North Korea, even important. People in North Korea, even important. People in North Korea, even though they're poorer, even though they though they're poorer, even though they though they're poorer, even though they have less freedom, they are on average have less freedom, they are on average have less freedom, they are on average happier and more fulfilled and more happier and more fulfilled and more happier and more fulfilled and more energetic. energetic. energetic. than most societies. You compare you than most societies. You compare you than most societies. You compare you compare North Korea with South Korea. compare North Korea with South Korea. compare North Korea with South Korea. Okay? Right? In South Korea, no one's Okay? Right? In South Korea, no one's Okay? Right? In South Korea, no one's having having having kids. That's a sign of complete kids. That's a sign of complete kids. That's a sign of complete hopelessness in their society. North hopelessness in their society. North hopelessness in their society. North Korea, they're having a lot of kids. Korea, they're having a lot of kids. Korea, they're having a lot of kids. That's a sort of faith in our society. That's a sort of faith in our society. That's a sort of faith in our society. Okay? So, that's what Max Weber is Okay? So, that's what Max Weber is Okay? So, that's what Max Weber is predicting. He's predicting these three predicting. He's predicting these three predicting. He's predicting these three possible paths. We tried the new possible paths. We tried the new possible paths. We tried the new prophets path, didn't work. Okay? We prophets path, didn't work. Okay? We prophets path, didn't work. Okay? We don't want to become a zombie society. don't want to become a zombie society. don't want to become a zombie society. So the only path ahead of us is to So the only path ahead of us is to So the only path ahead of us is to become a become a become a theocracy, a return to the tyranny of theocracy, a return to the tyranny of theocracy, a return to the tyranny of the Catholic Church. But the tyranny the Catholic Church. But the tyranny the Catholic Church. But the tyranny gives us meaning, purpose, and gives us meaning, purpose, and gives us meaning, purpose, and spirituality, a connection with God that spirituality, a connection with God that spirituality, a connection with God that we are lacking into this into today's we are lacking into this into today's we are lacking into this into today's society. Okay. But okay, let's just say society. Okay. But okay, let's just say society. Okay. But okay, let's just say for the sake of argument, you know what? for the sake of argument, you know what? for the sake of argument, you know what? Um, I like my individual freedom, right? Um, I like my individual freedom, right? Um, I like my individual freedom, right? All right. I don't want to I don't want All right. I don't want to I don't want All right. I don't want to I don't want to go to to a bureaucracy where to go to to a bureaucracy where to go to to a bureaucracy where everyone's a slave. What can we do about everyone's a slave. What can we do about everyone's a slave. What can we do about this? Um, okay. So, one issue that Max Weber Um, okay. So, one issue that Max Weber doesn't really address because he doesn't really address because he doesn't really address because he doesn't recognize the problem is all doesn't recognize the problem is all doesn't recognize the problem is all these problems we're talking about is a these problems we're talking about is a these problems we're talking about is a problem of mass society. Okay. society. Okay. When you have mass society, your options When you have mass society, your options When you have mass society, your options are much more limited. When you have are much more limited. When you have are much more limited. When you have mass society, you need to feed millions mass society, you need to feed millions mass society, you need to feed millions and millions of people. You need to and millions of people. You need to and millions of people. You need to organize them. You need to give some organize them. You need to give some organize them. You need to give some something to do. Therefore, your something to do. Therefore, your something to do. Therefore, your political flexibility doesn't really political flexibility doesn't really political flexibility doesn't really exist. Okay? So, in other words, okay, exist. Okay? So, in other words, okay, exist. Okay? So, in other words, okay, thinking ahead, there are two solutions. thinking ahead, there are two solutions. thinking ahead, there are two solutions. either you become a theocracy or you either you become a theocracy or you either you become a theocracy or you figure out the problem of not society. figure out the problem of not society. figure out the problem of not society. Okay, if society Okay, if society Okay, if society becomes I mean like I'm sorry to say becomes I mean like I'm sorry to say becomes I mean like I'm sorry to say this but like if most people in the this but like if most people in the this but like if most people in the world died then we would have more world died then we would have more world died then we would have more freedom in this world. Okay, but if but freedom in this world. Okay, but if but freedom in this world. Okay, but if but if we choose to continue the system we if we choose to continue the system we if we choose to continue the system we have 8 billion people struggling on this have 8 billion people struggling on this have 8 billion people struggling on this earth then you're stuck with moving earth then you're stuck with moving earth then you're stuck with moving towards a theocracy. towards a theocracy. towards a theocracy. Okay. So that's what Max Weber is Okay. So that's what Max Weber is Okay. So that's what Max Weber is saying. He's basically saying. He's basically saying. He's basically um giving us a prophecy about our future um giving us a prophecy about our future um giving us a prophecy about our future right now. Okay. Having said right now. Okay. Having said right now. Okay. Having said that, let's look at Durkham. Okay. at Durkham. Okay. Durkham. What's he Durkham. What's he Durkham. What's he saying? He's saying this. Okay. This is saying? He's saying this. Okay. This is saying? He's saying this. Okay. This is really important. Okay. Um it's a hard really important. Okay. Um it's a hard really important. Okay. Um it's a hard argument but this is what he's saying. argument but this is what he's saying. argument but this is what he's saying. All right. Why do you have All right. Why do you have All right. Why do you have suicide? Su suicide is result of suicide? Su suicide is result of suicide? Su suicide is result of disconnection. If we do not think we are disconnection. If we do not think we are disconnection. If we do not think we are valuable in the world. If we think that valuable in the world. If we think that valuable in the world. If we think that we are alone in this world, we don't we are alone in this world, we don't we are alone in this world, we don't want to be part of this world. We kill want to be part of this world. We kill want to be part of this world. We kill ourselves. Okay. It's a very simple ourselves. Okay. It's a very simple ourselves. Okay. It's a very simple idea, right? But then the question then idea, right? But then the question then idea, right? But then the question then is why is your is why is your is why is your disconnection? Because of anxiety, disconnection? Because of anxiety, disconnection? Because of anxiety, right? It's it's a belief that if I don't work It's it's a belief that if I don't work hard, God will not favor hard, God will not favor hard, God will not favor me. Right? Why is anxiety important? me. Right? Why is anxiety important? me. Right? Why is anxiety important? Because it leads to capitalism. So in other capitalism. So in other words, these four concepts are words, these four concepts are words, these four concepts are interconnected. All right? Disconnection interconnected. All right? Disconnection interconnected. All right? Disconnection leads to suicide. But we have leads to suicide. But we have leads to suicide. But we have disconnection because of anxiety. But disconnection because of anxiety. But disconnection because of anxiety. But anxiety is what feeds capitalism. If anxiety is what feeds capitalism. If anxiety is what feeds capitalism. If people weren't anxious, they wouldn't go people weren't anxious, they wouldn't go people weren't anxious, they wouldn't go out and work so hard to make money, out and work so hard to make money, out and work so hard to make money, right? To be like, you know what? I'm right? To be like, you know what? I'm right? To be like, you know what? I'm very happy making my $10 a day and sat very happy making my $10 a day and sat very happy making my $10 a day and sat at home eating noodles because I don't at home eating noodles because I don't at home eating noodles because I don't care, right? Your society would care, right? Your society would care, right? Your society would collapse. Capitalism will collapse. Capitalism will collapse. Capitalism will collapse. Okay? So, so you understand collapse. Okay? So, so you understand collapse. Okay? So, so you understand capitalism creates suicide. That's why capitalism creates suicide. That's why capitalism creates suicide. That's why we have the highest suicide rate in the we have the highest suicide rate in the we have the highest suicide rate in the whole in in in entirety of human whole in in in entirety of human whole in in in entirety of human history. Okay. More anxiety, more history. Okay. More anxiety, more history. Okay. More anxiety, more depression, more suicide, more depression, more suicide, more depression, more suicide, more unhappiness, more loneliness than ever unhappiness, more loneliness than ever unhappiness, more loneliness than ever before in human history. before in human history. before in human history. Okay? So, you can't say capitalis Okay? So, you can't say capitalis Okay? So, you can't say capitalis capitalism is the issue. But if you work capitalism is the issue. But if you work capitalism is the issue. But if you work out the logic, capitalism is the out the logic, capitalism is the out the logic, capitalism is the issue, right? And that's why today in issue, right? And that's why today in issue, right? And that's why today in the United States and elsewhere in the the United States and elsewhere in the the United States and elsewhere in the world, they're talking about a return to world, they're talking about a return to world, they're talking about a return to a theocracy because that the direct a theocracy because that the direct a theocracy because that the direct response to capitalism is a theocracy. response to capitalism is a theocracy. response to capitalism is a theocracy. Let's just all obey the church and we're Let's just all obey the church and we're Let's just all obey the church and we're good. Okay. Now, women will have to stay good. Okay. Now, women will have to stay good. Okay. Now, women will have to stay at home and uh give birth to kids. Oh, at home and uh give birth to kids. Oh, at home and uh give birth to kids. Oh, and also like if you're homosexual, and also like if you're homosexual, and also like if you're homosexual, we're we're going to have to kill you. we're we're going to have to kill you. we're we're going to have to kill you. But, you know, that's the price we we're But, you know, that's the price we we're But, you know, that's the price we we're going to have to pay. Okay. So, it's a going to have to pay. Okay. So, it's a going to have to pay. Okay. So, it's a terrible world that we're going to. But terrible world that we're going to. But terrible world that we're going to. But what Durkin is saying is if we continue what Durkin is saying is if we continue what Durkin is saying is if we continue on the path of capitalism, people are on the path of capitalism, people are on the path of capitalism, people are going to choose the path of theocracy going to choose the path of theocracy going to choose the path of theocracy that theocy theocracy is almost the that theocy theocracy is almost the that theocy theocracy is almost the natural outcome of capitalism because of natural outcome of capitalism because of natural outcome of capitalism because of the problem of the problem of the problem of disconnection. Okay, but are you going disconnection. Okay, but are you going disconnection. Okay, but are you going to be able to defeat capitalism ever? to be able to defeat capitalism ever? to be able to defeat capitalism ever? And the answer is no. Okay, we tried in And the answer is no. Okay, we tried in And the answer is no. Okay, we tried in the 20th century. It led to the death of the 20th century. It led to the death of the 20th century. It led to the death of tens of millions of people. Okay, good tens of millions of people. Okay, good tens of millions of people. Okay, good luck trying to defeat luck trying to defeat luck trying to defeat capitalism. You can't do it. It can't be capitalism. You can't do it. It can't be capitalism. You can't do it. It can't be done. It's too done. It's too done. It's too powerful. powerful. powerful. Okay, does that make sense? Okay, does that make sense? Okay, does that make sense? Okay, any more questions? Okay, great. So, Okay, great. So, um, next Tuesday we do the silent um, next Tuesday we do the silent um, next Tuesday we do the silent revolution. Okay. All right.