Okay, good morning. So today we are Okay, good morning. So today we are doing doing doing um the European conquest of the new um the European conquest of the new um the European conquest of the new world, meaning North and South world, meaning North and South world, meaning North and South America. Um and um so these people who America. Um and um so these people who America. Um and um so these people who start to conquer the new world are start to conquer the new world are start to conquer the new world are called the conquestadors, which is called the conquestadors, which is called the conquestadors, which is Spanish for conquerors. These are Spanish for conquerors. These are Spanish for conquerors. These are mercenaries. They're bandits. They're mercenaries. They're bandits. They're mercenaries. They're bandits. They're lower lowerass people who have to leave lower lowerass people who have to leave lower lowerass people who have to leave Spain and Portugal and look for new Spain and Portugal and look for new Spain and Portugal and look for new opportunities in South and Central opportunities in South and Central opportunities in South and Central America. Okay. So, um some basic America. Okay. So, um some basic America. Okay. So, um some basic history. remember that um when we history. remember that um when we history. remember that um when we discussed this Islamic golden age um the discussed this Islamic golden age um the discussed this Islamic golden age um the Islamic Empire is sort of to connect the Islamic Empire is sort of to connect the Islamic Empire is sort of to connect the world in globalized trade and the world in globalized trade and the world in globalized trade and the networks run all the way from central um networks run all the way from central um networks run all the way from central um Asia over to China into Europe and even Asia over to China into Europe and even Asia over to China into Europe and even into parts of Africa. There's the um into parts of Africa. There's the um into parts of Africa. There's the um maritime silk road that they create uh maritime silk road that they create uh maritime silk road that they create uh because they want the porcelain from because they want the porcelain from because they want the porcelain from China. They also have an overland silk China. They also have an overland silk China. They also have an overland silk road. Okay. And at this point in road. Okay. And at this point in road. Okay. And at this point in history, Spain, which is called A history, Spain, which is called A history, Spain, which is called A Andusa, it's part of the um Islamic Andusa, it's part of the um Islamic Andusa, it's part of the um Islamic world and it it is integrated heavily world and it it is integrated heavily world and it it is integrated heavily into Islamic world. Um it's become very into Islamic world. Um it's become very into Islamic world. Um it's become very wealthy, very cosmopolitan. wealthy, very cosmopolitan. wealthy, very cosmopolitan. Um because of this this globalized trade Um because of this this globalized trade Um because of this this globalized trade becomes much more concentrated becomes becomes much more concentrated becomes becomes much more concentrated becomes much more rapid during the Mongolian much more rapid during the Mongolian much more rapid during the Mongolian conquest. Okay. conquest. Okay. conquest. Okay. And um because of the Mongolian Empire, And um because of the Mongolian Empire, And um because of the Mongolian Empire, the Pax Mongolica um a lot of knowledge, the Pax Mongolica um a lot of knowledge, the Pax Mongolica um a lot of knowledge, a lot of trade is being transferred from a lot of trade is being transferred from a lot of trade is being transferred from the east to the west including paper the east to the west including paper the east to the west including paper which is made in um which was first which is made in um which was first which is made in um which was first invented in China but also gunpowder. invented in China but also gunpowder. invented in China but also gunpowder. Next class we talk about the gunpowder Next class we talk about the gunpowder Next class we talk about the gunpowder revolution which marks a radical change revolution which marks a radical change revolution which marks a radical change in how the world uh works. in how the world uh works. in how the world uh works. Um so um historically we have considered Um so um historically we have considered Um so um historically we have considered the Vikings to be the first to explore the Vikings to be the first to explore the Vikings to be the first to explore the new world. Remember that when we the new world. Remember that when we the new world. Remember that when we discussed the Vikings they made it all discussed the Vikings they made it all discussed the Vikings they made it all the way to present day newfound land um the way to present day newfound land um the way to present day newfound land um and found a col called vine land. Um but and found a col called vine land. Um but and found a col called vine land. Um but the colony didn't last very long and the colony didn't last very long and the colony didn't last very long and that was the first encounter between the that was the first encounter between the that was the first encounter between the Europeans and the native people of North Europeans and the native people of North Europeans and the native people of North America. Um the thing that you learn in America. Um the thing that you learn in America. Um the thing that you learn in this class that's very important to this class that's very important to this class that's very important to understand is the world has always been understand is the world has always been understand is the world has always been in interconnected in some capacity. It's in interconnected in some capacity. It's in interconnected in some capacity. It's always been globalized. So we can assume always been globalized. So we can assume always been globalized. So we can assume that even before the Vikings there were that even before the Vikings there were that even before the Vikings there were some encounters between the old world some encounters between the old world some encounters between the old world and the new world. It could have been and the new world. It could have been and the new world. It could have been the Egyptians. It could have been the the Egyptians. It could have been the the Egyptians. It could have been the Harapens of the Indis Valley Harapens of the Indis Valley Harapens of the Indis Valley civilization. It could al also been the civilization. It could al also been the civilization. It could al also been the Chinese. Okay. Just because we don't Chinese. Okay. Just because we don't Chinese. Okay. Just because we don't have written records or archeological have written records or archeological have written records or archeological evidence does not mean that there was no evidence does not mean that there was no evidence does not mean that there was no contact. We have to assume that there contact. We have to assume that there contact. We have to assume that there was some limited contact between these was some limited contact between these was some limited contact between these worlds. Okay. But it's only until the worlds. Okay. But it's only until the worlds. Okay. But it's only until the 16th century when uh the old world and 16th century when uh the old world and 16th century when uh the old world and the new worlds begin to collide with the new worlds begin to collide with the new worlds begin to collide with each other violently. And the reason why each other violently. And the reason why each other violently. And the reason why is that is that is that um Spain was eventually reconquered by um Spain was eventually reconquered by um Spain was eventually reconquered by the Europeans and it became Christian the Europeans and it became Christian the Europeans and it became Christian and because of that Spain lost its trade and because of that Spain lost its trade and because of that Spain lost its trade roots in the Islamic world. Also at this roots in the Islamic world. Also at this roots in the Islamic world. Also at this particular time in history the Ottoman particular time in history the Ottoman particular time in history the Ottoman Empire is rising in power and what's Empire is rising in power and what's Empire is rising in power and what's really important is that in really important is that in really important is that in 1453 they conquer 1453 they conquer 1453 they conquer Conanapole which is which was the seat Conanapole which is which was the seat Conanapole which is which was the seat of the Eastern Roman Empire. And so now of the Eastern Roman Empire. And so now of the Eastern Roman Empire. And so now for the Europeans to trade with India, for the Europeans to trade with India, for the Europeans to trade with India, China and the rest of East Asia they China and the rest of East Asia they China and the rest of East Asia they have to pay a heavy tax to the Ottomans have to pay a heavy tax to the Ottomans have to pay a heavy tax to the Ottomans and the Italians as well. They don't and the Italians as well. They don't and the Italians as well. They don't want to do that. So their response is to want to do that. So their response is to want to do that. So their response is to discover their own roots to East Asia, discover their own roots to East Asia, discover their own roots to East Asia, to China, to the East Indas and they do to China, to the East Indas and they do to China, to the East Indas and they do um they hire a lot of these u very um they hire a lot of these u very um they hire a lot of these u very experienced Italian um um seammen. So experienced Italian um um seammen. So experienced Italian um um seammen. So Christoph Columbus is from Ginoa. He is Christoph Columbus is from Ginoa. He is Christoph Columbus is from Ginoa. He is Italian and he was hired to go discover Italian and he was hired to go discover Italian and he was hired to go discover a route to China. a route to China. a route to China. uh and he ended up in discovering um uh and he ended up in discovering um uh and he ended up in discovering um North America North America North America basically. Um so all the major powers basically. Um so all the major powers basically. Um so all the major powers France, England, Portugal, Spain, they France, England, Portugal, Spain, they France, England, Portugal, Spain, they are engaging in maritime are engaging in maritime are engaging in maritime exploration. Okay. And um start starting exploration. Okay. And um start starting exploration. Okay. And um start starting about the in the 16th century what about the in the 16th century what about the in the 16th century what happen is that the Spanish will start to happen is that the Spanish will start to happen is that the Spanish will start to conquer Central America and South conquer Central America and South conquer Central America and South America. and they do so in less than 30 America. and they do so in less than 30 America. and they do so in less than 30 years. Okay, it's a very quick conquest. And um so you can you can see conquest. And um so you can you can see that during the 16th century uh there's that during the 16th century uh there's that during the 16th century uh there's a lot of exploration going on. There's a a lot of exploration going on. There's a a lot of exploration going on. There's a lot of contacts being made. Um the Portuguese are really the made. Um the Portuguese are really the first to establish the maritime empire. first to establish the maritime empire. first to establish the maritime empire. And so the question then is why is it And so the question then is why is it And so the question then is why is it that the Portuguese end up establishing that the Portuguese end up establishing that the Portuguese end up establishing colonies in Africa, in India, in China, colonies in Africa, in India, in China, colonies in Africa, in India, in China, uh throughout the East Indies. And the uh throughout the East Indies. And the uh throughout the East Indies. And the reason why is that the fear was that reason why is that the fear was that reason why is that the fear was that Portugal and Spain would come into Portugal and Spain would come into Portugal and Spain would come into conflict with each other. So the Pope conflict with each other. So the Pope conflict with each other. So the Pope divided the world into two. So the divided the world into two. So the divided the world into two. So the Portuguese got um this part of the world Portuguese got um this part of the world Portuguese got um this part of the world and the Spanish got the new world and the Spanish got the new world and the Spanish got the new world basically and the Spanish obviously got basically and the Spanish obviously got basically and the Spanish obviously got the very the better end of this deal but the very the better end of this deal but the very the better end of this deal but that was the that was the that was the arrangement. Okay. So the Spanish got arrangement. Okay. So the Spanish got arrangement. Okay. So the Spanish got all of um present day Mexico, Central all of um present day Mexico, Central all of um present day Mexico, Central America and most of South America. And America and most of South America. And America and most of South America. And there's a lot of gold, a lot of silver there's a lot of gold, a lot of silver there's a lot of gold, a lot of silver within these uh regions. And as a within these uh regions. And as a within these uh regions. And as a result, Spain became very wealthy. Okay. Um eventually the British and the Okay. Um eventually the British and the French will get involved as well. But French will get involved as well. But French will get involved as well. But because South America and Central because South America and Central because South America and Central America were already taken by the America were already taken by the America were already taken by the Spanish and the Portuguese, they ended Spanish and the Portuguese, they ended Spanish and the Portuguese, they ended up in North America, which was cold and up in North America, which was cold and up in North America, which was cold and poor and inhabited by lots of very poor and inhabited by lots of very poor and inhabited by lots of very aggressive and violent uh natives. aggressive and violent uh natives. aggressive and violent uh natives. And it turned out that um in the long And it turned out that um in the long And it turned out that um in the long run this would would be prove this would run this would would be prove this would run this would would be prove this would be this would prove to be more be this would prove to be more be this would prove to be more beneficial for the British. Okay, in the beneficial for the British. Okay, in the beneficial for the British. Okay, in the long run uh but currently the Spanish long run uh but currently the Spanish long run uh but currently the Spanish have accumulate all the wealth in the have accumulate all the wealth in the have accumulate all the wealth in the new world. Okay. So new world. Okay. So new world. Okay. So um the main thing I want you to remember um the main thing I want you to remember um the main thing I want you to remember is that because the old world and the is that because the old world and the is that because the old world and the new world new world new world collided, this marked a revolution in collided, this marked a revolution in collided, this marked a revolution in European agriculture because now the European agriculture because now the European agriculture because now the Europeans could import these extremely Europeans could import these extremely Europeans could import these extremely nutritious and easy to produce nutritious and easy to produce nutritious and easy to produce vegetables back into Europe. So the corn vegetables back into Europe. So the corn vegetables back into Europe. So the corn was was was invented by the native people of Central invented by the native people of Central invented by the native people of Central America. Corn is not naturally produced. America. Corn is not naturally produced. America. Corn is not naturally produced. You have to uh basically um You have to uh basically um You have to uh basically um scientifically invented by crossbreeding scientifically invented by crossbreeding scientifically invented by crossbreeding different crops. Okay. It's a very long different crops. Okay. It's a very long different crops. Okay. It's a very long process and corn allowed for the man process and corn allowed for the man process and corn allowed for the man civilization to flourish. So corn is an civilization to flourish. So corn is an civilization to flourish. So corn is an extremely important nutrient that's easy extremely important nutrient that's easy extremely important nutrient that's easy to produce, cheap and very nutritious. to produce, cheap and very nutritious. to produce, cheap and very nutritious. So is the potato. Okay, the potato over So is the potato. Okay, the potato over So is the potato. Okay, the potato over time will become the staple food of time will become the staple food of time will become the staple food of Europeans. Um, so are peanuts, so are Europeans. Um, so are peanuts, so are Europeans. Um, so are peanuts, so are squash, so is the tomato. Okay, so all squash, so is the tomato. Okay, so all squash, so is the tomato. Okay, so all these foods that we take for granted these foods that we take for granted these foods that we take for granted were actually first domesticated in the were actually first domesticated in the were actually first domesticated in the old world which was then transported to old world which was then transported to old world which was then transported to new world. And because of these very new world. And because of these very new world. And because of these very nutritious foods and they're far more nutritious foods and they're far more nutritious foods and they're far more nutritious than wheat, you have an nutritious than wheat, you have an nutritious than wheat, you have an population explosion in Europe. Okay, so population explosion in Europe. Okay, so population explosion in Europe. Okay, so this is very important. I want you I this is very important. I want you I this is very important. I want you I want you guys to remember this. The want you guys to remember this. The want you guys to remember this. The potato, the corn led to a population potato, the corn led to a population potato, the corn led to a population explosion in Europe. And what the what explosion in Europe. And what the what explosion in Europe. And what the what did the natives get? Well, they got a did the natives get? Well, they got a did the natives get? Well, they got a lot of diseases, right? They got a lot lot of diseases, right? They got a lot lot of diseases, right? They got a lot of measles and small small pox. So, um, of measles and small small pox. So, um, of measles and small small pox. So, um, the question we're looking at this the question we're looking at this the question we're looking at this morning morning morning is how did a few thousand conquisitors, is how did a few thousand conquisitors, is how did a few thousand conquisitors, Spanish mercenaries basically, how were Spanish mercenaries basically, how were Spanish mercenaries basically, how were they able they able they able to conquer millions and millions of to conquer millions and millions of to conquer millions and millions of indig indigenous people in South indig indigenous people in South indig indigenous people in South America. There were three main America. There were three main America. There were three main civilizations in South America at this civilizations in South America at this civilizations in South America at this time. The Aztecs, the Mayans, and the time. The Aztecs, the Mayans, and the time. The Aztecs, the Mayans, and the Incas. And the Spanish were able to Incas. And the Spanish were able to Incas. And the Spanish were able to conquer all three major civilizations in conquer all three major civilizations in conquer all three major civilizations in less than uh 30 years. So how were they less than uh 30 years. So how were they less than uh 30 years. So how were they able to do so? Okay, that's a question able to do so? Okay, that's a question able to do so? Okay, that's a question we're looking at this morning. Okay. Now we're looking at this morning. Okay. Now we're looking at this morning. Okay. Now the center explanation is three-fold. the center explanation is three-fold. the center explanation is three-fold. When you talk to scholars, there are When you talk to scholars, there are When you talk to scholars, there are three explanations for how this three explanations for how this three explanations for how this happened. It was a perfect storm of happened. It was a perfect storm of happened. It was a perfect storm of three factors. Okay. The first is the three factors. Okay. The first is the three factors. Okay. The first is the native people were not in contact with native people were not in contact with native people were not in contact with the Europeans. So the Europeans brought the Europeans. So the Europeans brought the Europeans. So the Europeans brought with them these diseases that the native with them these diseases that the native with them these diseases that the native people had no immunity against. Okay? people had no immunity against. Okay? people had no immunity against. Okay? And the four major ones are smallox, And the four major ones are smallox, And the four major ones are smallox, measles, typhus, and chlora. And this measles, typhus, and chlora. And this measles, typhus, and chlora. And this wiped out about wiped out about wiped out about 80% of the population in North and South 80% of the population in North and South 80% of the population in North and South America. It was basically a genocide. America. It was basically a genocide. America. It was basically a genocide. Okay, 80% is a lot of people. We're Okay, 80% is a lot of people. We're Okay, 80% is a lot of people. We're talking about millions and millions of talking about millions and millions of talking about millions and millions of people. Second major factor is that um people. Second major factor is that um people. Second major factor is that um there were these eternal internal there were these eternal internal there were these eternal internal conflicts, tribal warfare among the conflicts, tribal warfare among the conflicts, tribal warfare among the native people and the Europeans, the native people and the Europeans, the native people and the Europeans, the Spanners exploited this. They they were Spanners exploited this. They they were Spanners exploited this. They they were basically used a divide and conquer basically used a divide and conquer basically used a divide and conquer strategy against the natives, right? You strategy against the natives, right? You strategy against the natives, right? You first um unite with a tribe that hated first um unite with a tribe that hated first um unite with a tribe that hated the Aztecs. You you conquer the Aztecs the Aztecs. You you conquer the Aztecs the Aztecs. You you conquer the Aztecs together and then you enslave the uh the together and then you enslave the uh the together and then you enslave the uh the tribes. Okay, so that's a divine conquer tribes. Okay, so that's a divine conquer tribes. Okay, so that's a divine conquer strategy. And the third uh factor is uh strategy. And the third uh factor is uh strategy. And the third uh factor is uh the Europeans had superior weapons and the Europeans had superior weapons and the Europeans had superior weapons and technology. Okay, they had armor, they technology. Okay, they had armor, they technology. Okay, they had armor, they had cannons, they had horses. The had cannons, they had horses. The had cannons, they had horses. The natives didn't have access to any of natives didn't have access to any of natives didn't have access to any of this technology. So this technology. So this technology. So um um that's the three-l explanations. um um that's the three-l explanations. um um that's the three-l explanations. But But But um if you ask the Spanish at that time, um if you ask the Spanish at that time, um if you ask the Spanish at that time, how did you do it? How are you able to how did you do it? How are you able to how did you do it? How are you able to with a few thousand soldiers conquer with a few thousand soldiers conquer with a few thousand soldiers conquer this this this vast territory? And the Spanish would vast territory? And the Spanish would vast territory? And the Spanish would would just say because one, God willed would just say because one, God willed would just say because one, God willed it. Our God made us conquerors. It was a it. Our God made us conquerors. It was a it. Our God made us conquerors. It was a divine mission from God. Okay? And the divine mission from God. Okay? And the divine mission from God. Okay? And the second second second is we were so powerful that the natives is we were so powerful that the natives is we were so powerful that the natives bowed before us. They saw us as gods. bowed before us. They saw us as gods. bowed before us. They saw us as gods. Okay? That was a center explanation Okay? That was a center explanation Okay? That was a center explanation um of the Spanish at that time. And um of the Spanish at that time. And um of the Spanish at that time. And because this is clearly a very racist because this is clearly a very racist because this is clearly a very racist attitude, right? We're superior. We are attitude, right? We're superior. We are attitude, right? We're superior. We are white. We're here to civilize you. white. We're here to civilize you. white. We're here to civilize you. Scholars have rejected this explanation. Scholars have rejected this explanation. Scholars have rejected this explanation. Okay? But what I want to show you today, Okay? But what I want to show you today, Okay? But what I want to show you today, uh, and I know this is going to be uh, and I know this is going to be uh, and I know this is going to be controversial, and so please feel feel controversial, and so please feel feel controversial, and so please feel feel free to debate or ask questions or point free to debate or ask questions or point free to debate or ask questions or point out inconsistencies in my argument. out inconsistencies in my argument. out inconsistencies in my argument. Okay? But I want to argue today that Okay? But I want to argue today that Okay? But I want to argue today that this the original Spanish argument this the original Spanish argument this the original Spanish argument actually has much more evidence. It actually has much more evidence. It actually has much more evidence. It makes much more logical and coherent makes much more logical and coherent makes much more logical and coherent sense than the current scholarly sense than the current scholarly sense than the current scholarly interpretation. Okay, does that make interpretation. Okay, does that make interpretation. Okay, does that make sense? All right, so this is my thesis. sense? All right, so this is my thesis. sense? All right, so this is my thesis. This is my This is my This is my argument. The religious beliefs and argument. The religious beliefs and argument. The religious beliefs and practice of the Aztecs, Incas, and practice of the Aztecs, Incas, and practice of the Aztecs, Incas, and Mayans made them vulnerable to Spanish Mayans made them vulnerable to Spanish Mayans made them vulnerable to Spanish conquest. So the ultimate weakness of conquest. So the ultimate weakness of conquest. So the ultimate weakness of these people was their religion. Okay, these people was their religion. Okay, these people was their religion. Okay, you're not allowed to say this today in you're not allowed to say this today in you're not allowed to say this today in university because um it's absolutely university because um it's absolutely university because um it's absolutely correct. But I want you to make that correct. But I want you to make that correct. But I want you to make that argument because I think this is what argument because I think this is what argument because I think this is what makes the most academic, logical, and makes the most academic, logical, and makes the most academic, logical, and coherent sense. Okay, that's my thesis coherent sense. Okay, that's my thesis coherent sense. Okay, that's my thesis to you to you to you today. Okay, so um um a quick picture to today. Okay, so um um a quick picture to today. Okay, so um um a quick picture to contrast the collision of civilizations. contrast the collision of civilizations. contrast the collision of civilizations. Okay, so the ASC people uh they're Okay, so the ASC people uh they're Okay, so the ASC people uh they're ferocious warriors. They love war ferocious warriors. They love war ferocious warriors. They love war but they have wooden spears and they but they have wooden spears and they but they have wooden spears and they have no armor. Okay. Whereas the have no armor. Okay. Whereas the have no armor. Okay. Whereas the Europeans they have swords, they have Europeans they have swords, they have Europeans they have swords, they have shields, they have armor. Okay. So this shields, they have armor. Okay. So this shields, they have armor. Okay. So this is a class of civilizations. All right. is a class of civilizations. All right. is a class of civilizations. All right. Okay. So um let's go back to beginning Okay. So um let's go back to beginning Okay. So um let's go back to beginning of time and one thing that you learn we of time and one thing that you learn we of time and one thing that you learn we talked about before is how civilizations talked about before is how civilizations talked about before is how civilizations arise because of three factors, right? arise because of three factors, right? arise because of three factors, right? geography um is the main factor. Okay. So, you um is the main factor. Okay. So, you want to be in a temperate climate. You want to be in a temperate climate. You want to be in a temperate climate. You need rivers in order to have need rivers in order to have need rivers in order to have civilizations and you need natural civilizations and you need natural civilizations and you need natural boundaries like mountains in order to boundaries like mountains in order to boundaries like mountains in order to protect yourself from invaders. Okay? protect yourself from invaders. Okay? protect yourself from invaders. Okay? And that's why the five earliest And that's why the five earliest And that's why the five earliest civilizations are all in this latitude civilizations are all in this latitude civilizations are all in this latitude right here. Okay? Right here. And they right here. Okay? Right here. And they right here. Okay? Right here. And they are China, India, the Inis Valley are China, India, the Inis Valley are China, India, the Inis Valley civilization, the Rapids, Mesopotamia, civilization, the Rapids, Mesopotamia, civilization, the Rapids, Mesopotamia, which is here, Egypt, which is here, which is here, Egypt, which is here, which is here, Egypt, which is here, sorry, and the Mayan civilization. All sorry, and the Mayan civilization. All sorry, and the Mayan civilization. All right? And what's amazing is that when right? And what's amazing is that when right? And what's amazing is that when you start to analyze all five you start to analyze all five you start to analyze all five civilizations, you will discover there's civilizations, you will discover there's civilizations, you will discover there's actually a lot of similarities, a lot of actually a lot of similarities, a lot of actually a lot of similarities, a lot of common characteristics among these five common characteristics among these five common characteristics among these five civilizations. civilizations. civilizations. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um, so yeah. So this part of the world Um, so yeah. So this part of the world Um, so yeah. So this part of the world right here. Okay. The chopper cancer. right here. Okay. The chopper cancer. right here. Okay. The chopper cancer. This is where all five civilizations This is where all five civilizations This is where all five civilizations first developed around this first developed around this first developed around this area. Okay. So the main civilization was area. Okay. So the main civilization was area. Okay. So the main civilization was one was just an astounding civilization. one was just an astounding civilization. one was just an astounding civilization. Uh they had millions and millions of Uh they had millions and millions of Uh they had millions and millions of people. They spread all across Central people. They spread all across Central people. They spread all across Central America. They had science, they had America. They had science, they had America. They had science, they had astronomy, they had mathematics, they astronomy, they had mathematics, they astronomy, they had mathematics, they had a written language. had a written language. had a written language. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um they built pyramids. Uh so these are Um they built pyramids. Uh so these are Um they built pyramids. Uh so these are all these temples to worship their uh all these temples to worship their uh all these temples to worship their uh their their their gods. They had something called the main gods. They had something called the main gods. They had something called the main calendar. And it's an astonishing calendar. And it's an astonishing calendar. And it's an astonishing achievement achievement achievement because back then they used 365 days. So because back then they used 365 days. So because back then they used 365 days. So it was Egyptian was actually the first it was Egyptian was actually the first it was Egyptian was actually the first to use a solar calendar. The Mayans to use a solar calendar. The Mayans to use a solar calendar. The Mayans independently also created their own independently also created their own independently also created their own calendar. And um if you actually study calendar. And um if you actually study calendar. And um if you actually study the calendar um it's actually a very the calendar um it's actually a very the calendar um it's actually a very sophisticated, very nuanced, extremely sophisticated, very nuanced, extremely sophisticated, very nuanced, extremely scientific um instrument that they use scientific um instrument that they use scientific um instrument that they use for for for agriculture. Um the most astonishing agriculture. Um the most astonishing agriculture. Um the most astonishing achievement of the Mayans was achievement of the Mayans was achievement of the Mayans was agriculture. And this is no different agriculture. And this is no different agriculture. And this is no different from science. Okay, they not only were from science. Okay, they not only were from science. Okay, they not only were the first to invent corn. Okay, again the first to invent corn. Okay, again the first to invent corn. Okay, again what's really important for us to what's really important for us to what's really important for us to remember is that corn is not produced remember is that corn is not produced remember is that corn is not produced naturally. Nature did not produce corn. naturally. Nature did not produce corn. naturally. Nature did not produce corn. The Mayans invented corn. And this was The Mayans invented corn. And this was The Mayans invented corn. And this was important because it allowed them to important because it allowed them to important because it allowed them to feed a large population with very feed a large population with very feed a large population with very limited agriculture. But not only that, limited agriculture. But not only that, limited agriculture. But not only that, but they figure out the most efficient but they figure out the most efficient but they figure out the most efficient way to use farmland. And this is called way to use farmland. And this is called way to use farmland. And this is called a three sisters planting. Okay. What a three sisters planting. Okay. What a three sisters planting. Okay. What they would do is this. They would grow they would do is this. They would grow they would do is this. They would grow corn, bean, and squash together in a corn, bean, and squash together in a corn, bean, and squash together in a symbiotic relationship so that they're symbiotic relationship so that they're symbiotic relationship so that they're all helping each other uh nourish all helping each other uh nourish all helping each other uh nourish themselves and grow. Okay. So, the corn themselves and grow. Okay. So, the corn themselves and grow. Okay. So, the corn will provide the structure in order for will provide the structure in order for will provide the structure in order for the beans to climb in order to reach the beans to climb in order to reach the beans to climb in order to reach sunlight. Okay. The bean will fertilize sunlight. Okay. The bean will fertilize sunlight. Okay. The bean will fertilize the corn and squash by releasing the corn and squash by releasing the corn and squash by releasing nitrogen into the soil and the squash nitrogen into the soil and the squash nitrogen into the soil and the squash will basically prevent um weeds and will basically prevent um weeds and will basically prevent um weeds and insects uh from invading this ecosystem. insects uh from invading this ecosystem. insects uh from invading this ecosystem. Okay, so it's a it's a perfect symbiotic Okay, so it's a it's a perfect symbiotic Okay, so it's a it's a perfect symbiotic relationship that we still use today. relationship that we still use today. relationship that we still use today. And because of this sudden breakthrough And because of this sudden breakthrough And because of this sudden breakthrough um the Mayans were able to build a um the Mayans were able to build a um the Mayans were able to build a civilization of millions and millions of civilization of millions and millions of civilization of millions and millions of people. Okay. It was is it was it's just people. Okay. It was is it was it's just people. Okay. It was is it was it's just an incredible an incredible an incredible uh achievement. uh achievement. uh achievement. Okay. Any any questions? Okay. All Okay. Any any questions? Okay. All Okay. Any any questions? Okay. All right. Let's let's continue. Um as we right. Let's let's continue. Um as we right. Let's let's continue. Um as we discussed in this class, all discussed in this class, all discussed in this class, all civilizations rise and fall. That's just civilizations rise and fall. That's just civilizations rise and fall. That's just a natural cycle. there's nothing you can a natural cycle. there's nothing you can a natural cycle. there's nothing you can do to prevent them from declining over do to prevent them from declining over do to prevent them from declining over time. Same process with the Mayans where time. Same process with the Mayans where time. Same process with the Mayans where over time because of their breakthroughs over time because of their breakthroughs over time because of their breakthroughs in agriculture they reach a peak uh in in agriculture they reach a peak uh in in agriculture they reach a peak uh in about the year 780 80 in their about the year 780 80 in their about the year 780 80 in their population but after the after they population but after the after they population but after the after they reach a peak okay this is really reach a peak okay this is really reach a peak okay this is really important there's a huge decline all important there's a huge decline all important there's a huge decline all right and the thing that you learn in right and the thing that you learn in right and the thing that you learn in this class is that there are three uh this class is that there are three uh this class is that there are three uh sorry there are sorry uh so scientists sorry there are sorry uh so scientists sorry there are sorry uh so scientists have looked at the reasons for this have looked at the reasons for this have looked at the reasons for this decline and what they discovered is decline and what they discovered is decline and what they discovered is ecological collapse. Okay, so you have ecological collapse. Okay, so you have ecological collapse. Okay, so you have this huge increase in population and this huge increase in population and this huge increase in population and this leads to deforestation and soil this leads to deforestation and soil this leads to deforestation and soil erosion. Basically, they're able they're erosion. Basically, they're able they're erosion. Basically, they're able they're not able to grow farmland anymore and not able to grow farmland anymore and not able to grow farmland anymore and that's why their civilization has that's why their civilization has that's why their civilization has collapsed. Okay, but the question then collapsed. Okay, but the question then collapsed. Okay, but the question then is is this correlation or is this is is this correlation or is this is is this correlation or is this causation? Right? Do you guys causation? Right? Do you guys causation? Right? Do you guys understand? Right? Because scientists understand? Right? Because scientists understand? Right? Because scientists will will scholars will tell you this is will will scholars will tell you this is will will scholars will tell you this is causation. is because they had an over causation. is because they had an over causation. is because they had an over population so they were um using too population so they were um using too population so they were um using too much of the land and so it led to much of the land and so it led to much of the land and so it led to deforestation and so erosion okay that's deforestation and so erosion okay that's deforestation and so erosion okay that's causation I but some other scholars causation I but some other scholars causation I but some other scholars argue it is argue it is argue it is correlation and the reason why is that correlation and the reason why is that correlation and the reason why is that mans are uh really famous for their mans are uh really famous for their mans are uh really famous for their ecological management they're they're ecological management they're they're ecological management they're they're masters at being able to ma manage their masters at being able to ma manage their masters at being able to ma manage their environment so this could be a environment so this could be a environment so this could be a correlation and not causation so Then correlation and not causation so Then correlation and not causation so Then what's the causation? Okay. Well, if we what's the causation? Okay. Well, if we what's the causation? Okay. Well, if we look at all civilizations, there are look at all civilizations, there are look at all civilizations, there are three factors that lead to the decline. three factors that lead to the decline. three factors that lead to the decline. All right. If a civilization is All right. If a civilization is All right. If a civilization is prosperous, stable, and peaceful, guess prosperous, stable, and peaceful, guess prosperous, stable, and peaceful, guess what? Three things always happen. The what? Three things always happen. The what? Three things always happen. The first is the idea of elite over first is the idea of elite over first is the idea of elite over production. Right? The Peter Turin production. Right? The Peter Turin production. Right? The Peter Turin argument, which is that over time you argument, which is that over time you argument, which is that over time you have too many nobles, you have too many have too many nobles, you have too many have too many nobles, you have too many elite who compete for status together. elite who compete for status together. elite who compete for status together. Okay, that's the first problem. Second Okay, that's the first problem. Second Okay, that's the first problem. Second problem is the idea of rat utopia where problem is the idea of rat utopia where problem is the idea of rat utopia where old people live too long and as such old people live too long and as such old people live too long and as such young people are not able to inherit young people are not able to inherit young people are not able to inherit status and this leads to a status and this leads to a status and this leads to a malfunctioning of society. Okay, because malfunctioning of society. Okay, because malfunctioning of society. Okay, because young people feel they have no young people feel they have no young people feel they have no opportunities. Same thing that's opportunities. Same thing that's opportunities. Same thing that's happening in the world today where in happening in the world today where in happening in the world today where in America there's something called quite America there's something called quite America there's something called quite quitting in China there's something quitting in China there's something quitting in China there's something called lying flat tonging. Okay. And the called lying flat tonging. Okay. And the called lying flat tonging. Okay. And the third is the idea of finance third is the idea of finance third is the idea of finance financialization debt slavery. And the financialization debt slavery. And the financialization debt slavery. And the idea here is that if you're a very idea here is that if you're a very idea here is that if you're a very prosperous society, it's very hard to prosperous society, it's very hard to prosperous society, it's very hard to get people to work because they don't get people to work because they don't get people to work because they don't really want material goods. All they really want material goods. All they really want material goods. All they want to do is have enough food to feed want to do is have enough food to feed want to do is have enough food to feed their family and they're good. Okay? their family and they're good. Okay? their family and they're good. Okay? That's why if you pay them more, they That's why if you pay them more, they That's why if you pay them more, they actually work less. So the only way you actually work less. So the only way you actually work less. So the only way you get them to work more is if you get them get them to work more is if you get them get them to work more is if you get them into debt. Okay? You enslave them. And into debt. Okay? You enslave them. And into debt. Okay? You enslave them. And that's that's what every civilization that's that's what every civilization that's that's what every civilization has done since the dawn of time. Debt has done since the dawn of time. Debt has done since the dawn of time. Debt slavery in order to get in order to slavery in order to get in order to slavery in order to get in order to produce get people to work harder. Okay, produce get people to work harder. Okay, produce get people to work harder. Okay, this idea of financialization. Uh so all this idea of financialization. Uh so all this idea of financialization. Uh so all three things are correlated. They are three things are correlated. They are three things are correlated. They are symbiotic. They work together and they symbiotic. They work together and they symbiotic. They work together and they all spell the end of civilization. Okay, all spell the end of civilization. Okay, all spell the end of civilization. Okay, this is true for Rome. This is true for this is true for Rome. This is true for this is true for Rome. This is true for the Mayans. This is this has been true the Mayans. This is this has been true the Mayans. This is this has been true also for China throughout its history. also for China throughout its history. also for China throughout its history. Okay, does that make sense, guys? All Okay, does that make sense, guys? All Okay, does that make sense, guys? All right. All right. Um so as the man right. All right. Um so as the man right. All right. Um so as the man civilization collapsed people diffused civilization collapsed people diffused civilization collapsed people diffused all over Central and South America and all over Central and South America and all over Central and South America and they brought with them the main culture they brought with them the main culture they brought with them the main culture okay because the main culture was the okay because the main culture was the okay because the main culture was the dominant culture of that time. It's like dominant culture of that time. It's like dominant culture of that time. It's like China in uh Southeast Asia. China is China in uh Southeast Asia. China is China in uh Southeast Asia. China is this huge sun that shines light on all this huge sun that shines light on all this huge sun that shines light on all other uh countries including Japan and other uh countries including Japan and other uh countries including Japan and uh South Korea. And what will happen uh South Korea. And what will happen uh South Korea. And what will happen over time is that um different tribes over time is that um different tribes over time is that um different tribes will fight over to inherit the main will fight over to inherit the main will fight over to inherit the main legacy. Okay? They will take they will legacy. Okay? They will take they will legacy. Okay? They will take they will um compete against each other in order um compete against each other in order um compete against each other in order to to be become the major empire. And to to be become the major empire. And to to be become the major empire. And the nation that eventually wins out in the nation that eventually wins out in the nation that eventually wins out in Central America I'll call the Aztecs. Central America I'll call the Aztecs. Central America I'll call the Aztecs. The Aztecs are really interesting The Aztecs are really interesting The Aztecs are really interesting people. Okay. So um and they're very people. Okay. So um and they're very people. Okay. So um and they're very similar to the Romans. So um if you similar to the Romans. So um if you similar to the Romans. So um if you think Aztec, think Romans as well. The think Aztec, think Romans as well. The think Aztec, think Romans as well. The main similarity is that both the Aztecs main similarity is that both the Aztecs main similarity is that both the Aztecs and the Romans are societies based on and the Romans are societies based on and the Romans are societies based on war. They love war. All they want to do war. They love war. All they want to do war. They love war. All they want to do is fight war. Okay. So, um the Aztecs is fight war. Okay. So, um the Aztecs is fight war. Okay. So, um the Aztecs are originally are originally are originally from southern United States. Okay. What? from southern United States. Okay. What? from southern United States. Okay. What? Southern United States. And because of Southern United States. And because of Southern United States. And because of climate change, they have to migrate to climate change, they have to migrate to climate change, they have to migrate to Central America for food. Central America for food. Central America for food. Um problem is that central America was Um problem is that central America was Um problem is that central America was already overpop populated and they start already overpop populated and they start already overpop populated and they start to hire themselves out as mercenaries to to hire themselves out as mercenaries to to hire themselves out as mercenaries to the other tribes and then eventually the other tribes and then eventually the other tribes and then eventually they came into conflicts with the other they came into conflicts with the other they came into conflicts with the other tribes and they became isolated in a tribes and they became isolated in a tribes and they became isolated in a place called Technotech. Okay. And this place called Technotech. Okay. And this place called Technotech. Okay. And this basically swamp land. It's very hard to basically swamp land. It's very hard to basically swamp land. It's very hard to grow food in Tennote. Um today Tenno grow food in Tennote. Um today Tenno grow food in Tennote. Um today Tenno Techlan is called what city do you guys Techlan is called what city do you guys Techlan is called what city do you guys know? Tenno Techlan is called what city know? Tenno Techlan is called what city know? Tenno Techlan is called what city today? Can you guess? Mexico City. Okay. today? Can you guess? Mexico City. Okay. today? Can you guess? Mexico City. Okay. So, Mexico City, if you have a chance to So, Mexico City, if you have a chance to So, Mexico City, if you have a chance to visit there, it is actually on the site visit there, it is actually on the site visit there, it is actually on the site of Tenno Techlan, which is a city that of Tenno Techlan, which is a city that of Tenno Techlan, which is a city that the Aztecs founded. And remember, back the Aztecs founded. And remember, back the Aztecs founded. And remember, back then it was all basically swamp land. then it was all basically swamp land. then it was all basically swamp land. And so, something miraculous happened. And so, something miraculous happened. And so, something miraculous happened. The Aztecs adapted themselves to the The Aztecs adapted themselves to the The Aztecs adapted themselves to the swamp land and they began to swamp land and they began to swamp land and they began to um focus on um focus on um focus on um agriculture. Okay. Okay. And this um agriculture. Okay. Okay. And this um agriculture. Okay. Okay. And this agriculture was very innovative. Uh they agriculture was very innovative. Uh they agriculture was very innovative. Uh they turned basically swamp land into turned basically swamp land into turned basically swamp land into farmland and it allowed for the farmland and it allowed for the farmland and it allowed for the populations to increase and prosper. So populations to increase and prosper. So populations to increase and prosper. So swampland is bad because you can't swampland is bad because you can't swampland is bad because you can't really grow crops, but swampland is good really grow crops, but swampland is good really grow crops, but swampland is good because it's pretty defensible. Okay. because it's pretty defensible. Okay. because it's pretty defensible. Okay. So, so they were able to very quickly So, so they were able to very quickly So, so they were able to very quickly expand their expand their expand their population. And so what did they do? population. And so what did they do? population. And so what did they do? Well, they started to conquer other Well, they started to conquer other Well, they started to conquer other territories because this is a war territories because this is a war territories because this is a war society. Okay, it is a heavily military society. Okay, it is a heavily military society. Okay, it is a heavily military society focused on war. The religion is society focused on war. The religion is society focused on war. The religion is to uh defeat enemies and then sacrifice to uh defeat enemies and then sacrifice to uh defeat enemies and then sacrifice these enemies to their god who um these enemies to their god who um these enemies to their god who um maintains his vitality through blood maintains his vitality through blood maintains his vitality through blood sacrifice. sacrifice. sacrifice. Okay. Um so the sex were known for the Okay. Um so the sex were known for the Okay. Um so the sex were known for the most grotesque forms of human sacrifice. most grotesque forms of human sacrifice. most grotesque forms of human sacrifice. They would sacrifice thousand people at They would sacrifice thousand people at They would sacrifice thousand people at once. They would also sacrifice you once. They would also sacrifice you once. They would also sacrifice you while you were alive. Uh so they would while you were alive. Uh so they would while you were alive. Uh so they would shut you up and then cut out your heart shut you up and then cut out your heart shut you up and then cut out your heart while you were alive. And obviously the while you were alive. And obviously the while you were alive. And obviously the the entire point was terror. Okay, to the entire point was terror. Okay, to the entire point was terror. Okay, to terrorize your enemies and to unite your terrorize your enemies and to unite your terrorize your enemies and to unite your people. And um what's really important people. And um what's really important people. And um what's really important for us to remember is that all war for us to remember is that all war for us to remember is that all war societies including the Romans, the societies including the Romans, the societies including the Romans, the Vikings, and the Aztecs practice a form Vikings, and the Aztecs practice a form Vikings, and the Aztecs practice a form of human sacrifice. Okay, remember this. of human sacrifice. Okay, remember this. of human sacrifice. Okay, remember this. It's very important. The Vikings, we we It's very important. The Vikings, we we It's very important. The Vikings, we we we discussed how they practice human we discussed how they practice human we discussed how they practice human sacrifice. Um the Romans also practice sacrifice. Um the Romans also practice sacrifice. Um the Romans also practice human sacrifice. And this is something human sacrifice. And this is something human sacrifice. And this is something that they sort of um hid in their that they sort of um hid in their that they sort of um hid in their history. Um so the way they practice history. Um so the way they practice history. Um so the way they practice their human sacrifice is at the end of their human sacrifice is at the end of their human sacrifice is at the end of every major militia campaign they would every major militia campaign they would every major militia campaign they would they would have a parade called a they would have a parade called a they would have a parade called a triumph. Okay they would parade their triumph. Okay they would parade their triumph. Okay they would parade their war captives across city of Rome and war captives across city of Rome and war captives across city of Rome and then these war captives were taken to then these war captives were taken to then these war captives were taken to the temple of Jupiter where the parade the temple of Jupiter where the parade the temple of Jupiter where the parade would end and then they would be would end and then they would be would end and then they would be strangled to death in front of Jupiter. strangled to death in front of Jupiter. strangled to death in front of Jupiter. That's human sacrifice. Okay that's That's human sacrifice. Okay that's That's human sacrifice. Okay that's that's that's like having human that's that's like having human that's that's like having human sacrifice. There's another word for it. sacrifice. There's another word for it. sacrifice. There's another word for it. But the woman said oh no no no we don't But the woman said oh no no no we don't But the woman said oh no no no we don't do this. Okay, we don't do human do this. Okay, we don't do human do this. Okay, we don't do human sacrifice because we're much more sacrifice because we're much more sacrifice because we're much more civilized than other people and they civilized than other people and they civilized than other people and they never explain why the strangulation is never explain why the strangulation is never explain why the strangulation is not human sacrifice. Okay. All not human sacrifice. Okay. All not human sacrifice. Okay. All right. Over time, because the Aztecs right. Over time, because the Aztecs right. Over time, because the Aztecs were such a violent aggressive people, were such a violent aggressive people, were such a violent aggressive people, they like the Romans were able to take they like the Romans were able to take they like the Romans were able to take over the entire uh territory of Central over the entire uh territory of Central over the entire uh territory of Central America. Okay? Okay. And they dis they America. Okay? Okay. And they dis they America. Okay? Okay. And they dis they did so with allies. Okay. They were the did so with allies. Okay. They were the did so with allies. Okay. They were the main partners. They part they're part of main partners. They part they're part of main partners. They part they're part of something called the triple alliance. something called the triple alliance. something called the triple alliance. Okay. So three tribes that united Okay. So three tribes that united Okay. So three tribes that united against together in order to conquer uh against together in order to conquer uh against together in order to conquer uh the surrounding enemies. They were the the surrounding enemies. They were the the surrounding enemies. They were the main partner. Um the Aztec civilization main partner. Um the Aztec civilization main partner. Um the Aztec civilization were was like the Romans extremely were was like the Romans extremely were was like the Romans extremely advanced. They had uh hierarchy. They advanced. They had uh hierarchy. They advanced. They had uh hierarchy. They had priests. They had uni universal had priests. They had uni universal had priests. They had uni universal schooling. Okay. So every child was schooling. Okay. So every child was schooling. Okay. So every child was allowed to go to school and learn to allowed to go to school and learn to allowed to go to school and learn to read and write. Um they had a system of read and write. Um they had a system of read and write. Um they had a system of courts and judges and they had a very courts and judges and they had a very courts and judges and they had a very strict legal code. They have a very strict legal code. They have a very strict legal code. They have a very vibrant economy. Okay. So this was a vibrant economy. Okay. So this was a vibrant economy. Okay. So this was a very vibrant very vibrant very vibrant civilization and as such their city civilization and as such their city civilization and as such their city techn grew very very large. When the techn grew very very large. When the techn grew very very large. When the Spanish first came to the city, they Spanish first came to the city, they Spanish first came to the city, they were amazed by the extreme wealth and were amazed by the extreme wealth and were amazed by the extreme wealth and size and prosperity of this city. Okay, size and prosperity of this city. Okay, size and prosperity of this city. Okay, it made them salivate. Okay, so this is a another salivate. Okay, so this is a another shot of Tennopekan. shot of Tennopekan. shot of Tennopekan. Um, eventually the Aztecs were conquered Um, eventually the Aztecs were conquered Um, eventually the Aztecs were conquered by one man with maybe a few hundred by one man with maybe a few hundred by one man with maybe a few hundred soldiers. His name is Hernand Cortez and soldiers. His name is Hernand Cortez and soldiers. His name is Hernand Cortez and he's an adventurer. He did not have he's an adventurer. He did not have he's an adventurer. He did not have permission from Spain to go and conquer permission from Spain to go and conquer permission from Spain to go and conquer the Aztecs. He just did so because he the Aztecs. He just did so because he the Aztecs. He just did so because he wanted to. He he was a soldier of wanted to. He he was a soldier of wanted to. He he was a soldier of fortune. Okay. And um when he first fortune. Okay. And um when he first fortune. Okay. And um when he first arrived with the Aztecs, the Aztecs arrived with the Aztecs, the Aztecs arrived with the Aztecs, the Aztecs actually treated him very very well. actually treated him very very well. actually treated him very very well. Okay. He was a he was like a novelty, Okay. He was a he was like a novelty, Okay. He was a he was like a novelty, right? Yeah. He had weapons, but there right? Yeah. He had weapons, but there right? Yeah. He had weapons, but there was only a few hundred of them. Whereas was only a few hundred of them. Whereas was only a few hundred of them. Whereas the Aztecs had millions and millions of the Aztecs had millions and millions of the Aztecs had millions and millions of soldiers. So their king at this time uh soldiers. So their king at this time uh soldiers. So their king at this time uh Montazuma welcomed him with open arms Montazuma welcomed him with open arms Montazuma welcomed him with open arms and Montazuma probably wanted to co-op and Montazuma probably wanted to co-op and Montazuma probably wanted to co-op him right. He he saw him Montasuma saw him right. He he saw him Montasuma saw him right. He he saw him Montasuma saw Cortez as opportunity Cortez as opportunity Cortez as opportunity uh to use against his enemies and his uh to use against his enemies and his uh to use against his enemies and his internal enemies as as well. Cortez just internal enemies as as well. Cortez just internal enemies as as well. Cortez just wanted gold. Okay, that's all he cared wanted gold. Okay, that's all he cared wanted gold. Okay, that's all he cared about, gold. So wherever he could find about, gold. So wherever he could find about, gold. So wherever he could find gold, he'd be happy to to go. Okay. So, gold, he'd be happy to to go. Okay. So, gold, he'd be happy to to go. Okay. So, um but there was a misunderstanding um but there was a misunderstanding um but there was a misunderstanding because these were two very different because these were two very different because these were two very different civilizations. So, uh during a religious civilizations. So, uh during a religious civilizations. So, uh during a religious ceremony, uh when the Aztecs were ceremony, uh when the Aztecs were ceremony, uh when the Aztecs were gearing up, uh Cortez men saw this as a gearing up, uh Cortez men saw this as a gearing up, uh Cortez men saw this as a threat and they start to massacre these threat and they start to massacre these threat and they start to massacre these soldiers and one thing led to another. soldiers and one thing led to another. soldiers and one thing led to another. We don't know what happened, okay? We don't know what happened, okay? We don't know what happened, okay? Because the Aztecs were obviously Because the Aztecs were obviously Because the Aztecs were obviously destroyed by the Spanish. um the destroyed by the Spanish. um the destroyed by the Spanish. um the Christian missionaries would come and Christian missionaries would come and Christian missionaries would come and destroy all written records of the destroy all written records of the destroy all written records of the Aztecs and all we have are these stories Aztecs and all we have are these stories Aztecs and all we have are these stories that probably aren't true. Okay, but that probably aren't true. Okay, but that probably aren't true. Okay, but what probably happened is that uh the what probably happened is that uh the what probably happened is that uh the Spanish captured Monizuma and hel held Spanish captured Monizuma and hel held Spanish captured Monizuma and hel held him as a captive. Okay, they wanted a him as a captive. Okay, they wanted a him as a captive. Okay, they wanted a ransom. They couldn't get the ransom so ransom. They couldn't get the ransom so ransom. They couldn't get the ransom so they killed they killed they killed him and then very shortly him and then very shortly him and then very shortly um they were expelled from the city but um they were expelled from the city but um they were expelled from the city but then the a disease the disease of then the a disease the disease of then the a disease the disease of smallox hit the population and they all smallox hit the population and they all smallox hit the population and they all fell sick and that gave time for the fell sick and that gave time for the fell sick and that gave time for the Spanish to recuperate and then Spanish to recuperate and then Spanish to recuperate and then eventually conquer the city with allies. eventually conquer the city with allies. eventually conquer the city with allies. All right, does that make sense? Okay. All right, does that make sense? Okay. All right, does that make sense? Okay. All right. Now let's go to the Incas. All right. Now let's go to the Incas. All right. Now let's go to the Incas. The Incas um also a huge empire The Incas um also a huge empire The Incas um also a huge empire throughout South America. Uh this these throughout South America. Uh this these throughout South America. Uh this these mountains called the Andes. Okay. So mountains called the Andes. Okay. So mountains called the Andes. Okay. So like modern day like modern day like modern day Peru. Um they are in the highlands and Peru. Um they are in the highlands and Peru. Um they are in the highlands and they also had very advanced they also had very advanced they also had very advanced civilizations. Okay. civilizations. Okay. civilizations. Okay. Um, one thing that made the Incas Um, one thing that made the Incas Um, one thing that made the Incas different from the Aztecs is they different from the Aztecs is they different from the Aztecs is they practice form of ances ancestor worship. practice form of ances ancestor worship. practice form of ances ancestor worship. A pretty extreme form of an ancestor A pretty extreme form of an ancestor A pretty extreme form of an ancestor worship. So the idea is the emperor is worship. So the idea is the emperor is worship. So the idea is the emperor is divine. If you're divine, it means divine. If you're divine, it means divine. If you're divine, it means you're immortal. So even though the you're immortal. So even though the you're immortal. So even though the emperor dies, he's then emperor dies, he's then emperor dies, he's then mummified. Okay? He's mummified. And so mummified. Okay? He's mummified. And so mummified. Okay? He's mummified. And so he's still alive. And if he's still he's still alive. And if he's still he's still alive. And if he's still alive, that means he keeps all his lands alive, that means he keeps all his lands alive, that means he keeps all his lands and wealth. It doesn't go somewhere and wealth. It doesn't go somewhere and wealth. It doesn't go somewhere else. Okay? So then now the new emperor else. Okay? So then now the new emperor else. Okay? So then now the new emperor comes into power and now he has to comes into power and now he has to comes into power and now he has to conquer new lands in order to establish conquer new lands in order to establish conquer new lands in order to establish his divinity. Okay? So the Incas are his divinity. Okay? So the Incas are his divinity. Okay? So the Incas are endlessly eternally expansionist. They endlessly eternally expansionist. They endlessly eternally expansionist. They have no choice in the matter. And if you have no choice in the matter. And if you have no choice in the matter. And if you think about it, this is actually a good think about it, this is actually a good think about it, this is actually a good um strategy to reduce internal internal um strategy to reduce internal internal um strategy to reduce internal internal um conflict, right? Because this reduces um conflict, right? Because this reduces um conflict, right? Because this reduces the problem of elite overp production. the problem of elite overp production. the problem of elite overp production. The old the old emperor's family and uh The old the old emperor's family and uh The old the old emperor's family and uh loyal soldiers keep their land and now loyal soldiers keep their land and now loyal soldiers keep their land and now the new emperor has to go conquer new the new emperor has to go conquer new the new emperor has to go conquer new territory. Okay. So this resolves the territory. Okay. So this resolves the territory. Okay. So this resolves the issue of elite over production, but it issue of elite over production, but it issue of elite over production, but it also makes your society extremely also makes your society extremely also makes your society extremely unstable because it's too spread out. unstable because it's too spread out. unstable because it's too spread out. and um too many enemies. and um too many enemies. and um too many enemies. Okay. Um the way that that Incas Okay. Um the way that that Incas Okay. Um the way that that Incas conquered other people is um when they conquered other people is um when they conquered other people is um when they conquer other people, their gods are conquer other people, their gods are conquer other people, their gods are incorporated into a pantheon of gods. incorporated into a pantheon of gods. incorporated into a pantheon of gods. Like the Romans, the Incas are extremely Like the Romans, the Incas are extremely Like the Romans, the Incas are extremely tolerant people. You can worship any god tolerant people. You can worship any god tolerant people. You can worship any god you want as long as you acknowledge the you want as long as you acknowledge the you want as long as you acknowledge the supremacy of my god. Okay. So the pen of supremacy of my god. Okay. So the pen of supremacy of my god. Okay. So the pen of gods. So within the uh Inca Empire, gods. So within the uh Inca Empire, gods. So within the uh Inca Empire, everyone was allowed to practice their everyone was allowed to practice their everyone was allowed to practice their own religion as long as they submit own religion as long as they submit own religion as long as they submit themselves and pay tribute. Okay. The themselves and pay tribute. Okay. The themselves and pay tribute. Okay. The Incas also had a very advanced Incas also had a very advanced Incas also had a very advanced um bureaucratic system. They had a um bureaucratic system. They had a um bureaucratic system. They had a census, they collected tribute, they census, they collected tribute, they census, they collected tribute, they collected taxes, they had a legal code. collected taxes, they had a legal code. collected taxes, they had a legal code. Um they had a court system. Um what's Um they had a court system. Um what's Um they had a court system. Um what's interesting about film is they didn't interesting about film is they didn't interesting about film is they didn't have a writing system, but they had uh have a writing system, but they had uh have a writing system, but they had uh beads. Okay. Okay. And with beads with beads. Okay. Okay. And with beads with beads. Okay. Okay. And with beads with with numerals you can create basically a with numerals you can create basically a with numerals you can create basically a knowledge system. Okay. So this is knowledge system. Okay. So this is knowledge system. Okay. So this is basically like a like a very print of basically like a like a very print of basically like a like a very print of computer or calculator. Um what's left of the incas calculator. Um what's left of the incas is Machu Picchu. If you ever chance to is Machu Picchu. If you ever chance to is Machu Picchu. If you ever chance to uh visit there, it's beautiful. It's uh visit there, it's beautiful. It's uh visit there, it's beautiful. It's it's it's it's a it's a hike. Um I want it's it's it's a it's a hike. Um I want it's it's it's a it's a hike. Um I want I want to visit one day with my kids. I want to visit one day with my kids. I want to visit one day with my kids. Okay. Uh the Incans were conquered by Okay. Uh the Incans were conquered by Okay. Uh the Incans were conquered by another conqueror student named another conqueror student named another conqueror student named Francisco Pizarro. Okay. Uh the emperor Francisco Pizarro. Okay. Uh the emperor Francisco Pizarro. Okay. Uh the emperor he defeated was Ata Hapa. Sorry, I'm not he defeated was Ata Hapa. Sorry, I'm not he defeated was Ata Hapa. Sorry, I'm not I'm not going to pronounce his name I'm not going to pronounce his name I'm not going to pronounce his name properly. Um and what happened was that properly. Um and what happened was that properly. Um and what happened was that Ata Huapa had just fought a civil war Ata Huapa had just fought a civil war Ata Huapa had just fought a civil war and now he's the divine emperor. And the and now he's the divine emperor. And the and now he's the divine emperor. And the legend is that uh Pizarro fought a legend is that uh Pizarro fought a legend is that uh Pizarro fought a battle with at Hoya at Hapa. At Hoapa battle with at Hoya at Hapa. At Hoapa battle with at Hoya at Hapa. At Hoapa had 40,000 soldiers. Pizarro had 200 had 40,000 soldiers. Pizarro had 200 had 40,000 soldiers. Pizarro had 200 soldiers and Pizaro won and captured soldiers and Pizaro won and captured soldiers and Pizaro won and captured Atapa as a uh hostage. This story is Atapa as a uh hostage. This story is Atapa as a uh hostage. This story is probably not true. Okay. What probably probably not true. Okay. What probably probably not true. Okay. What probably happened was that um the emperor greeted happened was that um the emperor greeted happened was that um the emperor greeted the Spanish with open arms and and say the Spanish with open arms and and say the Spanish with open arms and and say let's negotiate and the Spanish let's negotiate and the Spanish let's negotiate and the Spanish basically captured him. Okay, remember basically captured him. Okay, remember basically captured him. Okay, remember in this society the emperor is divine. in this society the emperor is divine. in this society the emperor is divine. He's untouchable. So it is it is beyond He's untouchable. So it is it is beyond He's untouchable. So it is it is beyond his imagination that the Spanish would his imagination that the Spanish would his imagination that the Spanish would capture him. Okay. Then what happened is capture him. Okay. Then what happened is capture him. Okay. Then what happened is that Pizarro said to the emperor, "We'll that Pizarro said to the emperor, "We'll that Pizarro said to the emperor, "We'll let you go if you can fill this room let you go if you can fill this room let you go if you can fill this room with gold." And guess what with gold." And guess what with gold." And guess what happens? The emperor issues out a happens? The emperor issues out a happens? The emperor issues out a command. And a few days later, the command. And a few days later, the command. And a few days later, the entire room is filled with gold. Okay? entire room is filled with gold. Okay? entire room is filled with gold. Okay? So this place is pretty wealthy. Then So this place is pretty wealthy. Then So this place is pretty wealthy. Then what do the Spanish do? What do you what do the Spanish do? What do you what do the Spanish do? What do you think? They kill him. Okay? They kill think? They kill him. Okay? They kill think? They kill him. Okay? They kill him and then they conquer the entire him and then they conquer the entire him and then they conquer the entire territory. So that's why you should not territory. So that's why you should not territory. So that's why you should not pay ransoms to pirates. Okay. Um it it pay ransoms to pirates. Okay. Um it it pay ransoms to pirates. Okay. Um it it sort of I I think Prisar himself was sort of I I think Prisar himself was sort of I I think Prisar himself was sort of astonished that there was so sort of astonished that there was so sort of astonished that there was so much gold and the Incas could just fill much gold and the Incas could just fill much gold and the Incas could just fill a room like that, right? And then like a room like that, right? And then like a room like that, right? And then like well you know if I can just ask for gold well you know if I can just ask for gold well you know if I can just ask for gold and they'll give it to me then why don't and they'll give it to me then why don't and they'll give it to me then why don't I just take this entire territory? And I just take this entire territory? And I just take this entire territory? And that's what he did. that's what he did. that's what he did. Okay. All right. Um so another question Okay. All right. Um so another question Okay. All right. Um so another question is how did this happen? How was it is how did this happen? How was it is how did this happen? How was it possible that the Aztecs and Incas were possible that the Aztecs and Incas were possible that the Aztecs and Incas were defeated by just a few hundred defeated by just a few hundred defeated by just a few hundred conquesttors very quickly? Okay, in a conquesttors very quickly? Okay, in a conquesttors very quickly? Okay, in a few decades. And um what I want to show few decades. And um what I want to show few decades. And um what I want to show you now is the religious practice and you now is the religious practice and you now is the religious practice and belief system of the Maya Mayans which belief system of the Maya Mayans which belief system of the Maya Mayans which then influence the Aztecs in the Inca in then influence the Aztecs in the Inca in then influence the Aztecs in the Inca in the Incas. Okay. All right. So um in the Incas. Okay. All right. So um in the Incas. Okay. All right. So um in these societies religion is spread these societies religion is spread these societies religion is spread through or all tradition from priests to through or all tradition from priests to through or all tradition from priests to people. Okay. Um but fortunately in people. Okay. Um but fortunately in people. Okay. Um but fortunately in about the year 1700 there was a about the year 1700 there was a about the year 1700 there was a Dominican priest who uh made it his Dominican priest who uh made it his Dominican priest who uh made it his mission to write down this oral mission to write down this oral mission to write down this oral tradition. Okay. And this book we call tradition. Okay. And this book we call tradition. Okay. And this book we call the popo vo it's translated into the the popo vo it's translated into the the popo vo it's translated into the book of the community and it just um uh book of the community and it just um uh book of the community and it just um uh it it's just a literary form of the or it it's just a literary form of the or it it's just a literary form of the or old tradition the old religious old tradition the old religious old tradition the old religious tradition of the man people. Okay. So tradition of the man people. Okay. So tradition of the man people. Okay. So we're going to look at a few passages to we're going to look at a few passages to we're going to look at a few passages to figure out their underlying belief figure out their underlying belief figure out their underlying belief system and how it govern their society. system and how it govern their society. system and how it govern their society. All All All right. Okay. So this is a story of the right. Okay. So this is a story of the right. Okay. So this is a story of the heroic twins. So the mains worship the heroic twins. So the mains worship the heroic twins. So the mains worship the heroic twins as the savers of humanity. heroic twins as the savers of humanity. heroic twins as the savers of humanity. So what happened is the twins h So what happened is the twins h So what happened is the twins h themselves had twin fathers who were um themselves had twin fathers who were um themselves had twin fathers who were um captured and killed by demons in the captured and killed by demons in the captured and killed by demons in the underworld. Okay, this is very similar underworld. Okay, this is very similar underworld. Okay, this is very similar to the Egyptian myth of um Orur Arsurus to the Egyptian myth of um Orur Arsurus to the Egyptian myth of um Orur Arsurus um who was killed by his brother Set and um who was killed by his brother Set and um who was killed by his brother Set and then sent into the underworld. Okay. And then sent into the underworld. Okay. And then sent into the underworld. Okay. And so the brothers want vengeance against so the brothers want vengeance against so the brothers want vengeance against these demons. And so what they do is these demons. And so what they do is these demons. And so what they do is they become their friends with the they become their friends with the they become their friends with the demons and they and then they make demons and they and then they make demons and they and then they make themselves themselves themselves um immortal. Okay? When they die, they um immortal. Okay? When they die, they um immortal. Okay? When they die, they come back to life. And then they play a come back to life. And then they play a come back to life. And then they play a trick on these demons. They go to the trick on these demons. They go to the trick on these demons. They go to the demons and say, "Hey, look at us. We can demons and say, "Hey, look at us. We can demons and say, "Hey, look at us. We can play this game where we cure ourselves. play this game where we cure ourselves. play this game where we cure ourselves. We cut our heart and we come back We cut our heart and we come back We cut our heart and we come back alive." Okay? And the demons are like, alive." Okay? And the demons are like, alive." Okay? And the demons are like, "Yeah, we want to play this game as "Yeah, we want to play this game as "Yeah, we want to play this game as well." And they all end up killing well." And they all end up killing well." And they all end up killing themselves. Okay? So this is a passage themselves. Okay? So this is a passage themselves. Okay? So this is a passage from um the po sacrifice in the same way from um the po sacrifice in the same way from um the po sacrifice in the same way said one death and seven death to said one death and seven death to said one death and seven death to hannapul and zapo zanakquo these are hannapul and zapo zanakquo these are hannapul and zapo zanakquo these are these are heroic twins okay these are these are heroic twins okay these are these are heroic twins okay these are the heroic twins very well then surely the heroic twins very well then surely the heroic twins very well then surely you will be revived are you not deaf for you will be revived are you not deaf for you will be revived are you not deaf for we are here to gladen you oh lords along we are here to gladen you oh lords along we are here to gladen you oh lords along with your vassels and your servants they with your vassels and your servants they with your vassels and your servants they said therefore to the lords okay so said therefore to the lords okay so said therefore to the lords okay so they're playing a trick on these demons they're playing a trick on these demons they're playing a trick on these demons the first we sacrifice was the very head the first we sacrifice was the very head the first we sacrifice was the very head of all the lords one death by name the of all the lords one death by name the of all the lords one death by name the lord of Zebaba he was dead then this one lord of Zebaba he was dead then this one lord of Zebaba he was dead then this one death next they grabbed seven death but death next they grabbed seven death but death next they grabbed seven death but they didn't revive them thus the they didn't revive them thus the they didn't revive them thus the zababins took their heels when they saw zababins took their heels when they saw zababins took their heels when they saw that the lords had died so they killed that the lords had died so they killed that the lords had died so they killed all the lords and then they killed all all the lords and then they killed all all the lords and then they killed all the demons their hearts were now taken the demons their hearts were now taken the demons their hearts were now taken from their chest okay their hearts were from their chest okay their hearts were from their chest okay their hearts were now taken from their chest it's very now taken from their chest it's very now taken from their chest it's very important because this is how the Aztecs important because this is how the Aztecs important because this is how the Aztecs practice their sacrifice okay so they're practice their sacrifice okay so they're practice their sacrifice okay so they're trying to with their rituals they're trying to with their rituals they're trying to with their rituals they're trying to express or bring to life this trying to express or bring to life this trying to express or bring to life this mythology. Okay, which is what the mythology. Okay, which is what the mythology. Okay, which is what the Vikings did as well. Both of them had Vikings did as well. Both of them had Vikings did as well. Both of them had been torn open as punishment for what been torn open as punishment for what been torn open as punishment for what they had done. Straight away the one they had done. Straight away the one they had done. Straight away the one lord executed and not revived. The other lord executed and not revived. The other lord executed and not revived. The other lord had been had begged humbly weeping lord had been had begged humbly weeping lord had been had begged humbly weeping before the dancers. He would not accept before the dancers. He would not accept before the dancers. He would not accept it for he had become disorientated. Take it for he had become disorientated. Take it for he had become disorientated. Take pity on me. Okay, so this is how the pity on me. Okay, so this is how the pity on me. Okay, so this is how the Herac twins conquer and destroy all the Herac twins conquer and destroy all the Herac twins conquer and destroy all the demons. Okay, and the Aztecs will take demons. Okay, and the Aztecs will take demons. Okay, and the Aztecs will take this story, they'll turn it into the this story, they'll turn it into the this story, they'll turn it into the basis of their religious ritual. Okay. basis of their religious ritual. Okay. basis of their religious ritual. Okay. All right. Uh this is a story of the All right. Uh this is a story of the All right. Uh this is a story of the creation of the first man. What's creation of the first man. What's creation of the first man. What's interesting is that the men's believe interesting is that the men's believe interesting is that the men's believe that the gods made different attempts to that the gods made different attempts to that the gods made different attempts to create humanity. The first attempt is by create humanity. The first attempt is by create humanity. The first attempt is by making them out of mud and they they making them out of mud and they they making them out of mud and they they fall apart. Okay, so that's a disaster. fall apart. Okay, so that's a disaster. fall apart. Okay, so that's a disaster. Then they try to make man out of wood. Then they try to make man out of wood. Then they try to make man out of wood. That doesn't work either. So then they That doesn't work either. So then they That doesn't work either. So then they try corn maze. Okay, and that works. So try corn maze. Okay, and that works. So try corn maze. Okay, and that works. So that's why the um uh mans consider that's why the um uh mans consider that's why the um uh mans consider themselves the children of the corn. themselves the children of the corn. themselves the children of the corn. Okay, they worship corn as something Okay, they worship corn as something Okay, they worship corn as something that's that's that's divine. Okay. Um so the gods create man divine. Okay. Um so the gods create man divine. Okay. Um so the gods create man and let and let's read the story and let and let's read the story and let and let's read the story together. Then the framer and the shaper together. Then the framer and the shaper together. Then the framer and the shaper asked him what is the nature of your asked him what is the nature of your asked him what is the nature of your existence? Do you know it? Do you not existence? Do you know it? Do you not existence? Do you know it? Do you not look and listen? Are not your speech and look and listen? Are not your speech and look and listen? Are not your speech and your walk good? Behold now therefore and your walk good? Behold now therefore and your walk good? Behold now therefore and see that which is beneath the sky. Are see that which is beneath the sky. Are see that which is beneath the sky. Are not the mountains clear? Do you not see not the mountains clear? Do you not see not the mountains clear? Do you not see the valleys? Try then they were told. the valleys? Try then they were told. the valleys? Try then they were told. Okay. So the gods created men and they Okay. So the gods created men and they Okay. So the gods created men and they want men to be thankful. Why? Because want men to be thankful. Why? Because want men to be thankful. Why? Because the gods created men in order to serve the gods created men in order to serve the gods created men in order to serve them. Okay. So basically basically the them. Okay. So basically basically the them. Okay. So basically basically the gods created humanity to be their gods created humanity to be their gods created humanity to be their slaves. Thus their vision of everything slaves. Thus their vision of everything slaves. Thus their vision of everything beneath the sky was completed and they beneath the sky was completed and they beneath the sky was completed and they gave thanks to the framer and the gave thanks to the framer and the gave thanks to the framer and the shaper. And this is what man says to the shaper. And this is what man says to the shaper. And this is what man says to the gods. Truly we thank you doubly triply gods. Truly we thank you doubly triply gods. Truly we thank you doubly triply that we were created that we were given that we were created that we were given that we were created that we were given our mouths and our faces. We are able to our mouths and our faces. We are able to our mouths and our faces. We are able to speak and to listen. We are able to speak and to listen. We are able to speak and to listen. We are able to ponder ponder ponder and to move about. We know much for we and to move about. We know much for we and to move about. We know much for we have learned that which is far and near. have learned that which is far and near. have learned that which is far and near. We have seen the great and the small, We have seen the great and the small, We have seen the great and the small, all that exists in the sky and on the all that exists in the sky and on the all that exists in the sky and on the earth. We thank you therefore that we earth. We thank you therefore that we earth. We thank you therefore that we were created, that we were given frame were created, that we were given frame were created, that we were given frame and shape. We became because of you our and shape. We became because of you our and shape. We became because of you our grandmother and you our grandfather. grandmother and you our grandfather. grandmother and you our grandfather. They said when they gave thanks for the They said when they gave thanks for the They said when they gave thanks for the fra frame and shape. Okay. So we humans fra frame and shape. Okay. So we humans fra frame and shape. Okay. So we humans are paying our thanks to the gods. Okay. are paying our thanks to the gods. Okay. are paying our thanks to the gods. Okay. We're showing our gratitude. Their We're showing our gratitude. Their We're showing our gratitude. Their knowledge of everything that they saw knowledge of everything that they saw knowledge of everything that they saw was complete. The four corners and the was complete. The four corners and the was complete. The four corners and the four sides that which is within the sky four sides that which is within the sky four sides that which is within the sky and that which is within the earth. and that which is within the earth. and that which is within the earth. Okay. So uh we now have knowledge and Okay. So uh we now have knowledge and Okay. So uh we now have knowledge and wisdom because of the gods. Now this is wisdom because of the gods. Now this is wisdom because of the gods. Now this is really important but this not sound good really important but this not sound good really important but this not sound good to the framer and the shaper. It is not to the framer and the shaper. It is not to the framer and the shaper. It is not good what they have said they that we good what they have said they that we good what they have said they that we have framed and shaped. They said we have framed and shaped. They said we have framed and shaped. They said we have learned everything great and small. have learned everything great and small. have learned everything great and small. Okay. So the gods don't want our Okay. So the gods don't want our Okay. So the gods don't want our gratitude. They want our subservience. gratitude. They want our subservience. gratitude. They want our subservience. They want our obedience. Okay. And this They want our obedience. Okay. And this They want our obedience. Okay. And this becomes a basis of these religions where becomes a basis of these religions where becomes a basis of these religions where we have to believe that the gods created we have to believe that the gods created we have to believe that the gods created us in order to serve them. We are slaves us in order to serve them. We are slaves us in order to serve them. We are slaves to the to the to the gods. All right? And again, this is very gods. All right? And again, this is very gods. All right? And again, this is very similar to the enuma, the Babylonian similar to the enuma, the Babylonian similar to the enuma, the Babylonian creation myth, where the god Murdoch creation myth, where the god Murdoch creation myth, where the god Murdoch creates humans so that gods wouldn't creates humans so that gods wouldn't creates humans so that gods wouldn't have to work anymore. is also very have to work anymore. is also very have to work anymore. is also very similar to the Catholic Church which similar to the Catholic Church which similar to the Catholic Church which believes that um we are slaves to god believes that um we are slaves to god believes that um we are slaves to god because God freed us from the devil. Okay. Um this is the god Tohill. Okay, Okay. Um this is the god Tohill. Okay, which is the Mayan fire god. And what which is the Mayan fire god. And what which is the Mayan fire god. And what they believe is that Tohill demands that they believe is that Tohill demands that they believe is that Tohill demands that we sacrifice our enemies to him so that we sacrifice our enemies to him so that we sacrifice our enemies to him so that so that the blood will rejuvenate him. so that the blood will rejuvenate him. so that the blood will rejuvenate him. Okay? He's a god of fire and of Okay? He's a god of fire and of Okay? He's a god of fire and of sacrifice and he's always hungry. So the sacrifice and he's always hungry. So the sacrifice and he's always hungry. So the mans believe they always have to go to mans believe they always have to go to mans believe they always have to go to war to capture slaves to be sacrificed war to capture slaves to be sacrificed war to capture slaves to be sacrificed to their god. All right? And there's a to their god. All right? And there's a to their god. All right? And there's a lot of mythology lot of mythology lot of mythology around this god. And this god has always around this god. And this god has always around this god. And this god has always demanded human sacrifice. So the humans demanded human sacrifice. So the humans demanded human sacrifice. So the humans decide to rebel against him. Okay? decide to rebel against him. Okay? decide to rebel against him. Okay? They're they have they tried many tricks They're they have they tried many tricks They're they have they tried many tricks to rebel against him. They all fail to rebel against him. They all fail to rebel against him. They all fail because he's smarter than us. So because he's smarter than us. So because he's smarter than us. So eventually the humans decide to get eventually the humans decide to get eventually the humans decide to get together and to fight him. Okay? But together and to fight him. Okay? But together and to fight him. Okay? But they all get killed. Thus only a portion they all get killed. Thus only a portion they all get killed. Thus only a portion of them were able to return. Okay? Those of them were able to return. Okay? Those of them were able to return. Okay? Those who rebelled, only a few were left who rebelled, only a few were left who rebelled, only a few were left alive. Only a few people from the alive. Only a few people from the alive. Only a few people from the nations were able to escape from Tohill. nations were able to escape from Tohill. nations were able to escape from Tohill. At first they tried to flee. When they At first they tried to flee. When they At first they tried to flee. When they were caught, they were finished off. were caught, they were finished off. were caught, they were finished off. They were killed. It was not just a few They were killed. It was not just a few They were killed. It was not just a few of the people who died. And of those of the people who died. And of those of the people who died. And of those that did not die, the insects came upon that did not die, the insects came upon that did not die, the insects came upon them and tormented their hearts. They them and tormented their hearts. They them and tormented their hearts. They were no longer able to wage war. Okay? were no longer able to wage war. Okay? were no longer able to wage war. Okay? So the gods had destroy capacity to ever So the gods had destroy capacity to ever So the gods had destroy capacity to ever challenge them, to ever rebel. They did challenge them, to ever rebel. They did challenge them, to ever rebel. They did not take up their arrows or their not take up their arrows or their not take up their arrows or their shields again. Thus, all the nations shields again. Thus, all the nations shields again. Thus, all the nations were humiliated and begged humbly before were humiliated and begged humbly before were humiliated and begged humbly before the faces of Balam, Kisa, Balam, Aka, the faces of Balam, Kisa, Balam, Aka, the faces of Balam, Kisa, Balam, Aka, and Moakata. Pity, do not kill us, they and Moakata. Pity, do not kill us, they and Moakata. Pity, do not kill us, they said. Very well then. Certainly, you said. Very well then. Certainly, you said. Very well then. Certainly, you shall become obedient. You shall be shall become obedient. You shall be shall become obedient. You shall be servants as long as there are son and servants as long as there are son and servants as long as there are son and light. They were told. Okay. So, we can light. They were told. Okay. So, we can light. They were told. Okay. So, we can never ever cher gods because when we never ever cher gods because when we never ever cher gods because when we tried, we're all killed. And so the gods tried, we're all killed. And so the gods tried, we're all killed. And so the gods showed mercy to us. And so from now on showed mercy to us. And so from now on showed mercy to us. And so from now on we must obey the gods. But now it's like we must obey the gods. But now it's like we must obey the gods. But now it's like how do you obey the gods? What do what how do you obey the gods? What do what how do you obey the gods? What do what do the gods require of us? That's the do the gods require of us? That's the do the gods require of us? That's the question now. All right. We obey the gods through their right. We obey the gods through their priests who understand them. Okay. Does priests who understand them. Okay. Does priests who understand them. Okay. Does that make sense? Okay. So so let's read. that make sense? Okay. So so let's read. that make sense? Okay. So so let's read. Kokas and Kottoa were enchanted people, Kokas and Kottoa were enchanted people, Kokas and Kottoa were enchanted people, priests and enchanted lords. Kopa and priests and enchanted lords. Kopa and priests and enchanted lords. Kopa and Kazuma were also enchanted lords. They Kazuma were also enchanted lords. They Kazuma were also enchanted lords. They knew if there would be war. Why? Because knew if there would be war. Why? Because knew if there would be war. Why? Because the gods tell them. They could see the the gods tell them. They could see the the gods tell them. They could see the future. Okay? They they talked with the future. Okay? They they talked with the future. Okay? They they talked with the gods. It was clear before their faces. gods. It was clear before their faces. gods. It was clear before their faces. They saw if there would be death, if They saw if there would be death, if They saw if there would be death, if there would be hunger. They surely knew there would be hunger. They surely knew there would be hunger. They surely knew if there would be strife. There's an if there would be strife. There's an if there would be strife. There's an instrument of sight. There was a book. instrument of sight. There was a book. instrument of sight. There was a book. Paulo was their name for it. Okay. So Paulo was their name for it. Okay. So Paulo was their name for it. Okay. So everything that's written down here, everything that's written down here, everything that's written down here, it's sacred because it was written down it's sacred because it was written down it's sacred because it was written down by those who speak directly with the by those who speak directly with the by those who speak directly with the gods. So everything all these words are gods. So everything all these words are gods. So everything all these words are the direct words from the gods the direct words from the gods the direct words from the gods themselves. But it was not only because themselves. But it was not only because themselves. But it was not only because of this that they were lords. They were of this that they were lords. They were of this that they were lords. They were great in their essence. Great as well great in their essence. Great as well great in their essence. Great as well were their fast. In order to venerate were their fast. In order to venerate were their fast. In order to venerate their temples and venerate their their temples and venerate their their temples and venerate their sovereignty, they fasted for long sovereignty, they fasted for long sovereignty, they fasted for long periods of time and sacrificed before periods of time and sacrificed before periods of time and sacrificed before the faces of their gods. Not only do the the faces of their gods. Not only do the the faces of their gods. Not only do the gods favor them, but they themselves gods favor them, but they themselves gods favor them, but they themselves made many sacrifices in order to win the made many sacrifices in order to win the made many sacrifices in order to win the favor of the gods. Okay? They are favor of the gods. Okay? They are favor of the gods. Okay? They are worthy. Therefore, therefore, we must worthy. Therefore, therefore, we must worthy. Therefore, therefore, we must submit them ourselves before them. Okay? submit them ourselves before them. Okay? submit them ourselves before them. Okay? And that's how we worship the And that's how we worship the And that's how we worship the gods. Okay? Does that make sense? So, gods. Okay? Does that make sense? So, gods. Okay? Does that make sense? So, think about this. The logic is very think about this. The logic is very think about this. The logic is very clear. The main created civilization clear. The main created civilization clear. The main created civilization that extremely religious and that extremely religious and that extremely religious and hierarchical. Okay? Everyone, millions hierarchical. Okay? Everyone, millions hierarchical. Okay? Everyone, millions of people must worship their priest king of people must worship their priest king of people must worship their priest king because the priest king is a direct because the priest king is a direct because the priest king is a direct representative of God. representative of God. representative of God. Right? But when you do that, you create Right? But when you do that, you create Right? But when you do that, you create the condition for the Spanish to come the condition for the Spanish to come the condition for the Spanish to come kill that priest king and become the new kill that priest king and become the new kill that priest king and become the new priest king. Doesn't make sense. That's priest king. Doesn't make sense. That's priest king. Doesn't make sense. That's what happened. the mains create this what happened. the mains create this what happened. the mains create this religion in order to enslave all religion in order to enslave all religion in order to enslave all everyone around everyone around everyone around them and that provide the perfect them and that provide the perfect them and that provide the perfect opportunity for the Spanish to come and opportunity for the Spanish to come and opportunity for the Spanish to come and take over that take over that take over that role. So in history class you may have role. So in history class you may have role. So in history class you may have learned that the Spanish were extremely learned that the Spanish were extremely learned that the Spanish were extremely cruel to the cruel to the cruel to the natives not more so than the natives not more so than the natives not more so than the previous overlords. Okay, does that make previous overlords. Okay, does that make previous overlords. Okay, does that make sense sense sense guys? All right. All right. So um what guys? All right. All right. So um what guys? All right. All right. So um what I'm going to do now is having explain I'm going to do now is having explain I'm going to do now is having explain the history. I'm going to provide the the history. I'm going to provide the the history. I'm going to provide the theory. Okay. I'm going to explain the theory. Okay. I'm going to explain the theory. Okay. I'm going to explain the theory of all this. Okay. But before I theory of all this. Okay. But before I theory of all this. Okay. But before I do so, are there any questions about do so, are there any questions about do so, are there any questions about what what we've learned so far? What what what we've learned so far? What what what we've learned so far? What what was this clear to you guys? The what was this clear to you guys? The what was this clear to you guys? The logic of this. All right. So let me logic of this. All right. So let me logic of this. All right. So let me explain the theory. Okay. Okay. So what you learn in this Okay. Okay. So what you learn in this class, what we what we talked about in class, what we what we talked about in class, what we what we talked about in this class previously is the idea of this class previously is the idea of this class previously is the idea of game theory. Okay, game theory. The game theory, idea of game theory. The game theory, idea of game theory is that all human interaction, theory is that all human interaction, theory is that all human interaction, it's playing a game. Okay, we may forget it's playing a game. Okay, we may forget it's playing a game. Okay, we may forget we're playing a game, but we're still we're playing a game, but we're still we're playing a game, but we're still playing a game. So if you want to playing a game. So if you want to playing a game. So if you want to understand how people behave, you first understand how people behave, you first understand how people behave, you first have to figure out how the game works. have to figure out how the game works. have to figure out how the game works. What are the rules of the game? Okay. What are the rules of the game? Okay. What are the rules of the game? Okay. So, So, So, um, um, um, Samaria, uh, the Samrians were one of Samaria, uh, the Samrians were one of Samaria, uh, the Samrians were one of the first earliest civilizations because the first earliest civilizations because the first earliest civilizations because they were based on the Tigers and they were based on the Tigers and they were based on the Tigers and Euphrates in Mesopotamia. Okay? And what Euphrates in Mesopotamia. Okay? And what Euphrates in Mesopotamia. Okay? And what happened was that they developed happened was that they developed happened was that they developed different city different city different city states along the river um, the Euphrates states along the river um, the Euphrates states along the river um, the Euphrates and and Tigris. And all these city and and Tigris. And all these city and and Tigris. And all these city states had their own city god. Okay? states had their own city god. Okay? states had their own city god. Okay? And these were all And these were all And these were all different. They they all these different different. They they all these different different. They they all these different city city city gods. Um over time these cities came gods. Um over time these cities came gods. Um over time these cities came into conflict with each other because of into conflict with each other because of into conflict with each other because of trade issues. Okay. And also because of trade issues. Okay. And also because of trade issues. Okay. And also because of land issues. So they start to land issues. So they start to land issues. So they start to fight. At this fight. At this fight. At this point this becomes a competition. It point this becomes a competition. It point this becomes a competition. It becomes a game. Okay? And whenever becomes a game. Okay? And whenever becomes a game. Okay? And whenever there's a game there has to be there's a game there has to be there's a game there has to be rules that underpin this game. And the rules that underpin this game. And the rules that underpin this game. And the and the rule the first rule rule of this and the rule the first rule rule of this and the rule the first rule rule of this game game game was we do not attack each other's was we do not attack each other's was we do not attack each other's cities. Does that make sense? Why? cities. Does that make sense? Why? cities. Does that make sense? Why? Because the city is a physical Because the city is a physical Because the city is a physical manifestation of God on earth. So you manifestation of God on earth. So you manifestation of God on earth. So you can kill the enemy's army on the field, can kill the enemy's army on the field, can kill the enemy's army on the field, but you don't attack the but you don't attack the but you don't attack the city. And also there are city walls to city. And also there are city walls to city. And also there are city walls to protect the city. Okay? protect the city. Okay? protect the city. Okay? And so what what would happen over time And so what what would happen over time And so what what would happen over time is this game establishes an is this game establishes an is this game establishes an equilibrium where okay um they fight all the time but no one um they fight all the time but no one can actually conquer the other cities can actually conquer the other cities can actually conquer the other cities because these cities are protected by because these cities are protected by because these cities are protected by the gods and so this this is this the gods and so this this is this the gods and so this this is this reaches an equilibrium and this this is reaches an equilibrium and this this is reaches an equilibrium and this this is a form of peace and stability. Okay. And there are like these elaborate Okay. And there are like these elaborate rules governing warfare among the people rules governing warfare among the people rules governing warfare among the people of Samaria. Okay. But then you had one of Samaria. Okay. But then you had one of Samaria. Okay. But then you had one king named uh Luga Zagi who was like king named uh Luga Zagi who was like king named uh Luga Zagi who was like screw this. I'm going to come and I'm screw this. I'm going to come and I'm screw this. I'm going to come and I'm going to kill your god. Okay. So he going to kill your god. Okay. So he going to kill your god. Okay. So he comes he sacks the city. Okay. He comes he sacks the city. Okay. He comes he sacks the city. Okay. He basically steals from the temple. The basically steals from the temple. The basically steals from the temple. The temple is where all the gold all the temple is where all the gold all the temple is where all the gold all the valuables are. valuables are. valuables are. and he sacks sacks the temple and even and he sacks sacks the temple and even and he sacks sacks the temple and even his soldiers are afraid that the gods his soldiers are afraid that the gods his soldiers are afraid that the gods will come and smite him. Okay, they're will come and smite him. Okay, they're will come and smite him. Okay, they're afraid but nothing happens to him. So he afraid but nothing happens to him. So he afraid but nothing happens to him. So he does it again and again and again and he does it again and again and again and he does it again and again and again and he becomes over time more and more becomes over time more and more becomes over time more and more powerful. Okay, so he's breaking the powerful. Okay, so he's breaking the powerful. Okay, so he's breaking the rules of the game. He hacked the game. rules of the game. He hacked the game. rules of the game. He hacked the game. Okay, this call hack or he cheated, Okay, this call hack or he cheated, Okay, this call hack or he cheated, whatever. But he figured out what the whatever. But he figured out what the whatever. But he figured out what the ultimate taboo is. Okay, the ultimate ultimate taboo is. Okay, the ultimate ultimate taboo is. Okay, the ultimate taboo and he broke it. You break it, you taboo and he broke it. You break it, you taboo and he broke it. You break it, you become God yourself. Okay, does that become God yourself. Okay, does that become God yourself. Okay, does that make sense? The idea of taboo are what make sense? The idea of taboo are what make sense? The idea of taboo are what humans must not humans must not humans must not break. What humans must not violate. break. What humans must not violate. break. What humans must not violate. Only gods allowed to break this taboo. Only gods allowed to break this taboo. Only gods allowed to break this taboo. Okay? Only gods allowed to kill each Okay? Only gods allowed to kill each Okay? Only gods allowed to kill each other. We humans must not try to kill other. We humans must not try to kill other. We humans must not try to kill each other's gods by ransacking their each other's gods by ransacking their each other's gods by ransacking their temple. Okay? temple. Okay? temple. Okay? And now once this rule is broken, what And now once this rule is broken, what And now once this rule is broken, what happens is you allow a society called happens is you allow a society called happens is you allow a society called the the the Aadians to come in and conquer everyone Aadians to come in and conquer everyone Aadians to come in and conquer everyone because they are the most warlike. Okay. because they are the most warlike. Okay. because they are the most warlike. Okay. All All All right. So how is it possible for a right. So how is it possible for a right. So how is it possible for a different people who who are much fewer different people who who are much fewer different people who who are much fewer and much poorer to come and conquer an and much poorer to come and conquer an and much poorer to come and conquer an entire empire? We discussed this, right? entire empire? We discussed this, right? entire empire? We discussed this, right? the Mongols when you are um the Mongols when you are um the Mongols when you are um severely uh limited in your resources severely uh limited in your resources severely uh limited in your resources you have to use psychological warfare. you have to use psychological warfare. you have to use psychological warfare. All right. So the three forms All right. So the three forms All right. So the three forms are isolation are isolation are isolation dominance. Isol isolation dominance just dominance. Isol isolation dominance just dominance. Isol isolation dominance just means that you will do more than anyone means that you will do more than anyone means that you will do more than anyone else in order to win the else in order to win the else in order to win the war. It doesn't make sense. That's what war. It doesn't make sense. That's what war. It doesn't make sense. That's what escalation dominance means. Second is escalation dominance means. Second is escalation dominance means. Second is the idea of the idea of the idea of terror. So the Mongols were going around terror. So the Mongols were going around terror. So the Mongols were going around and killing people randomly in order to and killing people randomly in order to and killing people randomly in order to instill terror uh among the population. instill terror uh among the population. instill terror uh among the population. The third is the idea of The third is the idea of The third is the idea of aura of invincibility. Okay? You want people to invincibility. Okay? You want people to think you are the demon or the gods think you are the demon or the gods think you are the demon or the gods themselves and that's how you get people themselves and that's how you get people themselves and that's how you get people to obey you. Okay. So the Mongols to obey you. Okay. So the Mongols to obey you. Okay. So the Mongols perfected the strategy. All right. But perfected the strategy. All right. But perfected the strategy. All right. But the Aadians also used the strategy. the Aadians also used the strategy. the Aadians also used the strategy. Sargon the great Sargon the sagen of Sargon the great Sargon the sagen of Sargon the great Sargon the sagen of Akad. Okay. And what he did was he Akad. Okay. And what he did was he Akad. Okay. And what he did was he perfected ste siege warfare to break perfected ste siege warfare to break perfected ste siege warfare to break down the walls. And before it was down the walls. And before it was down the walls. And before it was thought impossible that you could break thought impossible that you could break thought impossible that you could break down these city walls but he did so. And down these city walls but he did so. And down these city walls but he did so. And so this created uh escalation dominance, so this created uh escalation dominance, so this created uh escalation dominance, terror and an aura of inevitability and terror and an aura of inevitability and terror and an aura of inevitability and invincibility. Okay, does it make sense invincibility. Okay, does it make sense invincibility. Okay, does it make sense guys? This this is how this is often guys? This this is how this is often guys? This this is how this is often what happens. Um when societies are what happens. Um when societies are what happens. Um when societies are playing a game against each other when playing a game against each other when playing a game against each other when they're in competition, they establish they're in competition, they establish they're in competition, they establish an equilibrium. Okay, the equilibrium is an equilibrium. Okay, the equilibrium is an equilibrium. Okay, the equilibrium is held together by an ultimate taboo. But held together by an ultimate taboo. But held together by an ultimate taboo. But so but then someone comes along and so but then someone comes along and so but then someone comes along and breaks this ultimate breaks this ultimate breaks this ultimate taboo which then opens up the game. taboo which then opens up the game. taboo which then opens up the game. Okay. Okay. And whoever win and who's Okay. Okay. And whoever win and who's Okay. Okay. And whoever win and who's who whoever now is able to master who whoever now is able to master who whoever now is able to master psychological warfare, escalation, psychological warfare, escalation, psychological warfare, escalation, dominance, terror, and aura of dominance, terror, and aura of dominance, terror, and aura of ineability will win this ineability will win this ineability will win this game. game. game. Okay? Does that make Okay? Does that make Okay? Does that make sense? All right. Now that we understand sense? All right. Now that we understand sense? All right. Now that we understand the basic theory, let's apply it to the the basic theory, let's apply it to the the basic theory, let's apply it to the Aztecs. All right. So the had escalation had escalation dominance, they had terror, right? dominance, they had terror, right? dominance, they had terror, right? Because of human sacrifice and they had the aura of ine sacrifice and they had the aura of ine inevitability and invincibility. Okay, inevitability and invincibility. Okay, inevitability and invincibility. Okay, this is how they're able to this is how they're able to this is how they're able to control millions of people even though control millions of people even though control millions of people even though they themselves had a very limited they themselves had a very limited they themselves had a very limited population. They employ the same population. They employ the same population. They employ the same strategies as the strategies as the strategies as the Mongols. Okay, the Incas also use these Mongols. Okay, the Incas also use these Mongols. Okay, the Incas also use these three strategies, right? And strategies, right? And so you can just say that it is really so you can just say that it is really so you can just say that it is really about God. The Aztecs proved that their about God. The Aztecs proved that their about God. The Aztecs proved that their god was superior to every other god. god was superior to every other god. god was superior to every other god. Okay, does that make sense? All right. Okay, does that make sense? All right. Okay, does that make sense? All right. The problem now is you have the The problem now is you have the The problem now is you have the Spanish who come Spanish who come Spanish who come in and they don't know how the game is in and they don't know how the game is in and they don't know how the game is played. They don't they reject all the played. They don't they reject all the played. They don't they reject all the rules of the game. They reject the idea rules of the game. They reject the idea rules of the game. They reject the idea that God cannot be killed. They kill that God cannot be killed. They kill that God cannot be killed. They kill God, right? They killed Monzuma who is God, right? They killed Monzuma who is God, right? They killed Monzuma who is god of the Aztecs and they killed the god of the Aztecs and they killed the god of the Aztecs and they killed the Inca emperor as well. Inca emperor as well. Inca emperor as well. And when you do that, when you break the taboo, you leave taboo, you leave people completely helpless. Okay, does people completely helpless. Okay, does people completely helpless. Okay, does that make sense? So, let me use an that make sense? So, let me use an that make sense? So, let me use an analogy so that this makes sense to analogy so that this makes sense to analogy so that this makes sense to you. In today's world, there is an you. In today's world, there is an you. In today's world, there is an ultimate taboo among societies. Okay? ultimate taboo among societies. Okay? ultimate taboo among societies. Okay? So, China, United States can engage in So, China, United States can engage in So, China, United States can engage in economic warfare. Russia and Ukraine can economic warfare. Russia and Ukraine can economic warfare. Russia and Ukraine can can uh engage in military warfare. These can uh engage in military warfare. These can uh engage in military warfare. These are not taboos. The the ultimate taboo are not taboos. The the ultimate taboo are not taboos. The the ultimate taboo is no one is allowed to use nuclear is no one is allowed to use nuclear is no one is allowed to use nuclear weapons. Doesn't make sense, guys. No weapons. Doesn't make sense, guys. No weapons. Doesn't make sense, guys. No one is allowed to use nuclear weapons one is allowed to use nuclear weapons one is allowed to use nuclear weapons because if anyone used nuclear weapons, because if anyone used nuclear weapons, because if anyone used nuclear weapons, the world would end the world would end the world would end tomorrow. All right? So tomorrow. All right? So tomorrow. All right? So um if you think about um if you think about um if you think about it there were actually a couple of it there were actually a couple of it there were actually a couple of instances where we were very close to instances where we were very close to instances where we were very close to nuclear war. Okay. During something nuclear war. Okay. During something nuclear war. Okay. During something called the Cuban missile crisis. It was called the Cuban missile crisis. It was called the Cuban missile crisis. It was very close. Okay. But there was a chain very close. Okay. But there was a chain very close. Okay. But there was a chain of command. So maybe one guy would give of command. So maybe one guy would give of command. So maybe one guy would give the issue the command to launch and grow the issue the command to launch and grow the issue the command to launch and grow weapons. But then you have like 10 other weapons. But then you have like 10 other weapons. But then you have like 10 other people who have to say yes. And there's people who have to say yes. And there's people who have to say yes. And there's always be one guy who's like I don't always be one guy who's like I don't always be one guy who's like I don't want to be the guy who ends the world. want to be the guy who ends the world. want to be the guy who ends the world. Okay. Okay. So, like I know there's talk Okay. Okay. So, like I know there's talk Okay. Okay. So, like I know there's talk about possibly Russia or United States about possibly Russia or United States about possibly Russia or United States using nuclear weapons. Okay. It's not using nuclear weapons. Okay. It's not using nuclear weapons. Okay. It's not going to happen because it's the going to happen because it's the going to happen because it's the ultimate taboo. If anyone uses nuclear ultimate taboo. If anyone uses nuclear ultimate taboo. If anyone uses nuclear weapons, the world ends. It's like weapons, the world ends. It's like weapons, the world ends. It's like killing God. No one would do would do killing God. No one would do would do killing God. No one would do would do it. Okay? But let's imagine 10 aliens, it. Okay? But let's imagine 10 aliens, it. Okay? But let's imagine 10 aliens, okay? 10 okay? 10 okay? 10 aliens, just 10 of them. And there's aliens, just 10 of them. And there's aliens, just 10 of them. And there's like eight billion of us, right? They like eight billion of us, right? They like eight billion of us, right? They come to Earth on their spaceship far come to Earth on their spaceship far come to Earth on their spaceship far away. They're they're out on the moon, away. They're they're out on the moon, away. They're they're out on the moon, right? They are not inhibited by this right? They are not inhibited by this right? They are not inhibited by this taboo of nuclear using nuclear weapons. taboo of nuclear using nuclear weapons. taboo of nuclear using nuclear weapons. Okay, does that make sense? So, all they Okay, does that make sense? So, all they Okay, does that make sense? So, all they do is use one nuclear weapon against us do is use one nuclear weapon against us do is use one nuclear weapon against us and then what would happen? We would all and then what would happen? We would all and then what would happen? We would all surrender. Does that make surrender. Does that make surrender. Does that make sense? Okay, does that logic make sense sense? Okay, does that logic make sense sense? Okay, does that logic make sense to you? Same thing happened with the to you? Same thing happened with the to you? Same thing happened with the Aztecs and Incas. Because the Spanish Aztecs and Incas. Because the Spanish Aztecs and Incas. Because the Spanish were able to kill their god, the the were able to kill their god, the the were able to kill their god, the the everyone is like, "What do we do now? everyone is like, "What do we do now? everyone is like, "What do we do now? What do we do now? We exist to serve What do we do now? We exist to serve What do we do now? We exist to serve God. God is God. God is God. God is invincible. But the Spanish killed them. invincible. But the Spanish killed them. invincible. But the Spanish killed them. Which means what? Which means now the Which means what? Which means now the Which means what? Which means now the Spanish are gods, Spanish are gods, Spanish are gods, right? Does it make sense? So this is right? Does it make sense? So this is right? Does it make sense? So this is what happened. It's game what happened. It's game what happened. It's game theory. If you're able to figure out the theory. If you're able to figure out the theory. If you're able to figure out the ultimate taboo and you're able to use it ultimate taboo and you're able to use it ultimate taboo and you're able to use it against the local people, then you win. against the local people, then you win. against the local people, then you win. And you don't need that many people. You And you don't need that many people. You And you don't need that many people. You don't need that many soldiers. You don't don't need that many soldiers. You don't don't need that many soldiers. You don't need that much weapons or technology. need that much weapons or technology. need that much weapons or technology. You can just use ultimate taboo against You can just use ultimate taboo against You can just use ultimate taboo against them. Okay? Because again the thing that them. Okay? Because again the thing that them. Okay? Because again the thing that you learn in this class which is very you learn in this class which is very you learn in this class which is very important is is sorry the world sorry the world sorry the world view which is basically view which is basically view which is basically religion. It is the basis of who we are. religion. It is the basis of who we are. religion. It is the basis of who we are. It is our operating system. Okay. that It is our operating system. Okay. that It is our operating system. Okay. that your computer cannot run without an your computer cannot run without an your computer cannot run without an operating operating system. We cannot operating operating system. We cannot operating operating system. We cannot run without a worldview and a religion. run without a worldview and a religion. run without a worldview and a religion. Okay? If you destroy the world view, Okay? If you destroy the world view, Okay? If you destroy the world view, it's like cutting off someone's it's like cutting off someone's it's like cutting off someone's brain. You you turn this person into brain. You you turn this person into brain. You you turn this person into zombies and slaves. Okay? Does that make sense? slaves. Okay? Does that make sense? So what the the implication of this is So what the the implication of this is So what the the implication of this is whenever society has an extremely strict whenever society has an extremely strict whenever society has an extremely strict hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy where the the majority are forced to where the the majority are forced to where the the majority are forced to worship worship worship minority. It makes a study extremely minority. It makes a study extremely minority. It makes a study extremely vulnerable to vulnerable to vulnerable to invasion and conquest. Does that make invasion and conquest. Does that make invasion and conquest. Does that make sense? All right. Okay. Doesn't matter how many right. Okay. Doesn't matter how many people it does not matter how many people it does not matter how many people it does not matter how many people you have. Doesn't matter how much people you have. Doesn't matter how much people you have. Doesn't matter how much weapons you have. As long as you have a weapons you have. As long as you have a weapons you have. As long as you have a strict hierarchy, it becomes the strict hierarchy, it becomes the strict hierarchy, it becomes the ultimate weakness of a society. Okay? It ultimate weakness of a society. Okay? It ultimate weakness of a society. Okay? It becomes you you become vulnerable to an becomes you you become vulnerable to an becomes you you become vulnerable to an outside outside outside invasion. Right? questions? Is this clear to you guys the questions? Is this clear to you guys the logic of logic of logic of this? this? this? Okay, any any questions. Okay. So questions. Okay. So uh next class we do the gunpowdered uh next class we do the gunpowdered uh next class we do the gunpowdered revolution. Okay, gunpowder revolution. Okay, gunpowder revolution. Okay, gunpowder revolution. And this will mark a radical revolution. And this will mark a radical revolution. And this will mark a radical change in how society is structured. change in how society is structured. change in how society is structured. Okay.