Okay. So, good morning. Uh, today we are Okay. So, good morning. Uh, today we are doing the gunpowdered revolution. doing the gunpowdered revolution. doing the gunpowdered revolution. Specifically, we are going to ask the Specifically, we are going to ask the Specifically, we are going to ask the question, how did Europe starting about question, how did Europe starting about question, how did Europe starting about the year the year the year 1700 conquer the world? So, um, after 1700 conquer the world? So, um, after 1700 conquer the world? So, um, after the fall of the Roman Empire, Europe the fall of the Roman Empire, Europe the fall of the Roman Empire, Europe became divided, became divided, became divided, uh, very poor and very weak compared uh, very poor and very weak compared uh, very poor and very weak compared with the rest of the world. But then with the rest of the world. But then with the rest of the world. But then starting in the year 1700, Europe very starting in the year 1700, Europe very starting in the year 1700, Europe very quickly in only about 200 years time quickly in only about 200 years time quickly in only about 200 years time will go on to conquer the entire world. will go on to conquer the entire world. will go on to conquer the entire world. So today we are going to examine how So today we are going to examine how So today we are going to examine how this happened. this happened. this happened. Okay. Um so before we begin I want you Okay. Um so before we begin I want you Okay. Um so before we begin I want you guys to remember a very important guys to remember a very important guys to remember a very important concept that we have been developing concept that we have been developing concept that we have been developing throughout this course and the concept throughout this course and the concept throughout this course and the concept is this. The nature of the military is this. The nature of the military is this. The nature of the military determines the nature of the political determines the nature of the political determines the nature of the political system in societies in nations. Okay. So system in societies in nations. Okay. So system in societies in nations. Okay. So the four specific examples we've looked the four specific examples we've looked the four specific examples we've looked at are Sparta, Athens, Macedonia, and at are Sparta, Athens, Macedonia, and at are Sparta, Athens, Macedonia, and Rome. Because Sparta had a hoplight Rome. Because Sparta had a hoplight Rome. Because Sparta had a hoplight army, it became an oligarchy. Okay, army, it became an oligarchy. Okay, army, it became an oligarchy. Okay, oligarchy means rule by the oligarchy means rule by the oligarchy means rule by the few. the rule by the elite and hoplights few. the rule by the elite and hoplights few. the rule by the elite and hoplights were farmers who could afford their own were farmers who could afford their own were farmers who could afford their own armor and weaponry. Okay. Um, Athens had armor and weaponry. Okay. Um, Athens had armor and weaponry. Okay. Um, Athens had a navy and so it was a democracy and the a navy and so it was a democracy and the a navy and so it was a democracy and the idea here is that anyone and everyone idea here is that anyone and everyone idea here is that anyone and everyone can row a boat and if you uh can row a can row a boat and if you uh can row a can row a boat and if you uh can row a boat you can fight a war, you can help boat you can fight a war, you can help boat you can fight a war, you can help Athens win and therefore you can Athens win and therefore you can Athens win and therefore you can participate in the political process. So participate in the political process. So participate in the political process. So Athens was a democracy. Macedonia where Athens was a democracy. Macedonia where Athens was a democracy. Macedonia where Ector the Great is from Ector the Great is from Ector the Great is from um it was a um it was a um it was a calvaryarybased army and because only calvaryarybased army and because only calvaryarybased army and because only the nobility could afford horses, it was the nobility could afford horses, it was the nobility could afford horses, it was a a a monarchy. And the last example is Rome. monarchy. And the last example is Rome. monarchy. And the last example is Rome. Now the thing about Rome that made it Now the thing about Rome that made it Now the thing about Rome that made it distinct from these societies is that um distinct from these societies is that um distinct from these societies is that um it was willing to make tremendous it was willing to make tremendous it was willing to make tremendous sacrifices on the battlefield because it sacrifices on the battlefield because it sacrifices on the battlefield because it could replenish its soldiers with allies could replenish its soldiers with allies could replenish its soldiers with allies from neighboring uh nations in the from neighboring uh nations in the from neighboring uh nations in the Italian peninsula and as such it was a Italian peninsula and as such it was a Italian peninsula and as such it was a republic. Now the difference between a republic. Now the difference between a republic. Now the difference between a republic and democracy is that democracy republic and democracy is that democracy republic and democracy is that democracy everyone has the right to vote. So the everyone has the right to vote. So the everyone has the right to vote. So the decisions are based on majority v rule. decisions are based on majority v rule. decisions are based on majority v rule. Okay. But in a republic it is ruled by Okay. But in a republic it is ruled by Okay. But in a republic it is ruled by laws and tradition and history. So laws and tradition and history. So laws and tradition and history. So people will do what has been people will do what has been people will do what has been traditionally accepted as the norm. And traditionally accepted as the norm. And traditionally accepted as the norm. And as such you can bring in immigrants into as such you can bring in immigrants into as such you can bring in immigrants into into your society very quickly. This is into your society very quickly. This is into your society very quickly. This is important for us because Rome will important for us because Rome will important for us because Rome will become the model for America. Okay. become the model for America. Okay. become the model for America. Okay. America is not democracy. It is America is not democracy. It is America is not democracy. It is republic. a very important um republic. a very important um republic. a very important um difference. So I got I want you guys to difference. So I got I want you guys to difference. So I got I want you guys to remember this idea. The military the remember this idea. The military the remember this idea. The military the nature of the military will determine nature of the military will determine nature of the military will determine the nature of your political system in the nature of your political system in the nature of your political system in your society. your society. your society. Okay. All right. So um let's go over Okay. All right. So um let's go over Okay. All right. So um let's go over some basic military history. Um in some basic military history. Um in some basic military history. Um in Greece do when uh the polices were Greece do when uh the polices were Greece do when uh the polices were fighting each other in very much the fighting each other in very much the fighting each other in very much the same way that the waring states were same way that the waring states were same way that the waring states were fighting each other in China uh the main fighting each other in China uh the main fighting each other in China uh the main uh soldier is called the hoplight. The uh soldier is called the hoplight. The uh soldier is called the hoplight. The hoplight means shield in hoplight means shield in hoplight means shield in uh Greek. And um the thing about the uh Greek. And um the thing about the uh Greek. And um the thing about the hoplight that's very important is that hoplight that's very important is that hoplight that's very important is that it was a self-suffic self-sufficient it was a self-suffic self-sufficient it was a self-suffic self-sufficient soldier, meaning that most of the time soldier, meaning that most of the time soldier, meaning that most of the time the he was a farmer, but when there was the he was a farmer, but when there was the he was a farmer, but when there was a war, he would grab his armor and his a war, he would grab his armor and his a war, he would grab his armor and his shield and his spear and he would go to shield and his spear and he would go to shield and his spear and he would go to war. You didn't need a war. You didn't need a war. You didn't need a economy to allow the hoplight to exist. economy to allow the hoplight to exist. economy to allow the hoplight to exist. Okay, this this was a self-sufficient Okay, this this was a self-sufficient Okay, this this was a self-sufficient system. system. system. Um over time the Macedonians will take Um over time the Macedonians will take Um over time the Macedonians will take the hoplight formation and turn it into the hoplight formation and turn it into the hoplight formation and turn it into the Macedonian phallax. Um and the the Macedonian phallax. Um and the the Macedonian phallax. Um and the Romans will have their legion. Okay. Now Romans will have their legion. Okay. Now Romans will have their legion. Okay. Now the difference between the Macedonians the difference between the Macedonians the difference between the Macedonians and the Romans uh sorry the difference and the Romans uh sorry the difference and the Romans uh sorry the difference between this um system and the between this um system and the between this um system and the traditional Greek system is now you have traditional Greek system is now you have traditional Greek system is now you have a standing army. These are professional a standing army. These are professional a standing army. These are professional soldiers that must be supported by the economy. Um, this is calvary, the Roman economy. Um, this is calvary, the Roman calvary. And obviously these are calvary. And obviously these are calvary. And obviously these are nobility because only they can afford to nobility because only they can afford to nobility because only they can afford to have have have horses. These are the Vikings that we've horses. These are the Vikings that we've horses. These are the Vikings that we've studied before. Again, this is pretty studied before. Again, this is pretty studied before. Again, this is pretty self-sufficient. The Vikings are able to self-sufficient. The Vikings are able to self-sufficient. The Vikings are able to build their own ships very quickly and build their own ships very quickly and build their own ships very quickly and repair them. and they are able to go off repair them. and they are able to go off repair them. and they are able to go off in small bands. in small bands. in small bands. Okay. Um the steps people became Okay. Um the steps people became Okay. Um the steps people became archers, right? So the Mongol the archers, right? So the Mongol the archers, right? So the Mongol the Mongolians are the classic example. And Mongolians are the classic example. And Mongolians are the classic example. And again, the thing here is that again, the thing here is that again, the thing here is that um these um these um these people ever since they were born could people ever since they were born could people ever since they were born could ride horses and shoot arrows and that's ride horses and shoot arrows and that's ride horses and shoot arrows and that's why they were so effective soldiers and why they were so effective soldiers and why they were so effective soldiers and that's why for the longest time the that's why for the longest time the that's why for the longest time the steps people were the dominant military steps people were the dominant military steps people were the dominant military force in the world. Okay, they could force in the world. Okay, they could force in the world. Okay, they could come in and conquer all the agricultural come in and conquer all the agricultural come in and conquer all the agricultural empires. Uh this will include the Yamaya empires. Uh this will include the Yamaya empires. Uh this will include the Yamaya which we talked about but it also which we talked about but it also which we talked about but it also include um the Turks and the the include um the Turks and the the include um the Turks and the the Mongolians. Okay. Um in medieval Europe they develop Okay. Um in medieval Europe they develop a new system um where the knight becomes a new system um where the knight becomes a new system um where the knight becomes the main military force in the army. Now the main military force in the army. Now the main military force in the army. Now the knight uh as you can see it requires the knight uh as you can see it requires the knight uh as you can see it requires armored horses and armored um and armored horses and armored um and armored horses and armored um and weapons and this is very expensive and weapons and this is very expensive and weapons and this is very expensive and so and you have to train from an early so and you have to train from an early so and you have to train from an early age to become a knight and that's why age to become a knight and that's why age to become a knight and that's why you now have a system called feudalism you now have a system called feudalism you now have a system called feudalism where the entire economy revolves around where the entire economy revolves around where the entire economy revolves around maintaining knights for war purposes. maintaining knights for war purposes. maintaining knights for war purposes. Okay, this is where feudalism comes Okay, this is where feudalism comes Okay, this is where feudalism comes from. from. from. What makes feudalism stick um is the What makes feudalism stick um is the What makes feudalism stick um is the idea of idea of idea of castles. Um so feudalism is about castles. Um so feudalism is about castles. Um so feudalism is about decentralization where the knights and decentralization where the knights and decentralization where the knights and the lords have control over the local the lords have control over the local the lords have control over the local territory and there's nothing the king territory and there's nothing the king territory and there's nothing the king can do about it. Why? Because maybe if can do about it. Why? Because maybe if can do about it. Why? Because maybe if there's a fight between the lords and there's a fight between the lords and there's a fight between the lords and the king well and the king comes with the king well and the king comes with the king well and the king comes with his army. Well the lords can just hide his army. Well the lords can just hide his army. Well the lords can just hide in their castle. And as you can see, um, in their castle. And as you can see, um, in their castle. And as you can see, um, it's very hard to besiege and destroy a it's very hard to besiege and destroy a it's very hard to besiege and destroy a castle. First of all, there's a castle. First of all, there's a castle. First of all, there's a defensive perimeter, the moat. Um, and defensive perimeter, the moat. Um, and defensive perimeter, the moat. Um, and then the high walls, okay? And then the high walls, okay? And then the high walls, okay? And eventually, um, the king will have to eventually, um, the king will have to eventually, um, the king will have to give up. So, in the feudal system, the give up. So, in the feudal system, the give up. So, in the feudal system, the king is more like a figurehead who is king is more like a figurehead who is king is more like a figurehead who is appointed as maybe the appointed as maybe the appointed as maybe the chairman or the elected leader. Okay? chairman or the elected leader. Okay? chairman or the elected leader. Okay? But the king does not have that much But the king does not have that much But the king does not have that much power over the local um power over the local um power over the local um areas. This changes in 1453. Okay. In areas. This changes in 1453. Okay. In areas. This changes in 1453. Okay. In the city of Constantinople. So for about the city of Constantinople. So for about the city of Constantinople. So for about close to a thousand years, close to a thousand years, close to a thousand years, Constantinopole was the wealthiest most Constantinopole was the wealthiest most Constantinopole was the wealthiest most powerful city in Europe. They are the powerful city in Europe. They are the powerful city in Europe. They are the heroes to the Roman Empire. They heroes to the Roman Empire. They heroes to the Roman Empire. They consider themselves the Eastern Roman consider themselves the Eastern Roman consider themselves the Eastern Roman Empire and they are invincible because Empire and they are invincible because Empire and they are invincible because of their high walls. Remember we talked of their high walls. Remember we talked of their high walls. Remember we talked about the Bison Empire before and for about the Bison Empire before and for about the Bison Empire before and for about a thousand years Constantinople about a thousand years Constantinople about a thousand years Constantinople was a was powerful because they were was a was powerful because they were was a was powerful because they were invincible. You cannot you cannot invincible. You cannot you cannot invincible. You cannot you cannot besiege the city. Okay. But in 1453 this besiege the city. Okay. But in 1453 this besiege the city. Okay. But in 1453 this changes because the Ottoman Turks come changes because the Ottoman Turks come changes because the Ottoman Turks come in with in with in with cannons and they lelay siege to cannons and they lelay siege to cannons and they lelay siege to Constantinopole and they destroy the Constantinopole and they destroy the Constantinopole and they destroy the walls and this was walls and this was walls and this was unimaginable before and so it's unimaginable before and so it's unimaginable before and so it's gunpowder that allows the Ottomans to gunpowder that allows the Ottomans to gunpowder that allows the Ottomans to destroy the once impenetrable Consenopol destroy the once impenetrable Consenopol destroy the once impenetrable Consenopol and this marks a revolution now in and this marks a revolution now in and this marks a revolution now in Europe. Now people understand that you Europe. Now people understand that you Europe. Now people understand that you need gunpowder if you are to win wars in need gunpowder if you are to win wars in need gunpowder if you are to win wars in the future. Okay, this is a revolution the future. Okay, this is a revolution the future. Okay, this is a revolution now in Europe. So over the centuries now in Europe. So over the centuries now in Europe. So over the centuries what will happen is this gunpowder will what will happen is this gunpowder will what will happen is this gunpowder will radically remake the world in three radically remake the world in three radically remake the world in three fundamental ways. The first way that's fundamental ways. The first way that's fundamental ways. The first way that's important is the step people cease to be important is the step people cease to be important is the step people cease to be a threat. a threat. a threat. Okay. So for thousands of years the Okay. So for thousands of years the Okay. So for thousands of years the steps right the Mongolians the Turks the steps right the Mongolians the Turks the steps right the Mongolians the Turks the Naya they drove history because they Naya they drove history because they Naya they drove history because they could come in and conquer empires and could come in and conquer empires and could come in and conquer empires and establish new societies. establish new societies. establish new societies. Now with gunpowdered the cities can Now with gunpowdered the cities can Now with gunpowdered the cities can defend themselves against the step defend themselves against the step defend themselves against the step people and eventually over time the people and eventually over time the people and eventually over time the Russians will colonize the Russians will colonize the Russians will colonize the steps and they will cease to be a factor steps and they will cease to be a factor steps and they will cease to be a factor in development of global history. Okay. in development of global history. Okay. in development of global history. Okay. So this is the end of the steps. That's So this is the end of the steps. That's So this is the end of the steps. That's the first fundamental change. Second is the first fundamental change. Second is the first fundamental change. Second is this will mark the beginning of Europe this will mark the beginning of Europe this will mark the beginning of Europe as the dominant global power in the as the dominant global power in the as the dominant global power in the world. It is China that invents world. It is China that invents world. It is China that invents gunpowder right about over a thousand gunpowder right about over a thousand gunpowder right about over a thousand years years years ago. But it is Europe that will perfect ago. But it is Europe that will perfect ago. But it is Europe that will perfect gunpowder as the ultimate military gunpowder as the ultimate military gunpowder as the ultimate military weapon that and it will allow Europe to weapon that and it will allow Europe to weapon that and it will allow Europe to defeat everyone including the Ottoman defeat everyone including the Ottoman defeat everyone including the Ottoman Turks, including the Chinese um Turks, including the Chinese um Turks, including the Chinese um everyone. Okay. The third and most everyone. Okay. The third and most everyone. Okay. The third and most important fundamental change is that important fundamental change is that important fundamental change is that gunpowdered will usher in a whole gunpowdered will usher in a whole gunpowdered will usher in a whole society revolution that will remake the society revolution that will remake the society revolution that will remake the fabric and structure of European fabric and structure of European fabric and structure of European society. Okay. So I will explain all society. Okay. So I will explain all society. Okay. So I will explain all three as we move on. But these are the three as we move on. But these are the three as we move on. But these are the three fundamental impacts of gunpowder. three fundamental impacts of gunpowder. three fundamental impacts of gunpowder. All right. Let's talk about um the the All right. Let's talk about um the the All right. Let's talk about um the the steps. So before we discuss why the step steps. So before we discuss why the step steps. So before we discuss why the step people, the Vikings, the borderland people, the Vikings, the borderland people, the Vikings, the borderland people, they usually tend to win out people, they usually tend to win out people, they usually tend to win out against empires even though empires have against empires even though empires have against empires even though empires have much more resources, much more people, much more resources, much more people, much more resources, much more people, much more technology. Okay, so this is much more technology. Okay, so this is much more technology. Okay, so this is the uh chart that explains why the the uh chart that explains why the the uh chart that explains why the Borderlands wins out in the end because Borderlands wins out in the end because Borderlands wins out in the end because the Borderlands have energy. The people the Borderlands have energy. The people the Borderlands have energy. The people are much more courageous. They're much are much more courageous. They're much are much more courageous. They're much more hungry. They're much more more hungry. They're much more more hungry. They're much more determined. Uh openness. Um the set pe determined. Uh openness. Um the set pe determined. Uh openness. Um the set pe the border lens people tend to be much the border lens people tend to be much the border lens people tend to be much more innovative. They're open to new more innovative. They're open to new more innovative. They're open to new ideas. They don't invent things but they ideas. They don't invent things but they ideas. They don't invent things but they take inventions and they apply it to take inventions and they apply it to take inventions and they apply it to their society. The last is opportunistic their society. The last is opportunistic their society. The last is opportunistic where um they will only attack you if where um they will only attack you if where um they will only attack you if they think you're weak. Okay. Uh the they think you're weak. Okay. Uh the they think you're weak. Okay. Uh the empire has three advantages. Mass empire has three advantages. Mass empire has three advantages. Mass organization and death. Mass just means organization and death. Mass just means organization and death. Mass just means a lot of people. Organization means a a lot of people. Organization means a a lot of people. Organization means a centralized bureaucracy. And then death centralized bureaucracy. And then death centralized bureaucracy. And then death just means that they can afford to lose just means that they can afford to lose just means that they can afford to lose a lot of battles. Okay? And um for most a lot of battles. Okay? And um for most a lot of battles. Okay? And um for most of human history, the borderlands had of human history, the borderlands had of human history, the borderlands had advantages over the empire. But with the advantages over the empire. But with the advantages over the empire. But with the advent of advent of advent of gunpowder, the dynamic changes. So now gunpowder, the dynamic changes. So now gunpowder, the dynamic changes. So now that the empire is able to control and that the empire is able to control and that the empire is able to control and crush the borderlands, the main reason crush the borderlands, the main reason crush the borderlands, the main reason why is with gunpowder technology, you why is with gunpowder technology, you why is with gunpowder technology, you need organization. You need need organization. You need need organization. You need centralization. Remember before armies centralization. Remember before armies centralization. Remember before armies were were were self-sufficient. You needed to go to self-sufficient. You needed to go to self-sufficient. You needed to go to war. You told you told everyone, "Let's war. You told you told everyone, "Let's war. You told you told everyone, "Let's go to war." And then the people who were go to war." And then the people who were go to war." And then the people who were soldiers would get their armor and they soldiers would get their armor and they soldiers would get their armor and they would rush to battle. Okay? That's what would rush to battle. Okay? That's what would rush to battle. Okay? That's what the Greeks did against the Persians. the Greeks did against the Persians. the Greeks did against the Persians. But with gunpowdered, you need a But with gunpowdered, you need a But with gunpowdered, you need a professional army, you need engineers, professional army, you need engineers, professional army, you need engineers, you need the resources that allow you to you need the resources that allow you to you need the resources that allow you to make gunpowder. Okay? So, you need make gunpowder. Okay? So, you need make gunpowder. Okay? So, you need specialization. With specialization, you specialization. With specialization, you specialization. With specialization, you need centralization, hierarchy, and need centralization, hierarchy, and need centralization, hierarchy, and bureaucracy. And that's what empires do bureaucracy. And that's what empires do bureaucracy. And that's what empires do very well. And the borderlands don't do very well. And the borderlands don't do very well. And the borderlands don't do this. Okay? And that's why eventually this. Okay? And that's why eventually this. Okay? And that's why eventually the empires will win out against the the empires will win out against the the empires will win out against the borderlands in the long term. All right? borderlands in the long term. All right? borderlands in the long term. All right? Um so there are four major gunpowder Um so there are four major gunpowder Um so there are four major gunpowder empires meaning these four societies are empires meaning these four societies are empires meaning these four societies are most equipped most equipped most equipped uh most ready to take advantage of the uh most ready to take advantage of the uh most ready to take advantage of the gunpowder revolution. The first and most gunpowder revolution. The first and most gunpowder revolution. The first and most important gunpower empire are the important gunpower empire are the important gunpower empire are the Ottomans, right? They're the ones who Ottomans, right? They're the ones who Ottomans, right? They're the ones who took the cannons, the artillery, and took the cannons, the artillery, and took the cannons, the artillery, and they're the ones who destroy Conan Pole. they're the ones who destroy Conan Pole. they're the ones who destroy Conan Pole. And the Ottomans after that became the And the Ottomans after that became the And the Ottomans after that became the dominant power in Europe and the Middle dominant power in Europe and the Middle dominant power in Europe and the Middle East. Okay, the Ottoman East. Okay, the Ottoman East. Okay, the Ottoman Empire. Um, what made the Ottoman Empire Empire. Um, what made the Ottoman Empire Empire. Um, what made the Ottoman Empire so fierce was the use of professional so fierce was the use of professional so fierce was the use of professional soldiers called generies. soldiers called generies. soldiers called generies. Geniseries are um young boys who became Geniseries are um young boys who became Geniseries are um young boys who became sla who are Christian and they became sla who are Christian and they became sla who are Christian and they became slaves to the Ottomans and they were slaves to the Ottomans and they were slaves to the Ottomans and they were educated become professional soldiers educated become professional soldiers educated become professional soldiers and because they're basically slaves and because they're basically slaves and because they're basically slaves they owe their entire loyalty to the they owe their entire loyalty to the they owe their entire loyalty to the Sultan the king of the Ottoman Empire. Sultan the king of the Ottoman Empire. Sultan the king of the Ottoman Empire. Okay. And uh these are professional Okay. And uh these are professional Okay. And uh these are professional soldiers who uh made effective very soldiers who uh made effective very soldiers who uh made effective very effective use of gunpowder in effective use of gunpowder in effective use of gunpowder in battle. Okay. So that's the Ottoman battle. Okay. So that's the Ottoman battle. Okay. So that's the Ottoman Empire. But then you also have the Mogul Empire. But then you also have the Mogul Empire. But then you also have the Mogul Empire which was the height of Indian Empire which was the height of Indian Empire which was the height of Indian civilization. They were also for the civilization. They were also for the civilization. They were also for the longest time a centralized bureaucracy longest time a centralized bureaucracy longest time a centralized bureaucracy and they were also able to take and they were also able to take and they were also able to take advantage of gunpowder. advantage of gunpowder. advantage of gunpowder. Um then you have the Safetit Empire Um then you have the Safetit Empire Um then you have the Safetit Empire which is in modern day Iran. They are which is in modern day Iran. They are which is in modern day Iran. They are the heres to the Persian Empire. And the heres to the Persian Empire. And the heres to the Persian Empire. And remember what you learned last semester remember what you learned last semester remember what you learned last semester is it was really the Persians who is it was really the Persians who is it was really the Persians who created bureaucracy created bureaucracy created bureaucracy um in the world. Okay. And of course the um in the world. Okay. And of course the um in the world. Okay. And of course the last uh and arguably the most powerful last uh and arguably the most powerful last uh and arguably the most powerful of these gunpowder empires is China. of these gunpowder empires is China. of these gunpowder empires is China. Okay. This is the Ming Empire. Uh Okay. This is the Ming Empire. Uh Okay. This is the Ming Empire. Uh remember it was China who invented remember it was China who invented remember it was China who invented gunpowder. gunpowder. gunpowder. But what's interesting is when China But what's interesting is when China But what's interesting is when China invented gunpowder, it was not used that invented gunpowder, it was not used that invented gunpowder, it was not used that effectively. Um the Chinese army used effectively. Um the Chinese army used effectively. Um the Chinese army used gunpowder mainly as bombs or as gunpowder mainly as bombs or as gunpowder mainly as bombs or as fireworks, as inaries to blow things up. fireworks, as inaries to blow things up. fireworks, as inaries to blow things up. Okay, it was but because of the Islamic Okay, it was but because of the Islamic Okay, it was but because of the Islamic golden age and because of of golden age and because of of golden age and because of of Genghaskhan's Genghaskhan's Genghaskhan's conquest, globalization came into being conquest, globalization came into being conquest, globalization came into being and the technology of paper and and the technology of paper and and the technology of paper and gunpowder spread all the way to Europe. gunpowder spread all the way to Europe. gunpowder spread all the way to Europe. It was the Europeans who in who It was the Europeans who in who It was the Europeans who in who innovated gunpowder and turned it into a innovated gunpowder and turned it into a innovated gunpowder and turned it into a propellant. Okay, something that that propellant. Okay, something that that propellant. Okay, something that that you shoot people at a a projectile and you shoot people at a a projectile and you shoot people at a a projectile and that's why we have cannons and that's why we have cannons and that's why we have cannons and um musketss. And so it's the Europeans um musketss. And so it's the Europeans um musketss. And so it's the Europeans who actually invented um gunpowder as a who actually invented um gunpowder as a who actually invented um gunpowder as a projectile and then what would happen is projectile and then what would happen is projectile and then what would happen is the technology would come back to China the technology would come back to China the technology would come back to China and China would adapt this into their and China would adapt this into their and China would adapt this into their own army. Okay. So that's that that that own army. Okay. So that's that that that own army. Okay. So that's that that that that was a that was a that was a process. process. process. Um yeah. So this is China and uh the use Um yeah. So this is China and uh the use Um yeah. So this is China and uh the use of of of gunpowder. Okay. So the paradox is this. gunpowder. Okay. So the paradox is this. gunpowder. Okay. So the paradox is this. It was China who invented the It was China who invented the It was China who invented the gunpowder and the four great gunpowder gunpowder and the four great gunpowder gunpowder and the four great gunpowder empires are the Ottomans, the Saffodits, empires are the Ottomans, the Saffodits, empires are the Ottomans, the Saffodits, the Moguls and the Chinese. But at the the Moguls and the Chinese. But at the the Moguls and the Chinese. But at the end of the day, it is Europe that end of the day, it is Europe that end of the day, it is Europe that conquers the entire world. Okay, that's conquers the entire world. Okay, that's conquers the entire world. Okay, that's the paradox. That's the uh mystery that the paradox. That's the uh mystery that the paradox. That's the uh mystery that we're looking at today. And so the we're looking at today. And so the we're looking at today. And so the thesis, the answer thesis, the answer thesis, the answer is European nations would surpass the is European nations would surpass the is European nations would surpass the gunpowder empires because they would gunpowder empires because they would gunpowder empires because they would adopt a whole society approach to adopt a whole society approach to adopt a whole society approach to warfare. Okay, so what does that mean? warfare. Okay, so what does that mean? warfare. Okay, so what does that mean? It means that um if you are to have if It means that um if you are to have if It means that um if you are to have if you are really to integrate gunpowder you are really to integrate gunpowder you are really to integrate gunpowder into your military effectively, you need into your military effectively, you need into your military effectively, you need to change the structure of your society. to change the structure of your society. to change the structure of your society. You have to change the status quo. You You have to change the status quo. You You have to change the status quo. You have to move from a society that is have to move from a society that is have to move from a society that is heavily centralized to one that is both heavily centralized to one that is both heavily centralized to one that is both centralized and open as well. Okay. So centralized and open as well. Okay. So centralized and open as well. Okay. So I'm going to explain to you what changes I'm going to explain to you what changes I'm going to explain to you what changes Europe had to make in order to uh move Europe had to make in order to uh move Europe had to make in order to uh move to become a modern military. Okay. The to become a modern military. Okay. The to become a modern military. Okay. The first change is it went from a feudal first change is it went from a feudal first change is it went from a feudal system to a nation state system. Okay. system to a nation state system. Okay. system to a nation state system. Okay. Does that make sense? Feudal is Does that make sense? Feudal is Does that make sense? Feudal is decentralized local powers. Nation state decentralized local powers. Nation state decentralized local powers. Nation state is you have a centralized bureaucracy. is you have a centralized bureaucracy. is you have a centralized bureaucracy. Okay? You need that and that's what Okay? You need that and that's what Okay? You need that and that's what Europe did. Second change is it went Europe did. Second change is it went Europe did. Second change is it went from a focus on villages on agriculture from a focus on villages on agriculture from a focus on villages on agriculture to a focus on towns and industry right to a focus on towns and industry right to a focus on towns and industry right because um with gunpowdered you need because um with gunpowdered you need because um with gunpowdered you need specialized workers you need engineers specialized workers you need engineers specialized workers you need engineers you need iron workers and that happens you need iron workers and that happens you need iron workers and that happens in towns and not in villages. Okay, does that make sense? villages. Okay, does that make sense? Okay. Also, when you move to towns, you Okay. Also, when you move to towns, you Okay. Also, when you move to towns, you start to create proto capitalism. So, start to create proto capitalism. So, start to create proto capitalism. So, the merchants become much more important the merchants become much more important the merchants become much more important than the bureaucrats because the than the bureaucrats because the than the bureaucrats because the merchants who go and procur resources merchants who go and procur resources merchants who go and procur resources necessary for gunpowder. The third major necessary for gunpowder. The third major necessary for gunpowder. The third major change that happened in Europe that change that happened in Europe that change that happened in Europe that really didn't happen anywhere else is a really didn't happen anywhere else is a really didn't happen anywhere else is a shift in focus from shift in focus from shift in focus from religion to religion to religion to science. Okay. Religion is asking the science. Okay. Religion is asking the science. Okay. Religion is asking the question, what does God want from us? question, what does God want from us? question, what does God want from us? How can we best serve God? Science is How can we best serve God? Science is How can we best serve God? Science is asking the question, um, how can we win asking the question, um, how can we win asking the question, um, how can we win this war? How can we make gunpowder much this war? How can we make gunpowder much this war? How can we make gunpowder much more effective? How can we kill more more effective? How can we kill more more effective? How can we kill more people? Okay, so these are the three people? Okay, so these are the three people? Okay, so these are the three major revolutions that happen in Europe major revolutions that happen in Europe major revolutions that happen in Europe that really didn't happen anywhere else. that really didn't happen anywhere else. that really didn't happen anywhere else. Okay, and when they happen in Europe, Okay, and when they happen in Europe, Okay, and when they happen in Europe, um, it will unleash these extremely um, it will unleash these extremely um, it will unleash these extremely violent and powerful revolutions as violent and powerful revolutions as violent and powerful revolutions as well. Okay, including the French well. Okay, including the French well. Okay, including the French Revolution, which we will study, the Revolution, which we will study, the Revolution, which we will study, the American American American Revolution. And it and it it's a bloody Revolution. And it and it it's a bloody Revolution. And it and it it's a bloody process that takes centuries to unfold process that takes centuries to unfold process that takes centuries to unfold and to develop. But it will make Europe and to develop. But it will make Europe and to develop. But it will make Europe into the dominant power in the world. It into the dominant power in the world. It into the dominant power in the world. It will allow Europe to conquer the entire will allow Europe to conquer the entire will allow Europe to conquer the entire world and world and world and force nations like China to adopt force nations like China to adopt force nations like China to adopt European European European um social frameworks. Okay, does that um social frameworks. Okay, does that um social frameworks. Okay, does that make sense, guys? Okay, so that's um the make sense, guys? Okay, so that's um the make sense, guys? Okay, so that's um the main idea main idea main idea here. Okay. Um the main advantage that here. Okay. Um the main advantage that here. Okay. Um the main advantage that Europe had over the rest of the world Europe had over the rest of the world Europe had over the rest of the world was also its main disadvantage which was also its main disadvantage which was also its main disadvantage which was Europe ever since the fall of the was Europe ever since the fall of the was Europe ever since the fall of the Roman Empire was always divided and poor Roman Empire was always divided and poor Roman Empire was always divided and poor and always fighting each other. Okay, and always fighting each other. Okay, and always fighting each other. Okay, this this is what the concept we use for this this is what the concept we use for this this is what the concept we use for for this in our class is open for this in our class is open for this in our class is open cooperative competition. This is the cooperative competition. This is the cooperative competition. This is the main driver of innovation in the world. main driver of innovation in the world. main driver of innovation in the world. When was China most creative? During the When was China most creative? During the When was China most creative? During the war and states period, right? Okay. So, this is this is right? Okay. So, this is this is consistently true throughout history. consistently true throughout history. consistently true throughout history. Whenever a society is fractured and the Whenever a society is fractured and the Whenever a society is fractured and the different constituent parts are forced different constituent parts are forced different constituent parts are forced to fight each other, this will lead to to fight each other, this will lead to to fight each other, this will lead to massive innovation not just in the massive innovation not just in the massive innovation not just in the military but also in society, in military but also in society, in military but also in society, in philosophy, in literature. Okay. Um, so we talked about the three Um, so we talked about the three revolutions in Europe that came about revolutions in Europe that came about revolutions in Europe that came about because of the gunpower revolution. because of the gunpower revolution. because of the gunpower revolution. Okay. All right. So, um, one thing to Okay. All right. So, um, one thing to Okay. All right. So, um, one thing to keep in mind keep in mind keep in mind is in the beginning it was not obvious is in the beginning it was not obvious is in the beginning it was not obvious to people gunpowder was a to people gunpowder was a to people gunpowder was a revolutionary force. revolutionary force. revolutionary force. um it would take centuries before um it would take centuries before um it would take centuries before societies the military used gunpowder as societies the military used gunpowder as societies the military used gunpowder as the main weapon. Okay. And the reason the main weapon. Okay. And the reason the main weapon. Okay. And the reason why is in the beginning gunpowder was why is in the beginning gunpowder was why is in the beginning gunpowder was very unstable. It was hard to store. It very unstable. It was hard to store. It very unstable. It was hard to store. It was hard to make and um the guns that was hard to make and um the guns that was hard to make and um the guns that you use were too heavy. So they were you use were too heavy. So they were you use were too heavy. So they were only a small part of your military. only a small part of your military. only a small part of your military. Also, what's important for us remember Also, what's important for us remember Also, what's important for us remember is that there's always been a battle is that there's always been a battle is that there's always been a battle between artillery and between artillery and between artillery and fortification. Okay, so even though the fortification. Okay, so even though the fortification. Okay, so even though the Ottomans used the cannon to destroy Ottomans used the cannon to destroy Ottomans used the cannon to destroy Consenipole, engineers would figure out Consenipole, engineers would figure out Consenipole, engineers would figure out ways to better defend the city. Okay, so ways to better defend the city. Okay, so ways to better defend the city. Okay, so the first strategy against um gunpowder the first strategy against um gunpowder the first strategy against um gunpowder was the idea of earth works basically was the idea of earth works basically was the idea of earth works basically and it's very simple. you just dig and it's very simple. you just dig and it's very simple. you just dig trenches around your city and then trenches around your city and then trenches around your city and then therefore the cannons cannot get get therefore the cannons cannot get get therefore the cannons cannot get get come into range of your city. Okay, does come into range of your city. Okay, does come into range of your city. Okay, does that make sense? So there are different that make sense? So there are different that make sense? So there are different strategies you can use to strategies you can use to strategies you can use to um negate the advantage of gunpowder. um negate the advantage of gunpowder. um negate the advantage of gunpowder. Okay, so earth works is one advantage. Okay, so earth works is one advantage. Okay, so earth works is one advantage. But then what they figured out was But then what they figured out was But then what they figured out was something called a star fortress. Okay, something called a star fortress. Okay, something called a star fortress. Okay, and this is a another revolution in the and this is a another revolution in the and this is a another revolution in the military. A star fortress is designed military. A star fortress is designed military. A star fortress is designed differently. Most fortresses before were differently. Most fortresses before were differently. Most fortresses before were rectangular because they were the most rectangular because they were the most rectangular because they were the most intuitive and the easiest to build. But intuitive and the easiest to build. But intuitive and the easiest to build. But with a star fortress, you have different with a star fortress, you have different with a star fortress, you have different points in the fortress so that you even points in the fortress so that you even points in the fortress so that you even if one part gets destroyed, guess what? if one part gets destroyed, guess what? if one part gets destroyed, guess what? You can fill the gaps, right? This part You can fill the gaps, right? This part You can fill the gaps, right? This part gets gets destroyed, but then you fill gets gets destroyed, but then you fill gets gets destroyed, but then you fill the gaps here, that part gets destroyed, the gaps here, that part gets destroyed, the gaps here, that part gets destroyed, you fill the gaps here. Okay? So, you you fill the gaps here. Okay? So, you you fill the gaps here. Okay? So, you basically have to attack the entire basically have to attack the entire basically have to attack the entire forces at once. And most armies don't forces at once. And most armies don't forces at once. And most armies don't have these resources to destroy the have these resources to destroy the have these resources to destroy the entire fortress at once. You can only do entire fortress at once. You can only do entire fortress at once. You can only do it part by part. Okay, you you want to it part by part. Okay, you you want to it part by part. Okay, you you want to breach the for fortress, but the star breach the for fortress, but the star breach the for fortress, but the star fortress allows you to be fortress allows you to be fortress allows you to be resilient. Okay, to be flexible. The the resilient. Okay, to be flexible. The the resilient. Okay, to be flexible. The the word that we use for this is ductile. word that we use for this is ductile. word that we use for this is ductile. Okay, ductile just means the resilience Okay, ductile just means the resilience Okay, ductile just means the resilience of materials. Um the gunpowire revolution will also Um the gunpowire revolution will also mark um radical changes in military mark um radical changes in military mark um radical changes in military formation, organization and hierarchy. formation, organization and hierarchy. formation, organization and hierarchy. Okay. So um again at this particular Okay. So um again at this particular Okay. So um again at this particular stage gunpowder is only a small fraction stage gunpowder is only a small fraction stage gunpowder is only a small fraction of the entire army. Most people are of the entire army. Most people are of the entire army. Most people are using spears and pikes to gather. Okay. using spears and pikes to gather. Okay. using spears and pikes to gather. Okay. They also have cavalry as well. So the They also have cavalry as well. So the They also have cavalry as well. So the problem for the Europeans is how do you problem for the Europeans is how do you problem for the Europeans is how do you best utilize all these best utilize all these best utilize all these resources in a much in a efficient and resources in a much in a efficient and resources in a much in a efficient and effective manner. Okay. So this is one effective manner. Okay. So this is one effective manner. Okay. So this is one possibility where the pikes are at the possibility where the pikes are at the possibility where the pikes are at the back, the gunpowers are in the front and back, the gunpowers are in the front and back, the gunpowers are in the front and the cavalry is to the wings. Okay. And the cavalry is to the wings. Okay. And the cavalry is to the wings. Okay. And this provides most flexibility in your this provides most flexibility in your this provides most flexibility in your army. And because Europeans always army. And because Europeans always army. And because Europeans always fighting each other, they're always able fighting each other, they're always able fighting each other, they're always able to figure out new strategies. Okay. Um, this is a picture of an European Um, this is a picture of an European army in the 16th army in the 16th army in the 16th century. Okay. All right. So, let's talk century. Okay. All right. So, let's talk century. Okay. All right. So, let's talk about very quickly the formation of about very quickly the formation of about very quickly the formation of gunpowder. How is gunpowder made? Well, gunpowder. How is gunpowder made? Well, gunpowder. How is gunpowder made? Well, gunpowder is made using three different gunpowder is made using three different gunpowder is made using three different uh resources. Okay, they are salt, uh resources. Okay, they are salt, uh resources. Okay, they are salt, pepper, sulfur, and charcoal. Charcoal pepper, sulfur, and charcoal. Charcoal pepper, sulfur, and charcoal. Charcoal is pretty easy to get. Okay. Sulfur you is pretty easy to get. Okay. Sulfur you is pretty easy to get. Okay. Sulfur you get from basically from volcanoes. And get from basically from volcanoes. And get from basically from volcanoes. And in Europe, the place where they had the in Europe, the place where they had the in Europe, the place where they had the most volcanoes was Italy on the Ital most volcanoes was Italy on the Ital most volcanoes was Italy on the Ital Italian peninsula. So if you look at the Italian peninsula. So if you look at the Italian peninsula. So if you look at the history of Europe, most wars, the vast history of Europe, most wars, the vast history of Europe, most wars, the vast majority of wars were actually fought majority of wars were actually fought majority of wars were actually fought over the Italian peninsula. One because over the Italian peninsula. One because over the Italian peninsula. One because you need sulfur for gunpowder, but also you need sulfur for gunpowder, but also you need sulfur for gunpowder, but also because the Italian peninsula could because the Italian peninsula could because the Italian peninsula could control trade with the rest of the control trade with the rest of the control trade with the rest of the world. And also because the church was world. And also because the church was world. And also because the church was there, the pope was there. there, the pope was there. there, the pope was there. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um, so pepper is uh the the the Um, so pepper is uh the the the Um, so pepper is uh the the the technical name is potassium nitrate and technical name is potassium nitrate and technical name is potassium nitrate and it comes from manure. Okay, manure. Um, it comes from manure. Okay, manure. Um, it comes from manure. Okay, manure. Um, it doesn't really grow naturally. So it doesn't really grow naturally. So it doesn't really grow naturally. So they have to farm it. They have to make they have to farm it. They have to make they have to farm it. They have to make it. They make it basically by it. They make it basically by it. They make it basically by um taking horse manure, animal manure um taking horse manure, animal manure um taking horse manure, animal manure and planting in the ground and then and planting in the ground and then and planting in the ground and then farming it. Okay. So this became an farming it. Okay. So this became an farming it. Okay. So this became an industry onto itself. And so pepper is industry onto itself. And so pepper is industry onto itself. And so pepper is important because um as they chemically important because um as they chemically important because um as they chemically enhance gunpowder, they discovered that enhance gunpowder, they discovered that enhance gunpowder, they discovered that um salt pepper should go from 41% to um salt pepper should go from 41% to um salt pepper should go from 41% to almost 70%. Okay? Okay. So, salt pepper almost 70%. Okay? Okay. So, salt pepper almost 70%. Okay? Okay. So, salt pepper was the main ingredient in gunpowder and was the main ingredient in gunpowder and was the main ingredient in gunpowder and the Europeans had to figure out ways to the Europeans had to figure out ways to the Europeans had to figure out ways to mass-produce salt pepper and that's why mass-produce salt pepper and that's why mass-produce salt pepper and that's why they came up with these um uh nitiv okay they came up with these um uh nitiv okay they came up with these um uh nitiv okay or or or farms. Okay. And this became a very farms. Okay. And this became a very farms. Okay. And this became a very important part of European society. important part of European society. important part of European society. Um you also had chemists working in Um you also had chemists working in Um you also had chemists working in laboratories to better laboratories to better laboratories to better refine the technology of gunpowder. refine the technology of gunpowder. refine the technology of gunpowder. Okay? Because because one huge issue of Okay? Because because one huge issue of Okay? Because because one huge issue of gunpowder is it's very hard to store. So gunpowder is it's very hard to store. So gunpowder is it's very hard to store. So for example, if it rains, guess what? No for example, if it rains, guess what? No for example, if it rains, guess what? No more gunpowder. Okay? So they constantly more gunpowder. Okay? So they constantly more gunpowder. Okay? So they constantly have to refine the chemical composition have to refine the chemical composition have to refine the chemical composition of gunpowder to make it resilient uh of gunpowder to make it resilient uh of gunpowder to make it resilient uh against rain, to make it easier to against rain, to make it easier to against rain, to make it easier to store, to make it easier to transport. store, to make it easier to transport. store, to make it easier to transport. There's also a good possibility that There's also a good possibility that There's also a good possibility that along the way uh the gunpowder along the way uh the gunpowder along the way uh the gunpowder u explodes on you. Okay, so this was an u explodes on you. Okay, so this was an u explodes on you. Okay, so this was an absolute necessity to figure out how to absolute necessity to figure out how to absolute necessity to figure out how to better make store and use better make store and use better make store and use gunpowder. Um you also had iron works, gunpowder. Um you also had iron works, gunpowder. Um you also had iron works, right? Because you need iron and metal right? Because you need iron and metal right? Because you need iron and metal to make cannons which was the main use to make cannons which was the main use to make cannons which was the main use of gunpowder. Um these are foundaries of gunpowder. Um these are foundaries of gunpowder. Um these are foundaries where they will make gunpowders. And where they will make gunpowders. And where they will make gunpowders. And again uh this helps us explain why towns again uh this helps us explain why towns again uh this helps us explain why towns became much more important than became much more important than became much more important than villages, right? Because it's towns villages, right? Because it's towns villages, right? Because it's towns where you have the specialization going where you have the specialization going where you have the specialization going on and not the on and not the on and not the villages. Um the thing to remember about villages. Um the thing to remember about villages. Um the thing to remember about the early guns called the uh arubus is the early guns called the uh arubus is the early guns called the uh arubus is that they're very heavy. Remember these that they're very heavy. Remember these that they're very heavy. Remember these are metal. Okay? So, uh, the soldier are metal. Okay? So, uh, the soldier are metal. Okay? So, uh, the soldier basically needs something to stabilize basically needs something to stabilize basically needs something to stabilize the gun. But even once a gun is the gun. But even once a gun is the gun. But even once a gun is stabilized, it's not very stabilized, it's not very stabilized, it's not very accurate, right? You can't it's I mean, accurate, right? You can't it's I mean, accurate, right? You can't it's I mean, you're better off actually off with a you're better off actually off with a you're better off actually off with a bow and arrow. And that's what most bow and arrow. And that's what most bow and arrow. And that's what most people were using, bow bow and arrow. people were using, bow bow and arrow. people were using, bow bow and arrow. Okay. The other thing about the Arbus Okay. The other thing about the Arbus Okay. The other thing about the Arbus and the musket is it's very, very slow, and the musket is it's very, very slow, and the musket is it's very, very slow, right? You have to aim it, then you have right? You have to aim it, then you have right? You have to aim it, then you have to fire it, and then you have to reload to fire it, and then you have to reload to fire it, and then you have to reload it. That could take uh it. That could take uh it. That could take uh maybe 10 minutes, half an hour, you maybe 10 minutes, half an hour, you maybe 10 minutes, half an hour, you know, it like the technology will get know, it like the technology will get know, it like the technology will get better and better over time, but it's better and better over time, but it's better and better over time, but it's very very slow. So, you have two issues very very slow. So, you have two issues very very slow. So, you have two issues with the guns, the musket, the archabus. with the guns, the musket, the archabus. with the guns, the musket, the archabus. One is that um it's not very accurate, One is that um it's not very accurate, One is that um it's not very accurate, and second of all, it's very slow. So and second of all, it's very slow. So and second of all, it's very slow. So the only solution is to have mass army the only solution is to have mass army the only solution is to have mass army to have a lot of soldiers firing at to have a lot of soldiers firing at to have a lot of soldiers firing at once. So you don't even care once. So you don't even care once. So you don't even care uh you don't even want to aim. You you uh you don't even want to aim. You you uh you don't even want to aim. You you just want to shoot it directly at just want to shoot it directly at just want to shoot it directly at cavalry or or soldiers. Okay? And that's cavalry or or soldiers. Okay? And that's cavalry or or soldiers. Okay? And that's the idea. And that's why um these armies the idea. And that's why um these armies the idea. And that's why um these armies like the Ming and the armaments were like the Ming and the armaments were like the Ming and the armaments were most able to use gunpower effectively most able to use gunpower effectively most able to use gunpower effectively because they could organize mass armies. because they could organize mass armies. because they could organize mass armies. Okay. So the Ming um were one of the Okay. So the Ming um were one of the Okay. So the Ming um were one of the main innovators of gunpowder armies main innovators of gunpowder armies main innovators of gunpowder armies using something called a folly. Okay. So using something called a folly. Okay. So using something called a folly. Okay. So what would happen is soldiers were sent what would happen is soldiers were sent what would happen is soldiers were sent in line that they they would come up, in line that they they would come up, in line that they they would come up, shoot it, then walk to the back a new shoot it, then walk to the back a new shoot it, then walk to the back a new line would come up and shoot it again. line would come up and shoot it again. line would come up and shoot it again. Okay? They weren't aiming. They were Okay? They weren't aiming. They were Okay? They weren't aiming. They were just shooting it. And this this is what just shooting it. And this this is what just shooting it. And this this is what we call volley fire, right? So this is a we call volley fire, right? So this is a we call volley fire, right? So this is a main tactic. Okay? So does it make sense main tactic. Okay? So does it make sense main tactic. Okay? So does it make sense to you guys so far? to you guys so far? to you guys so far? Um but over Um but over Um but over time um gunpowder will be will become time um gunpowder will be will become time um gunpowder will be will become much more effective, much more accurate, much more effective, much more accurate, much more effective, much more accurate, much faster. Okay. And now what you can much faster. Okay. And now what you can much faster. Okay. And now what you can do is conscript more do is conscript more do is conscript more soldiers. So in other words, what is soldiers. So in other words, what is soldiers. So in other words, what is required now is more conscripts for your required now is more conscripts for your required now is more conscripts for your army. Okay. So this is a picture of army. Okay. So this is a picture of army. Okay. So this is a picture of um a battle. But not only that, but you um a battle. But not only that, but you um a battle. But not only that, but you need your soldiers to be obedient, okay? need your soldiers to be obedient, okay? need your soldiers to be obedient, okay? Because you're asking them to charge Because you're asking them to charge Because you're asking them to charge into into into gunpowder, okay? And so you needed to gunpowder, okay? And so you needed to gunpowder, okay? And so you needed to change the nature of people change the nature of people change the nature of people into basically into basically into basically peaceloving pretty peaceloving pretty peaceloving pretty um simple individuals who were used to um simple individuals who were used to um simple individuals who were used to freedom to ones who were obedient who freedom to ones who were obedient who freedom to ones who were obedient who are bloodthirsty and who could kill are bloodthirsty and who could kill are bloodthirsty and who could kill other people. Okay? And that's why you other people. Okay? And that's why you other people. Okay? And that's why you have now have the invention of something have now have the invention of something have now have the invention of something called schools. Okay? Okay, if you don't called schools. Okay? Okay, if you don't called schools. Okay? Okay, if you don't know where skills come from, it comes know where skills come from, it comes know where skills come from, it comes from the need to from the need to from the need to um create as many soldiers as possible um create as many soldiers as possible um create as many soldiers as possible for your mass army. Okay, so a concept for your mass army. Okay, so a concept for your mass army. Okay, so a concept that I want to introduce you today and that I want to introduce you today and that I want to introduce you today and we will go over a lot in um uh this we will go over a lot in um uh this we will go over a lot in um uh this semester is the idea of synchronicity. semester is the idea of synchronicity. semester is the idea of synchronicity. Okay, synchronicity is to structure Okay, synchronicity is to structure Okay, synchronicity is to structure structure your society so that people in structure your society so that people in structure your society so that people in your society are able to follow the your society are able to follow the your society are able to follow the rules. Okay, they're able to follow the rules. Okay, they're able to follow the rules. Okay, they're able to follow the rules, then your study can become much rules, then your study can become much rules, then your study can become much more prosperous and become better uh um more prosperous and become better uh um more prosperous and become better uh um can have more effective militaries. can have more effective militaries. can have more effective militaries. Okay, so the two classic examples in Okay, so the two classic examples in Okay, so the two classic examples in this world of synchronosity, the two this world of synchronosity, the two this world of synchronosity, the two societies that do synchronosity the best societies that do synchronosity the best societies that do synchronosity the best are Germany and Japan. Okay, go to are Germany and Japan. Okay, go to are Germany and Japan. Okay, go to Germany, go to Japan and go on the Germany, go to Japan and go on the Germany, go to Japan and go on the subway. Guess what, guys? Even though subway. Guess what, guys? Even though subway. Guess what, guys? Even though it's really really crowded, everyone it's really really crowded, everyone it's really really crowded, everyone stands in line perfectly. stands in line perfectly. stands in line perfectly. Okay, everyone knows his or her position Okay, everyone knows his or her position Okay, everyone knows his or her position in the lie and everyone's waiting in the lie and everyone's waiting in the lie and everyone's waiting willing to wait in line. That's why um willing to wait in line. That's why um willing to wait in line. That's why um in the 20th century Japan and Germany in the 20th century Japan and Germany in the 20th century Japan and Germany had such effective militaries. Okay. And had such effective militaries. Okay. And had such effective militaries. Okay. And also why they also have very effective also why they also have very effective also why they also have very effective industries. Okay, schools will is is industries. Okay, schools will is is industries. Okay, schools will is is preparing people not just for the preparing people not just for the preparing people not just for the military but also for the assembly line, military but also for the assembly line, military but also for the assembly line, the workplace. the workplace. the workplace. And again, societies that are most able And again, societies that are most able And again, societies that are most able to stand in line to stand in line to stand in line orderly will be the most effective in orderly will be the most effective in orderly will be the most effective in terms of industry and military and terms of industry and military and terms of industry and military and that's usually the European societies that's usually the European societies that's usually the European societies and Japan as well. Okay. So again, and Japan as well. Okay. So again, and Japan as well. Okay. So again, gunpowder gunpowder gunpowder uh marks a whole society revolution uh marks a whole society revolution uh marks a whole society revolution changing not just the military and how changing not just the military and how changing not just the military and how how wars are fought but changing the how wars are fought but changing the how wars are fought but changing the very um nature of what it means to be very um nature of what it means to be very um nature of what it means to be human. Okay. Doesn't make sense. If you human. Okay. Doesn't make sense. If you human. Okay. Doesn't make sense. If you want to know where schools come from, it want to know where schools come from, it want to know where schools come from, it comes from the need to fight wars. All comes from the need to fight wars. All comes from the need to fight wars. All right? And again, um, China will adopt right? And again, um, China will adopt right? And again, um, China will adopt all these all these all these policies and struct social structures policies and struct social structures policies and struct social structures for itself. for itself. for itself. Okay. Um, let's go over some wars. So, Okay. Um, let's go over some wars. So, Okay. Um, let's go over some wars. So, what's really important about Europe at what's really important about Europe at what's really important about Europe at this time and and why Europe became the this time and and why Europe became the this time and and why Europe became the dominant power in the world is it never dominant power in the world is it never dominant power in the world is it never stops fighting each other. Okay, it's stops fighting each other. Okay, it's stops fighting each other. Okay, it's always fighting wars internally and always fighting wars internally and always fighting wars internally and externally against the Ottomans. Okay, externally against the Ottomans. Okay, externally against the Ottomans. Okay, so um um the wars between Europe and the so um um the wars between Europe and the so um um the wars between Europe and the Ottomans are called the Hungarian Ottomans are called the Hungarian Ottomans are called the Hungarian Ottoman wars and this will last for Ottoman wars and this will last for Ottoman wars and this will last for about 300 years. And in the beginning, about 300 years. And in the beginning, about 300 years. And in the beginning, this really important is the Ottomans this really important is the Ottomans this really important is the Ottomans destroy the destroy the destroy the Europeans. The Ottomans are able to Europeans. The Ottomans are able to Europeans. The Ottomans are able to destroy Consanopole and they're able to destroy Consanopole and they're able to destroy Consanopole and they're able to take over most of Eastern Europe. Okay. take over most of Eastern Europe. Okay. take over most of Eastern Europe. Okay. So, the Ottomans for many centuries up So, the Ottomans for many centuries up So, the Ottomans for many centuries up until the year 1700 is a dominant until the year 1700 is a dominant until the year 1700 is a dominant military power in Europe and around the military power in Europe and around the military power in Europe and around the world at this world at this world at this time. Um, there's also something called time. Um, there's also something called time. Um, there's also something called the 100 years war that is fought between the 100 years war that is fought between the 100 years war that is fought between France and England. Okay. Okay. Um, let's now go over some some wars. Um, let's now go over some some wars. Um, let's now go over some some wars. And what I will do now is show you the And what I will do now is show you the And what I will do now is show you the casualty count like how many people are casualty count like how many people are casualty count like how many people are killed in action. All right. So again, killed in action. All right. So again, killed in action. All right. So again, as I mentioned, a lot of wars are being as I mentioned, a lot of wars are being as I mentioned, a lot of wars are being fought on the Italian peninsula. So um fought on the Italian peninsula. So um fought on the Italian peninsula. So um the second Italian war, there's maybe the second Italian war, there's maybe the second Italian war, there's maybe 200,000 killed during this war. Okay, 200,000 killed during this war. Okay, 200,000 killed during this war. Okay, these are soldiers killed, not these are soldiers killed, not these are soldiers killed, not civilians. But when you get to a few few civilians. But when you get to a few few civilians. But when you get to a few few years later, it's years later, it's years later, it's 31,000. Okay, and then it goes up to 31,000. Okay, and then it goes up to 31,000. Okay, and then it goes up to 30,000. 30,000. 30,000. and then 75,000. Okay, these numbers are and then 75,000. Okay, these numbers are and then 75,000. Okay, these numbers are going up. Why? Because the armies are going up. Why? Because the armies are going up. Why? Because the armies are getting larger and the weapons are getting larger and the weapons are getting larger and the weapons are getting much more precise and effective. getting much more precise and effective. getting much more precise and effective. Okay, the this is the reason why uh more Okay, the this is the reason why uh more Okay, the this is the reason why uh more people are dying. The span English Spanish war it dying. The span English Spanish war it is really important. Um 48,000 people is really important. Um 48,000 people is really important. Um 48,000 people died. This is important because remember died. This is important because remember died. This is important because remember last class we talked about about how last class we talked about about how last class we talked about about how Spain is a dominant naval power in the Spain is a dominant naval power in the Spain is a dominant naval power in the world and that's what allowed Spain to world and that's what allowed Spain to world and that's what allowed Spain to colonize South America. But um in this colonize South America. But um in this colonize South America. But um in this war England will destroy the Spanish war England will destroy the Spanish war England will destroy the Spanish Armada the sp the Spanish navy and Armada the sp the Spanish navy and Armada the sp the Spanish navy and England now will become the dominant England now will become the dominant England now will become the dominant navy in Europe and around the world and navy in Europe and around the world and navy in Europe and around the world and they will maintain this position until they will maintain this position until they will maintain this position until America in World War II. Okay. So this America in World War II. Okay. So this America in World War II. Okay. So this is a really pivotal point in history, is a really pivotal point in history, is a really pivotal point in history, the sinking of the Spanish Amarda by the the sinking of the Spanish Amarda by the the sinking of the Spanish Amarda by the in by the English. We said this 30 years in by the English. We said this 30 years in by the English. We said this 30 years before um which was a religious war before um which was a religious war before um which was a religious war between the Protestants, Protestant between the Protestants, Protestant between the Protestants, Protestant Europe and the Catholics. This will kill Europe and the Catholics. This will kill Europe and the Catholics. This will kill between 4.5 million to 8 million people between 4.5 million to 8 million people between 4.5 million to 8 million people over a span of 30 years. This is the over a span of 30 years. This is the over a span of 30 years. This is the worst war in Europe before World War I. worst war in Europe before World War I. worst war in Europe before World War I. Okay. So these wars are becoming much Okay. So these wars are becoming much Okay. So these wars are becoming much more violent, much more uh deadly. more violent, much more uh deadly. more violent, much more uh deadly. Um, Spanish Portuguese war Um, Spanish Portuguese war Um, Spanish Portuguese war 80,000. Franco Spanish war 108,000. 80,000. Franco Spanish war 108,000. 80,000. Franco Spanish war 108,000. Okay, you're seeing these numbers go up, Okay, you're seeing these numbers go up, Okay, you're seeing these numbers go up, right? Franco Dutch War right? Franco Dutch War right? Franco Dutch War 342,000. Uh, war the Holy League almost 342,000. Uh, war the Holy League almost 342,000. Uh, war the Holy League almost 400,000. This is important because this 400,000. This is important because this 400,000. This is important because this is when Europe is finally able to defeat is when Europe is finally able to defeat is when Europe is finally able to defeat the Ottoman Empire. This marks a radical the Ottoman Empire. This marks a radical the Ottoman Empire. This marks a radical turning point where Europe will now turning point where Europe will now turning point where Europe will now become the dominant military power in become the dominant military power in become the dominant military power in the world and the Ottomans will now the world and the Ottomans will now the world and the Ottomans will now decline rapidly. Okay. Now you may be decline rapidly. Okay. Now you may be decline rapidly. Okay. Now you may be asking yourself, wait a minute here, why asking yourself, wait a minute here, why asking yourself, wait a minute here, why are all these wars being fought? And the are all these wars being fought? And the are all these wars being fought? And the answer is answer is answer is um Europe is divided among different um Europe is divided among different um Europe is divided among different kingdoms and the main policy of all kingdoms and the main policy of all kingdoms and the main policy of all these kingdoms is balance of power. So these kingdoms is balance of power. So these kingdoms is balance of power. So whenever a new power arises the other whenever a new power arises the other whenever a new power arises the other powers get together and try to take down powers get together and try to take down powers get together and try to take down that empire. Okay? So before it was that empire. Okay? So before it was that empire. Okay? So before it was Spain and then Spain was destroyed, then Spain and then Spain was destroyed, then Spain and then Spain was destroyed, then it was France, then it was Russia, then it was France, then it was Russia, then it was France, then it was Russia, then it was Germany. it was Germany. it was Germany. Okay? So that's the idea here. Um 9 Okay? So that's the idea here. Um 9 Okay? So that's the idea here. Um 9 years war almost years war almost years war almost 700,000. The seven years war is really 700,000. The seven years war is really 700,000. The seven years war is really the first world war because it's a war the first world war because it's a war the first world war because it's a war fought between France and England for fought between France and England for fought between France and England for control of the entire world. Okay? It's control of the entire world. Okay? It's control of the entire world. Okay? It's being fought in North America and it's being fought in North America and it's being fought in North America and it's being fought in Europe and almost a being fought in Europe and almost a being fought in Europe and almost a million people get killed in this war million people get killed in this war million people get killed in this war over seven years. French Revolutionary over seven years. French Revolutionary over seven years. French Revolutionary Wars, we'll discuss this later on, but Wars, we'll discuss this later on, but Wars, we'll discuss this later on, but 663,000 killed. The French Revolution 663,000 killed. The French Revolution 663,000 killed. The French Revolution wars is important historically wars is important historically wars is important historically because a lot of people who fought in because a lot of people who fought in because a lot of people who fought in this war, they are not professional this war, they are not professional this war, they are not professional soldiers. They're just citizens who have soldiers. They're just citizens who have soldiers. They're just citizens who have revolutionary devotion and fever. They revolutionary devotion and fever. They revolutionary devotion and fever. They love their country. They want freedom love their country. They want freedom love their country. They want freedom for the country. So they take up arms for the country. So they take up arms for the country. So they take up arms and they're able to defeat much more and they're able to defeat much more and they're able to defeat much more powerful European adversaries. Okay. So powerful European adversaries. Okay. So powerful European adversaries. Okay. So this is this is the beginning of what we this is this is the beginning of what we this is this is the beginning of what we call the nation state when the citizen call the nation state when the citizen call the nation state when the citizen is completely loyal to the nation. All is completely loyal to the nation. All is completely loyal to the nation. All right. We'll be talking about this um right. We'll be talking about this um right. We'll be talking about this um later on the French Revolutionary Wars. later on the French Revolutionary Wars. later on the French Revolutionary Wars. The and then of course the climax is The and then of course the climax is The and then of course the climax is World War I and you get 20 million World War I and you get 20 million World War I and you get 20 million people. Okay, 20 million people die in people. Okay, 20 million people die in people. Okay, 20 million people die in this war. So you can see how the casual this war. So you can see how the casual this war. So you can see how the casual rates just go up exponentially over the rates just go up exponentially over the rates just go up exponentially over the decades. And that just shows you how decades. And that just shows you how decades. And that just shows you how fast the Europeans are innovating. Okay? fast the Europeans are innovating. Okay? fast the Europeans are innovating. Okay? They're innovating in terms of They're innovating in terms of They're innovating in terms of bureaucracy, meaning that they are able bureaucracy, meaning that they are able bureaucracy, meaning that they are able to tax their citizens much more to tax their citizens much more to tax their citizens much more effectively. They're able to conscript effectively. They're able to conscript effectively. They're able to conscript more soldiers effectively. They're also more soldiers effectively. They're also more soldiers effectively. They're also innovating in terms of technology innovating in terms of technology innovating in terms of technology because of science, right? They now have because of science, right? They now have because of science, right? They now have like machine guns. in uh World War I. like machine guns. in uh World War I. like machine guns. in uh World War I. They also have trenches. We'll be talk They also have trenches. We'll be talk They also have trenches. We'll be talk about talk about this later on. All about talk about this later on. All about talk about this later on. All right. So, as I said before, uh the right. So, as I said before, uh the right. So, as I said before, uh the thing about Europe is that it's always thing about Europe is that it's always thing about Europe is that it's always divided into different factions who are divided into different factions who are divided into different factions who are always fighting against each other. And always fighting against each other. And always fighting against each other. And what you will see what what these maps what you will see what what these maps what you will see what what these maps will show you is two things. First is will show you is two things. First is will show you is two things. First is that that that um the status quo is always switching um the status quo is always switching um the status quo is always switching back and forth between different back and forth between different back and forth between different nations. Okay? So in the beginning in nations. Okay? So in the beginning in nations. Okay? So in the beginning in 1448 the Holy Roman Empire is a dominant 1448 the Holy Roman Empire is a dominant 1448 the Holy Roman Empire is a dominant power in Europe with a population of 15 power in Europe with a population of 15 power in Europe with a population of 15 million people. Okay, that's the first million people. Okay, that's the first million people. Okay, that's the first thing I want you guys to notice about thing I want you guys to notice about thing I want you guys to notice about these maps. Um the dominant power is these maps. Um the dominant power is these maps. Um the dominant power is always changing over time. The second always changing over time. The second always changing over time. The second thing that you will notice is that even thing that you will notice is that even thing that you will notice is that even though this is really interesting, even though this is really interesting, even though this is really interesting, even though these wars are deadly, they're though these wars are deadly, they're though these wars are deadly, they're continuous and they're becoming much continuous and they're becoming much continuous and they're becoming much more violent. the population of every more violent. the population of every more violent. the population of every nation in Europe goes up over time. nation in Europe goes up over time. nation in Europe goes up over time. Okay, so Okay, so Okay, so um 1554 the Ottomans now are in control um 1554 the Ottomans now are in control um 1554 the Ottomans now are in control and they're at 24 million. The Holy and they're at 24 million. The Holy and they're at 24 million. The Holy Roman Empire goes on at 19 million, but Roman Empire goes on at 19 million, but Roman Empire goes on at 19 million, but France is arising. So is Russia. France is arising. So is Russia. France is arising. So is Russia. Okay. 1623 Okay. 1623 Okay. 1623 uh the Holy R Roman Empire uh is still uh the Holy R Roman Empire uh is still uh the Holy R Roman Empire uh is still around. So holy empire and Ottomans are around. So holy empire and Ottomans are around. So holy empire and Ottomans are the dominant powers. But by the the dominant powers. But by the the dominant powers. But by the time of 1666 1660 France actually time of 1666 1660 France actually time of 1666 1660 France actually becomes the dominant power in Europe and becomes the dominant power in Europe and becomes the dominant power in Europe and because France becomes a dominant power because France becomes a dominant power because France becomes a dominant power in Europe all the nations decide to go in Europe all the nations decide to go in Europe all the nations decide to go against France. Okay. And this leads to against France. Okay. And this leads to against France. Okay. And this leads to a series of a series of a series of wars. wars. wars. Um 1727 France has has 23 million that Um 1727 France has has 23 million that Um 1727 France has has 23 million that matches the population of the Ottomans. matches the population of the Ottomans. matches the population of the Ottomans. Russia is rising now. Russia is rising now. Russia is rising now. Okay. Right before the French Revolution Okay. Right before the French Revolution Okay. Right before the French Revolution 1780, France is now the most populous 1780, France is now the most populous 1780, France is now the most populous country in Europe. Okay. 27 million. The country in Europe. Okay. 27 million. The country in Europe. Okay. 27 million. The Ottomans have 26 million. Okay. And this Ottomans have 26 million. Okay. And this Ottomans have 26 million. Okay. And this and this is right before the French Revolution. 1824. The Russians are now Revolution. 1824. The Russians are now at 49 million. They become now the at 49 million. They become now the at 49 million. They become now the dominant military power in Europe. And dominant military power in Europe. And dominant military power in Europe. And this will bring them in conflict with this will bring them in conflict with this will bring them in conflict with the rest of Europe. Okay, so England and the rest of Europe. Okay, so England and the rest of Europe. Okay, so England and Russia will fight something called the Russia will fight something called the Russia will fight something called the Great Game. We'll we'll be going over Great Game. We'll we'll be going over Great Game. We'll we'll be going over this in in a future class. Okay, so the this in in a future class. Okay, so the this in in a future class. Okay, so the rivalry between the United Kingdom and rivalry between the United Kingdom and rivalry between the United Kingdom and Russia, which still goes on today, by Russia, which still goes on today, by Russia, which still goes on today, by the way. Okay, it it's still going on the way. Okay, it it's still going on the way. Okay, it it's still going on today, the Great today, the Great today, the Great Game. Game. Game. Um, Germany is now rising in 1890. Okay, Um, Germany is now rising in 1890. Okay, Um, Germany is now rising in 1890. Okay, this is right before World War I. And so this is right before World War I. And so this is right before World War I. And so Germany now is the dominant power in Germany now is the dominant power in Germany now is the dominant power in Europe. So guess what happens? All the Europe. So guess what happens? All the Europe. So guess what happens? All the nations in Europe combine together to nations in Europe combine together to nations in Europe combine together to attack Germany. And this leads to attack Germany. And this leads to attack Germany. And this leads to something called World War I. something called World War I. something called World War I. Okay. All right. So that's the quick Okay. All right. So that's the quick Okay. All right. So that's the quick introduction to introduction to introduction to uh the history of the military uh the history of the military uh the history of the military revolution in Europe. Okay. We'll be revolution in Europe. Okay. We'll be revolution in Europe. Okay. We'll be going into specifics in future classes. going into specifics in future classes. going into specifics in future classes. All right, any questions about this? Was was this clear questions about this? Was was this clear to you guys? Okay, any questions? How can they recover from? How can they recover from? Okay, great question. Okay. So the Okay, great question. Okay. So the Okay, great question. Okay. So the question is um these wars are so deadly, question is um these wars are so deadly, question is um these wars are so deadly, right? And so how's it possible for right? And so how's it possible for right? And so how's it possible for these societies to be resilient and to these societies to be resilient and to these societies to be resilient and to recover? Okay. Um so recover? Okay. Um so recover? Okay. Um so um there are many different reasons um there are many different reasons um there are many different reasons there different many factors going on. there different many factors going on. there different many factors going on. Okay. But what's important is the rise Okay. But what's important is the rise Okay. But what's important is the rise of something called the nation of something called the nation of something called the nation state. Okay. So Indonesian state state. Okay. So Indonesian state state. Okay. So Indonesian state replaces the role of religion in replaces the role of religion in replaces the role of religion in people's people's people's lives, right? Before you had to lives, right? Before you had to lives, right? Before you had to sacrifice your life to the will of God. sacrifice your life to the will of God. sacrifice your life to the will of God. You have to serve You have to serve You have to serve God. Now with the French Revolution, you God. Now with the French Revolution, you God. Now with the French Revolution, you now have to dedicate your life to the now have to dedicate your life to the now have to dedicate your life to the nation. Okay? The glory of the nation. nation. Okay? The glory of the nation. nation. Okay? The glory of the nation. What what And what does that mean? It What what And what does that mean? It What what And what does that mean? It means like you have to do whatever it means like you have to do whatever it means like you have to do whatever it takes in order for your nation to beat takes in order for your nation to beat takes in order for your nation to beat other nations in war, which includes other nations in war, which includes other nations in war, which includes um um working hard, making a lot of um um working hard, making a lot of um um working hard, making a lot of money, but it also includes basically money, but it also includes basically money, but it also includes basically having a lot of children. And this is having a lot of children. And this is having a lot of children. And this is facilitated by the scientific and facilitated by the scientific and facilitated by the scientific and agricultural revolution. Remember last agricultural revolution. Remember last agricultural revolution. Remember last class we talked about how um because of class we talked about how um because of class we talked about how um because of the age of exploration, the Europeans the age of exploration, the Europeans the age of exploration, the Europeans were able to bring back the potato, were able to bring back the potato, were able to bring back the potato, corn, tomatoes, squash. These are pretty corn, tomatoes, squash. These are pretty corn, tomatoes, squash. These are pretty easy to grow and they provide a lot of easy to grow and they provide a lot of easy to grow and they provide a lot of nutrition for the European nations. nutrition for the European nations. nutrition for the European nations. Okay. But um what but what's important Okay. But um what but what's important Okay. But um what but what's important is what's really driving the population is what's really driving the population is what's really driving the population growth is war and the necessity for growth is war and the necessity for growth is war and the necessity for having a large population. So the having a large population. So the having a large population. So the government will provide a lot of government will provide a lot of government will provide a lot of policies that promote population growth. policies that promote population growth. policies that promote population growth. Okay, does that make sense? Well, we Okay, does that make sense? Well, we Okay, does that make sense? Well, we we'll be discussing this in future we'll be discussing this in future we'll be discussing this in future classes. All right. And I mean I I know classes. All right. And I mean I I know classes. All right. And I mean I I know it's hard for us to it's hard for us to it's hard for us to imagine, but war gives people meaning imagine, but war gives people meaning imagine, but war gives people meaning and and and purpose. Okay? Does that make sense? purpose. Okay? Does that make sense? purpose. Okay? Does that make sense? It's it's like it it's like rooting for It's it's like it it's like rooting for It's it's like it it's like rooting for a sports team. You want your sports team a sports team. You want your sports team a sports team. You want your sports team to win no matter what. Okay? You're to win no matter what. Okay? You're to win no matter what. Okay? You're you're you're going to go and cheer them you're you're going to go and cheer them you're you're going to go and cheer them on. Okay? That's what war does. War on. Okay? That's what war does. War on. Okay? That's what war does. War really really really galvanizes the energy of people. So galvanizes the energy of people. So galvanizes the energy of people. So people feel extremely patriotic during people feel extremely patriotic during people feel extremely patriotic during wars. even though their children are wars. even though their children are wars. even though their children are getting killed. The other thing that's getting killed. The other thing that's getting killed. The other thing that's really important about war um is that it really important about war um is that it really important about war um is that it gives people hope in the future. I I gives people hope in the future. I I gives people hope in the future. I I know this is paradoxical, okay? But so know this is paradoxical, okay? But so know this is paradoxical, okay? But so let me explain. With war, a lot of let me explain. With war, a lot of let me explain. With war, a lot of people people people die. With death comes opportunities that die. With death comes opportunities that die. With death comes opportunities that didn't exist before that creates social didn't exist before that creates social didn't exist before that creates social mobility. So it's perfectly possible mobility. So it's perfectly possible mobility. So it's perfectly possible that you're a peasant but because of war that you're a peasant but because of war that you're a peasant but because of war the nobility dies off and your son can the nobility dies off and your son can the nobility dies off and your son can go join the army become like a captain go join the army become like a captain go join the army become like a captain or a lieutenant come back and start his or a lieutenant come back and start his or a lieutenant come back and start his own business and that wasn't available own business and that wasn't available own business and that wasn't available before right because in peace time the before right because in peace time the before right because in peace time the social hackery stays stagnant okay does social hackery stays stagnant okay does social hackery stays stagnant okay does that make sense so um yeah I I mean like that make sense so um yeah I I mean like that make sense so um yeah I I mean like and and so if you think about it it's and and so if you think about it it's and and so if you think about it it's because we live in a world of peace because we live in a world of peace because we live in a world of peace Okay, something called the PAX Okay, something called the PAX Okay, something called the PAX Americana, the American peace. And Americana, the American peace. And Americana, the American peace. And that's why a lot of young people refuse that's why a lot of young people refuse that's why a lot of young people refuse to have children. Okay, why are young to have children. Okay, why are young to have children. Okay, why are young people refusing to have children? They people refusing to have children? They people refusing to have children? They really don't see a future, right? It's really don't see a future, right? It's really don't see a future, right? It's like, I'm not going to rise up in the like, I'm not going to rise up in the like, I'm not going to rise up in the social hierarchy. My kids aren't going social hierarchy. My kids aren't going social hierarchy. My kids aren't going to rise up in the social social to rise up in the social social to rise up in the social social hierarchy. There are fewer fewer hierarchy. There are fewer fewer hierarchy. There are fewer fewer economic economic economic opportunities. Your old people aren't opportunities. Your old people aren't opportunities. Your old people aren't dying. Okay? They're not dying. I mean, dying. Okay? They're not dying. I mean, dying. Okay? They're not dying. I mean, I know a lot of old people who are I know a lot of old people who are I know a lot of old people who are extremely successful and they will live extremely successful and they will live extremely successful and they will live over 100. They are like 90, 80 right now over 100. They are like 90, 80 right now over 100. They are like 90, 80 right now and they are extremely healthy. They're and they are extremely healthy. They're and they are extremely healthy. They're happy with their happy with their happy with their lives. They're very wealthy. They don't lives. They're very wealthy. They don't lives. They're very wealthy. They don't have they don't have any reason to die have they don't have any reason to die have they don't have any reason to die and they won't die. So all that wealth and they won't die. So all that wealth and they won't die. So all that wealth becomes monopolized by old people. And becomes monopolized by old people. And becomes monopolized by old people. And so young people are like, why would I so young people are like, why would I so young people are like, why would I want to have children? Why would I want want to have children? Why would I want want to have children? Why would I want to work hard? Why why do I even want to to work hard? Why why do I even want to to work hard? Why why do I even want to be ambitious? There's no point. be ambitious? There's no point. be ambitious? There's no point. Okay. Does that make sense? Okay. All Okay. Does that make sense? Okay. All Okay. Does that make sense? Okay. All right. Good. Great question. Any more right. Good. Great question. Any more right. Good. Great question. Any more questions be before I questions be before I questions be before I continue? All right. So, what I'm going continue? All right. So, what I'm going continue? All right. So, what I'm going to do now is I'm going to summarize what to do now is I'm going to summarize what to do now is I'm going to summarize what we learned. Okay. Um, just so you have a we learned. Okay. Um, just so you have a we learned. Okay. Um, just so you have a clear clear understanding of how clear clear understanding of how clear clear understanding of how everything fits together. All right. So, everything fits together. All right. So, everything fits together. All right. So, feudalism. What is feudalism? This is a system that was in feudalism? This is a system that was in Europe for 100 years. Okay. in something Europe for 100 years. Okay. in something Europe for 100 years. Okay. in something called the high middle ages or the late called the high middle ages or the late called the high middle ages or the late middle ages which was maybe about a middle ages which was maybe about a middle ages which was maybe about a thousand to 1400 okay 1500 okay so how thousand to 1400 okay 1500 okay so how thousand to 1400 okay 1500 okay so how does feism workism works does feism workism works does feism workism works because each part of society it's because each part of society it's because each part of society it's partitioned into different lands run by partitioned into different lands run by partitioned into different lands run by lords okay maybe lord A, Lord B, Lord C, lords okay maybe lord A, Lord B, Lord C, lords okay maybe lord A, Lord B, Lord C, Lord D. The king was more of a Lord D. The king was more of a Lord D. The king was more of a figurehead and he really didn't have figurehead and he really didn't have figurehead and he really didn't have that much authority over the local that much authority over the local that much authority over the local regions because each region has their regions because each region has their regions because each region has their own army with castles. So it's very hard own army with castles. So it's very hard own army with castles. So it's very hard to invade every single part. Okay? And to invade every single part. Okay? And to invade every single part. Okay? And so um whenever there's a war, what would so um whenever there's a war, what would so um whenever there's a war, what would happen is the king says, "Okay guys, we happen is the king says, "Okay guys, we happen is the king says, "Okay guys, we need to go to war." So A would come in need to go to war." So A would come in need to go to war." So A would come in with his army, B would come in with his with his army, B would come in with his with his army, B would come in with his with his army, then C then D and they with his army, then C then D and they with his army, then C then D and they would fight independently. Okay. And would fight independently. Okay. And would fight independently. Okay. And what would often happen is that maybe C what would often happen is that maybe C what would often happen is that maybe C betrays the king. Okay. This would betrays the king. Okay. This would betrays the king. Okay. This would happen a lot in European history. This happen a lot in European history. This happen a lot in European history. This is how most wars are fought is how most wars are fought is how most wars are fought um in the feudal era. Okay. Now with gunpowdered, okay, with gunpowdered, okay, with gunpowdered, okay, you need gunpowdered, okay, you need gunpowdered, okay, you need centralization. Why? Because the thing centralization. Why? Because the thing centralization. Why? Because the thing about gunpowder as I discussed is you about gunpowder as I discussed is you about gunpowder as I discussed is you need a huge army in order to best need a huge army in order to best need a huge army in order to best effectively use this gunpowder. So you effectively use this gunpowder. So you effectively use this gunpowder. So you need two things, conscription. And therefore, you need a conscription. And therefore, you need a bureaucracy. bureaucracy. bureaucracy. Okay, does that make sense guys? You Okay, does that make sense guys? You Okay, does that make sense guys? You need to do resolve these two issues. You need to do resolve these two issues. You need to do resolve these two issues. You have to tax people to create a central have to tax people to create a central have to tax people to create a central army and you need to constrict people to army and you need to constrict people to army and you need to constrict people to fill the ranks of your army. You can fill the ranks of your army. You can fill the ranks of your army. You can only do it through a centralized only do it through a centralized only do it through a centralized bureaucracy. bureaucracy. bureaucracy. Therefore, at this time, historians say Therefore, at this time, historians say Therefore, at this time, historians say that the feudalism transitioned into an that the feudalism transitioned into an that the feudalism transitioned into an absolute monarchy where the king now has absolute monarchy where the king now has absolute monarchy where the king now has absolute power because a king only the absolute power because a king only the absolute power because a king only the king can organize a centralized king can organize a centralized king can organize a centralized bureaucracy. Okay. So now what would bureaucracy. Okay. So now what would bureaucracy. Okay. So now what would happen is that um the happen is that um the happen is that um the king would ask for conscripts from all king would ask for conscripts from all king would ask for conscripts from all lands to create a lands to create a lands to create a centralized centralized centralized army. army. army. Okay. So why you need to do this is the Okay. So why you need to do this is the Okay. So why you need to do this is the nature of gunpowder. So remember before um soldiers were So remember before um soldiers were self-sufficient. If there's a battle, self-sufficient. If there's a battle, self-sufficient. If there's a battle, they just went and got their armor and they just went and got their armor and they just went and got their armor and then the sword and then they go off to then the sword and then they go off to then the sword and then they go off to battle. Okay, with gunpowdered, you need battle. Okay, with gunpowdered, you need battle. Okay, with gunpowdered, you need different elements. Okay, first of all, different elements. Okay, first of all, different elements. Okay, first of all, you need you need you need material. The the two main material, material. The the two main material, material. The the two main material, sulfur and um salt, sulfur and um salt, sulfur and um salt, pepper, and therefore you needed to do pepper, and therefore you needed to do pepper, and therefore you needed to do trade and production. trade and production. trade and production. Okay, you needed to create a gunpowder Okay, you needed to create a gunpowder Okay, you needed to create a gunpowder economy if you are to have a gunpowder economy if you are to have a gunpowder economy if you are to have a gunpowder army. But you also need army. But you also need army. But you also need um specialists. Specialists are just um specialists. Specialists are just um specialists. Specialists are just people who are able to make gunpowder people who are able to make gunpowder people who are able to make gunpowder and who are able to use gunpowder in and who are able to use gunpowder in and who are able to use gunpowder in battle. Okay, you need industry. battle. Okay, you need industry. battle. Okay, you need industry. Industry are people who manufacture Industry are people who manufacture Industry are people who manufacture gunpowder and manufacture cannons. You gunpowder and manufacture cannons. You gunpowder and manufacture cannons. You need research. And these are just need research. And these are just need research. And these are just scientists who help you refine gunpowder scientists who help you refine gunpowder scientists who help you refine gunpowder over time. Okay. You also need a bureaucracy to coordinate and you also bureaucracy to coordinate and you also need a military hierarchy. Why? need a military hierarchy. Why? need a military hierarchy. Why? Because these soldiers need to be Because these soldiers need to be Because these soldiers need to be trained on how how to use the guns. trained on how how to use the guns. trained on how how to use the guns. Okay? Okay, you need a hierarchy to Okay? Okay, you need a hierarchy to Okay? Okay, you need a hierarchy to control the training of soldiers and the control the training of soldiers and the control the training of soldiers and the deployment of soldiers in battle. Okay, deployment of soldiers in battle. Okay, deployment of soldiers in battle. Okay, so so I mean like this is very simple um so so I mean like this is very simple um so so I mean like this is very simple um what I'm doing but as you can see what what I'm doing but as you can see what what I'm doing but as you can see what this means is you need a what we call a this means is you need a what we call a this means is you need a what we call a whole society whole society whole society approach. approach. approach. Okay. You have to radically transform Okay. You have to radically transform Okay. You have to radically transform your society so that it is all resources your society so that it is all resources your society so that it is all resources are directed to the use of gunpowder in are directed to the use of gunpowder in are directed to the use of gunpowder in battle. And the society that is most battle. And the society that is most battle. And the society that is most able to do this will be the most able to do this will be the most able to do this will be the most effective in war. Okay. And who are the effective in war. Okay. And who are the effective in war. Okay. And who are the who are the people who are most able to who are the people who are most able to who are the people who are most able to do this over time? The Prussians which do this over time? The Prussians which do this over time? The Prussians which will become Germany and the Japanese. will become Germany and the Japanese. will become Germany and the Japanese. Okay. And these these are just two Okay. And these these are just two Okay. And these these are just two examples. also the Americans as well and examples. also the Americans as well and examples. also the Americans as well and they are the most effective in in war a they are the most effective in in war a they are the most effective in in war a whole society approach. Now the question whole society approach. Now the question whole society approach. Now the question then is well okay the logic here makes then is well okay the logic here makes then is well okay the logic here makes sense but why is it that it's Europe sense but why is it that it's Europe sense but why is it that it's Europe that use a wholesale side approach and that use a wholesale side approach and that use a wholesale side approach and not China not the Ottomans not the not China not the Ottomans not the not China not the Ottomans not the Indians okay the reason why is Indians okay the reason why is Indians okay the reason why is wholesided approach means a radical wholesided approach means a radical wholesided approach means a radical transformation of your social hierarchy transformation of your social hierarchy transformation of your social hierarchy and social order that's the reason why and social order that's the reason why and social order that's the reason why all right so the Three major changes as all right so the Three major changes as all right so the Three major changes as we discussed is to go from we discussed is to go from we discussed is to go from feudalism, okay, basically an feudalism, okay, basically an feudalism, okay, basically an aristocracy aristocracy aristocracy to a bureaucracy. Okay, a national to a bureaucracy. Okay, a national to a bureaucracy. Okay, a national bureaucracy bureaucrats. So the power bureaucracy bureaucrats. So the power bureaucracy bureaucrats. So the power shifts from the shifts from the shifts from the aristocrats to the aristocrats to the aristocrats to the bureaucrats. Okay, that's one radical bureaucrats. Okay, that's one radical bureaucrats. Okay, that's one radical social change. But then you have to go social change. But then you have to go social change. But then you have to go from um from um from um agriculture to industry. agriculture to industry. agriculture to industry. Who? The Who? The Who? The merchants. So now you have to give the merchants. So now you have to give the merchants. So now you have to give the merchants, the capitalists, trades merchants, the capitalists, trades merchants, the capitalists, trades people more power in your society, people more power in your society, people more power in your society, right? And right? And right? And and the bureaucrats don't want that. Okay? And then you have to go from that. Okay? And then you have to go from religion to science. So now the people religion to science. So now the people religion to science. So now the people with the most authority in your society with the most authority in your society with the most authority in your society are no longer priests, which has are no longer priests, which has are no longer priests, which has historically been true, but historically been true, but historically been true, but scientists, right? So this is a scientists, right? So this is a scientists, right? So this is a radical social transformation that radical social transformation that radical social transformation that overturns the entire social hierarchy. overturns the entire social hierarchy. overturns the entire social hierarchy. And that's why and that's why this is And that's why and that's why this is And that's why and that's why this is really important. This is a process that really important. This is a process that really important. This is a process that will take centuries and which will lead will take centuries and which will lead will take centuries and which will lead to traumatic social revolution including to traumatic social revolution including to traumatic social revolution including the French revolution, the American the French revolution, the American the French revolution, the American revolutions. Okay, we'll be discussing revolutions. Okay, we'll be discussing revolutions. Okay, we'll be discussing this later on. Okay, so that's what you have to do on. Okay, so that's what you have to do and most societies are not willing to do and most societies are not willing to do and most societies are not willing to do this this this because the elite don't want to give up because the elite don't want to give up because the elite don't want to give up power. Okay, it's that simple. Okay, the power. Okay, it's that simple. Okay, the power. Okay, it's that simple. Okay, the elite do not want to give up power. elite do not want to give up power. elite do not want to give up power. Their power has to be taken away from Their power has to be taken away from Their power has to be taken away from them. Okay. So, let me give you an them. Okay. So, let me give you an them. Okay. So, let me give you an example to example to example to illustrate how hard it is illustrate how hard it is illustrate how hard it is to transform society. Okay. All right. to transform society. Okay. All right. to transform society. Okay. All right. So, let's look at So, let's look at So, let's look at China. Let's look at Europe. Hey China. Let's look at Europe. Hey China. Let's look at Europe. Hey guys. So, China is um one of the first guys. So, China is um one of the first guys. So, China is um one of the first societies to centralize. And when you societies to centralize. And when you societies to centralize. And when you centralize, you centralize, you centralize, you um accumulate a lot of resources. And um accumulate a lot of resources. And um accumulate a lot of resources. And these resources allow you to make great these resources allow you to make great these resources allow you to make great inventions. And so the four great inventions. And so the four great inventions. And so the four great inventions of China are the inventions of China are the inventions of China are the compass, compass, compass, right? right? right? Paper, print making and um gunpowder. Okay, these are making and um gunpowder. Okay, these are the four great inventions of China. the four great inventions of China. the four great inventions of China. China was the first to invent this by China was the first to invent this by China was the first to invent this by hundreds of years. Okay. So the printing hundreds of years. Okay. So the printing hundreds of years. Okay. So the printing press in China was maybe about the year press in China was maybe about the year press in China was maybe about the year 800. In Europe it would be 1400. Okay. 800. In Europe it would be 1400. Okay. 800. In Europe it would be 1400. Okay. So this is like a huge advantage over So this is like a huge advantage over So this is like a huge advantage over Europe. But these four inventions did Europe. But these four inventions did Europe. But these four inventions did not really impact society in China. They not really impact society in China. They not really impact society in China. They had no impact on society. But in Europe had no impact on society. But in Europe had no impact on society. But in Europe when they are when they go over to when they are when they go over to when they are when they go over to Europe the compass will bring Europe the compass will bring Europe the compass will bring in the age of exploration, right? It in the age of exploration, right? It in the age of exploration, right? It will allow Europe to conquer the entire will allow Europe to conquer the entire will allow Europe to conquer the entire world. The age of exploration, right? world. The age of exploration, right? world. The age of exploration, right? Paper and print making. What does it do? Paper and print making. What does it do? Paper and print making. What does it do? It creates universal It creates universal It creates universal literacy. Everyone in Europe is now able literacy. Everyone in Europe is now able literacy. Everyone in Europe is now able to read and write because of paper and to read and write because of paper and to read and write because of paper and printmaking. It radically transforms the printmaking. It radically transforms the printmaking. It radically transforms the entire fabric of European society. And entire fabric of European society. And entire fabric of European society. And because people are now able to read and because people are now able to read and because people are now able to read and write, it gives rise to the renaissance. write, it gives rise to the renaissance. write, it gives rise to the renaissance. suppressor re reformation revolution. suppressor re reformation revolution. suppressor re reformation revolution. Okay. And the gunpowder allows Europe to Okay. And the gunpowder allows Europe to Okay. And the gunpowder allows Europe to conquer the entire world conquest. Okay. conquer the entire world conquest. Okay. conquer the entire world conquest. Okay. So think about that. Europe China was So think about that. Europe China was So think about that. Europe China was the first to invent all four and Europe the first to invent all four and Europe the first to invent all four and Europe was able to take all four and radically was able to take all four and radically was able to take all four and radically transform the society and make Europe transform the society and make Europe transform the society and make Europe into the dominant power in the entire into the dominant power in the entire into the dominant power in the entire world. Right? So then the question then world. Right? So then the question then world. Right? So then the question then is why is is why is is why is it China didn't make it China didn't make it China didn't make use of these four inventions? Just look use of these four inventions? Just look use of these four inventions? Just look at paper and printmaking. at paper and printmaking. at paper and printmaking. Okay. The problem in China is that you Okay. The problem in China is that you Okay. The problem in China is that you have these confusion have these confusion have these confusion bureaucrats and what is their source of bureaucrats and what is their source of bureaucrats and what is their source of power? It's the monopoly over literacy power? It's the monopoly over literacy power? It's the monopoly over literacy and knowledge production. Right? So they and knowledge production. Right? So they and knowledge production. Right? So they didn't want to make it possible for didn't want to make it possible for didn't want to make it possible for everyone to read and write because that everyone to read and write because that everyone to read and write because that would reduce their power over the would reduce their power over the would reduce their power over the people, right? Does that make sense? people, right? Does that make sense? people, right? Does that make sense? Same thing with the compass. The compass Same thing with the compass. The compass Same thing with the compass. The compass would allow Chinese to explore the world would allow Chinese to explore the world would allow Chinese to explore the world and bring in new ideas and new goods. and bring in new ideas and new goods. and bring in new ideas and new goods. The burgers didn't want that. They want The burgers didn't want that. They want The burgers didn't want that. They want to protect the social to protect the social to protect the social hierarchy. With gunpowder, yeah, it's hierarchy. With gunpowder, yeah, it's hierarchy. With gunpowder, yeah, it's fine. But the problem fine. But the problem fine. But the problem is if now everyone has a gun, they can is if now everyone has a gun, they can is if now everyone has a gun, they can revolt against you, revolt against you, revolt against you, right? Okay. So for China, it was much right? Okay. So for China, it was much right? Okay. So for China, it was much more important to maintain a social more important to maintain a social more important to maintain a social hierarchy than it is to innovate and to hierarchy than it is to innovate and to hierarchy than it is to innovate and to dominate the world. dominate the world. dominate the world. In fact, what's important for us to In fact, what's important for us to In fact, what's important for us to remember is that if you give governments remember is that if you give governments remember is that if you give governments a choice, they would always choose to a choice, they would always choose to a choice, they would always choose to maintain a social hierarchy rather than maintain a social hierarchy rather than maintain a social hierarchy rather than to to innovate because that's just the to to innovate because that's just the to to innovate because that's just the easiest thing to do. But, and this is easiest thing to do. But, and this is easiest thing to do. But, and this is important, Europe didn't have a choice important, Europe didn't have a choice important, Europe didn't have a choice in the matter. It was a matter of life in the matter. It was a matter of life in the matter. It was a matter of life and death. You either innovate or you and death. You either innovate or you and death. You either innovate or you will get destroyed by your will get destroyed by your will get destroyed by your neighbor. Okay, does that make neighbor. Okay, does that make neighbor. Okay, does that make sense? Okay, great. Okay. So um so we we sense? Okay, great. Okay. So um so we we sense? Okay, great. Okay. So um so we we did a broad overview of the history and did a broad overview of the history and did a broad overview of the history and we'll go go into very specific details we'll go go into very specific details we'll go go into very specific details um over the next few weeks. Okay. So um over the next few weeks. Okay. So um over the next few weeks. Okay. So next class will be on the enlightenment next class will be on the enlightenment next class will be on the enlightenment which will then give rise to the French which will then give rise to the French which will then give rise to the French Revolution and the American Revolution. Revolution and the American Revolution. Revolution and the American Revolution. Okay. All right. So but this is just a Okay. All right. So but this is just a Okay. All right. So but this is just a very broad very broad very broad overview. All right. So um questions overview. All right. So um questions overview. All right. So um questions guys? guys? guys? Yes. Okay. So why did Europe innovate, right? Okay. So why did Europe innovate, right? Okay. Great. So let's look at Okay. Great. So let's look at Okay. Great. So let's look at Europe like let's just look at France or Europe like let's just look at France or Europe like let's just look at France or Okay. Okay. So as a Okay. Okay. So as a Okay. Okay. So as a nation you are under two types of nation you are under two types of nation you are under two types of pressure. pressure. pressure. external. external. external. Okay, external just means Okay, external just means Okay, external just means Britain, Britain, Britain, Russia, Russia, Russia, Germany, Holy Roman Empire. Okay, you Germany, Holy Roman Empire. Okay, you Germany, Holy Roman Empire. Okay, you have a lot of enemies, okay? And so have a lot of enemies, okay? And so have a lot of enemies, okay? And so you're competing against them. at the you're competing against them. at the you're competing against them. at the same time that's really same time that's really same time that's really important. You have sorry have sorry um um um internal pressure as well. Okay? Because internal pressure as well. Okay? Because internal pressure as well. Okay? Because remember what they're doing now is remember what they're doing now is remember what they're doing now is they're recruiting more and more people they're recruiting more and more people they're recruiting more and more people to join your army. And the general rule to join your army. And the general rule to join your army. And the general rule is that if people fight for you, they is that if people fight for you, they is that if people fight for you, they die for you, they also have a say in die for you, they also have a say in die for you, they also have a say in your society. your society. your society. Okay. Also, you need you need you need Okay. Also, you need you need you need Okay. Also, you need you need you need you need to get people to have children you need to get people to have children you need to get people to have children to replenish your population. You need to replenish your population. You need to replenish your population. You need everyone to get get you need to get them everyone to get get you need to get them everyone to get get you need to get them to work hard. Okay? So, you're always to work hard. Okay? So, you're always to work hard. Okay? So, you're always afraid of afraid of afraid of revolution, revolution, revolution, discontent, and also the idea of discontent, and also the idea of discontent, and also the idea of indifference, right? People don't care indifference, right? People don't care indifference, right? People don't care anymore. So, you're under these two anymore. So, you're under these two anymore. So, you're under these two pressures. So because of these two pressures. So because of these two pressures. So because of these two pressures, it creates contradictions in pressures, it creates contradictions in pressures, it creates contradictions in your society and these contradictions your society and these contradictions your society and these contradictions force you to balance these force you to balance these force you to balance these contradictions which leads to contradictions which leads to contradictions which leads to innovation. Okay, does that logic here innovation. Okay, does that logic here innovation. Okay, does that logic here make sense to you? Right? This creates make sense to you? Right? This creates make sense to you? Right? This creates conflict and conflict and conflict and contradiction, right? Which will then contradiction, right? Which will then contradiction, right? Which will then lead to uh innovation. And if you don't lead to uh innovation. And if you don't lead to uh innovation. And if you don't do if you don't innovate, then you'll do if you don't innovate, then you'll do if you don't innovate, then you'll have a revolution or defeat. Okay? Does have a revolution or defeat. Okay? Does have a revolution or defeat. Okay? Does that make sense? If you don't innovate, that make sense? If you don't innovate, that make sense? If you don't innovate, your enemies will come and conquer you your enemies will come and conquer you your enemies will come and conquer you or your people will rebel and overthrow or your people will rebel and overthrow or your people will rebel and overthrow you. Okay, those are the two options. you. Okay, those are the two options. you. Okay, those are the two options. You don't have a so you don't have a You don't have a so you don't have a You don't have a so you don't have a choice in a matter but to innovate. But choice in a matter but to innovate. But choice in a matter but to innovate. But sometimes the innovation can't keep up sometimes the innovation can't keep up sometimes the innovation can't keep up with the social change. And that's what with the social change. And that's what with the social change. And that's what happened in the French Revolution which happened in the French Revolution which happened in the French Revolution which which we we will discuss uh later on is which we we will discuss uh later on is which we we will discuss uh later on is that okay the government was trying to that okay the government was trying to that okay the government was trying to make these changes but you have too many make these changes but you have too many make these changes but you have too many social classes the merchant class uh the social classes the merchant class uh the social classes the merchant class uh the educated middle class lawyers basically educated middle class lawyers basically educated middle class lawyers basically you you have all these different social you you have all these different social you you have all these different social groups now who want a greater say in groups now who want a greater say in groups now who want a greater say in government but then you have this government but then you have this government but then you have this hierarchy of like clergy, nobility hierarchy of like clergy, nobility hierarchy of like clergy, nobility um and um bureaucrats who want to um and um bureaucrats who want to um and um bureaucrats who want to maintain their privileges. Okay? And if maintain their privileges. Okay? And if maintain their privileges. Okay? And if you can't resolve this conflict, then you can't resolve this conflict, then you can't resolve this conflict, then the only outcome is the only outcome is the only outcome is revolution, right? So, so it's either revolution, right? So, so it's either revolution, right? So, so it's either you choose to resolve it or it will be you choose to resolve it or it will be you choose to resolve it or it will be resolved for you. resolved for you. resolved for you. Okay? So, this is a process of constant Okay? So, this is a process of constant Okay? So, this is a process of constant innovation and revolution. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right. Um, that's a good Okay. All right. Um, that's a good question. Okay. So, why isn't this question. Okay. So, why isn't this question. Okay. So, why isn't this happening in China? Okay. All right. So, happening in China? Okay. All right. So, happening in China? Okay. All right. So, um, the first thing about China, let's um, the first thing about China, let's um, the first thing about China, let's say from Europe, is that China for the say from Europe, is that China for the say from Europe, is that China for the longest time has been much more united longest time has been much more united longest time has been much more united and there are natural boundaries that and there are natural boundaries that and there are natural boundaries that protect China. Okay. So the sea, the protect China. Okay. So the sea, the protect China. Okay. So the sea, the mountains, the desert to the north. mountains, the desert to the north. mountains, the desert to the north. Okay. So China has these natural Okay. So China has these natural Okay. So China has these natural boundaries that Europe doesn't have. Um boundaries that Europe doesn't have. Um boundaries that Europe doesn't have. Um so from the perspective of Chinese so from the perspective of Chinese so from the perspective of Chinese bureaucrats, they're not afraid of e bureaucrats, they're not afraid of e bureaucrats, they're not afraid of e external enemies. Okay? Because like external enemies. Okay? Because like external enemies. Okay? Because like Japan, Korea, they're not really threats Japan, Korea, they're not really threats Japan, Korea, they're not really threats to China at this time. They're more to China at this time. They're more to China at this time. They're more afraid of internal afraid of internal afraid of internal revolution. Okay? So that's that's where revolution. Okay? So that's that's where revolution. Okay? So that's that's where the focus is is on like how do we the focus is is on like how do we the focus is is on like how do we maintain internal coherence? And the maintain internal coherence? And the maintain internal coherence? And the best way to do that is by co-opting the best way to do that is by co-opting the best way to do that is by co-opting the local elite, by bribing the local local elite, by bribing the local local elite, by bribing the local elite. Okay? And the best way to bribe elite. Okay? And the best way to bribe elite. Okay? And the best way to bribe the local elite is the local elite is the local elite is by helping them stamp out local by helping them stamp out local by helping them stamp out local discontent. Ensuring that the people discontent. Ensuring that the people discontent. Ensuring that the people that are most loyal to you are always in that are most loyal to you are always in that are most loyal to you are always in power in local power in local power in local areas. Okay, does that make sense? So um areas. Okay, does that make sense? So um areas. Okay, does that make sense? So um so the example is this. example is think so the example is this. example is think so the example is this. example is think back to uh the Japanese invasion of back to uh the Japanese invasion of back to uh the Japanese invasion of China. Okay, World War II. You look at China. Okay, World War II. You look at China. Okay, World War II. You look at the KMT, the Guingong, which is a the KMT, the Guingong, which is a the KMT, the Guingong, which is a dominant power in China. Japan is coming dominant power in China. Japan is coming dominant power in China. Japan is coming in conquering most of China, controlling in conquering most of China, controlling in conquering most of China, controlling the industrial heartland. And what is the industrial heartland. And what is the industrial heartland. And what is Jangir doing? Does he care about the Jangir doing? Does he care about the Jangir doing? Does he care about the Japanese? Not at all. He cares about the Japanese? Not at all. He cares about the Japanese? Not at all. He cares about the Communist Party. These peasants in these Communist Party. These peasants in these Communist Party. These peasants in these caves in north west China. Why? The caves in north west China. Why? The caves in north west China. Why? The Japanese are a much more are a much Japanese are a much more are a much Japanese are a much more are a much greater military threat, but they are greater military threat, but they are greater military threat, but they are not a threat to the social hierarchy. not a threat to the social hierarchy. not a threat to the social hierarchy. You can work with the Japanese, right? You can work with the Japanese, right? You can work with the Japanese, right? The Japanese are perfectly willing to The Japanese are perfectly willing to The Japanese are perfectly willing to work with you to control China. The work with you to control China. The work with you to control China. The communists represent an overturning of communists represent an overturning of communists represent an overturning of the social hierarchy. Therefore, they the social hierarchy. Therefore, they the social hierarchy. Therefore, they are much greater threat. are much greater threat. are much greater threat. Okay, does that make sense? But that's a Okay, does that make sense? But that's a Okay, does that make sense? But that's a logic um in China. Okay, maintain a logic um in China. Okay, maintain a logic um in China. Okay, maintain a social hierarchy. If foreigners want to social hierarchy. If foreigners want to social hierarchy. If foreigners want to come and conquer China, that's fine come and conquer China, that's fine come and conquer China, that's fine because we can work with them to because we can work with them to because we can work with them to maintain a social hierarchy. Okay, but maintain a social hierarchy. Okay, but maintain a social hierarchy. Okay, but uh these peasant rebels are the real uh these peasant rebels are the real uh these peasant rebels are the real problem. Okay, only value for social hierarchy but they only value for social hierarchy but they actually actually actually not which emperor is exactly who it is. not which emperor is exactly who it is. not which emperor is exactly who it is. Yeah. Okay. So that's a great question. Yeah. Okay. So that's a great question. Yeah. Okay. So that's a great question. Okay. Um why is it that Chinese Okay. Um why is it that Chinese Okay. Um why is it that Chinese dynasties don't last very long, right? dynasties don't last very long, right? dynasties don't last very long, right? Okay. Okay. Okay. So I I know this is hard to understand So I I know this is hard to understand So I I know this is hard to understand uh but what what Chinese civilization is uh but what what Chinese civilization is uh but what what Chinese civilization is it's it's a bureaucracy. it's it's a bureaucracy. it's it's a bureaucracy. Okay, Okay, Okay, bureaucracy because the bureaucracy bureaucracy because the bureaucracy bureaucracy because the bureaucracy represents a social hierarchy. Okay, represents a social hierarchy. Okay, represents a social hierarchy. Okay, confusionism. If the confusion culture confusionism. If the confusion culture confusionism. If the confusion culture lives on, China lives on. So what's lives on, China lives on. So what's lives on, China lives on. So what's important is to protect the confusion important is to protect the confusion important is to protect the confusion culture which puts scholar officials culture which puts scholar officials culture which puts scholar officials bureaucrats at the top of society. So bureaucrats at the top of society. So bureaucrats at the top of society. So you can have the Mongols, you can have you can have the Mongols, you can have you can have the Mongols, you can have the Japanese, you can have I don't know the Japanese, you can have I don't know the Japanese, you can have I don't know Julian Jang. Who cares? The emperor Julian Jang. Who cares? The emperor Julian Jang. Who cares? The emperor doesn't matter. You understand? The doesn't matter. You understand? The doesn't matter. You understand? The emperor doesn't really matter in the emperor doesn't really matter in the emperor doesn't really matter in the system. What matters is the system. What matters is the system. What matters is the bureaucracy. And that has been bureaucracy. And that has been bureaucracy. And that has been consistent for 2,000 years. Okay. Does consistent for 2,000 years. Okay. Does consistent for 2,000 years. Okay. Does that make sense? Okay. So, so the that make sense? Okay. So, so the that make sense? Okay. So, so the intention, the strategy is to maintain a intention, the strategy is to maintain a intention, the strategy is to maintain a bureaucracy even though you may need to bureaucracy even though you may need to bureaucracy even though you may need to put in a foreign put in a foreign put in a foreign leader. Okay? In fact, you're better off leader. Okay? In fact, you're better off leader. Okay? In fact, you're better off a foreign leader because a foreign a foreign leader because a foreign a foreign leader because a foreign leader is much more dependent on the leader is much more dependent on the leader is much more dependent on the bureaucracy than maybe a local leader. bureaucracy than maybe a local leader. bureaucracy than maybe a local leader. So actually don't care about who is the So actually don't care about who is the So actually don't care about who is the Yeah, it doesn't matter. The emperor is Yeah, it doesn't matter. The emperor is Yeah, it doesn't matter. The emperor is just a figurehead. The emperor has has just a figurehead. The emperor has has just a figurehead. The emperor has has no power, right? Because you think about no power, right? Because you think about no power, right? Because you think about it, the emperor is just one person. But it, the emperor is just one person. But it, the emperor is just one person. But the information that he gets is all from the information that he gets is all from the information that he gets is all from bureaucrats. And therefore, you can bureaucrats. And therefore, you can bureaucrats. And therefore, you can control and manipulate the emperor based control and manipulate the emperor based control and manipulate the emperor based on the information you provide on the information you provide on the information you provide him. Right? All right. So, it's a him. Right? All right. So, it's a him. Right? All right. So, it's a bureaucracy that has all the power and bureaucracy that has all the power and bureaucracy that has all the power and that's why China doesn't innovate that's why China doesn't innovate that's why China doesn't innovate because a bureaucracy is too powerful. because a bureaucracy is too powerful. because a bureaucracy is too powerful. Okay. Does does that make sense? Okay. Okay. Does does that make sense? Okay. Okay. Does does that make sense? Okay. Great. Questions? Great. Questions? Great. Questions? European countries like Yeah. Okay. So that's a great question. Yeah. Okay. So that's a great question. Okay, so the thing about the European Okay, so the thing about the European Okay, so the thing about the European nations is that even though they're nations is that even though they're nations is that even though they're divided, they um are basically one big divided, they um are basically one big divided, they um are basically one big family. Okay, like so for example, the family. Okay, like so for example, the family. Okay, like so for example, the Germans, the Russians, the English, they Germans, the Russians, the English, they Germans, the Russians, the English, they were just like one big family. They were were just like one big family. They were were just like one big family. They were cousins of each other, but they still cousins of each other, but they still cousins of each other, but they still went to war and they still killed went to war and they still killed went to war and they still killed millions of people. Okay. Um so how to millions of people. Okay. Um so how to millions of people. Okay. Um so how to explain this? And the answer is um we explain this? And the answer is um we explain this? And the answer is um we can use game theory. can use game theory. can use game theory. Okay, game theory. Native game theory is Okay, game theory. Native game theory is Okay, game theory. Native game theory is that you can be related to each other, that you can be related to each other, that you can be related to each other, but you're all participants in a game in but you're all participants in a game in but you're all participants in a game in which there going to be one winner, which there going to be one winner, which there going to be one winner, right? right? right? So um So um So um um you still have to think about your um you still have to think about your um you still have to think about your own survival and you can survive as long own survival and you can survive as long own survival and you can survive as long as you have the if as long as you have as you have the if as long as you have as you have the if as long as you have authority and legitimacy among your authority and legitimacy among your authority and legitimacy among your people, right? Because if if they think people, right? Because if if they think people, right? Because if if they think that you are representing a foreign that you are representing a foreign that you are representing a foreign interest, your soldiers won't be loyal interest, your soldiers won't be loyal interest, your soldiers won't be loyal to you. They'll they'll kill to you. They'll they'll kill to you. They'll they'll kill you. you. you. Okay? Does that make sense? Okay. And Okay? Does that make sense? Okay. And Okay? Does that make sense? Okay. And also like like look look there's a very also like like look look there's a very also like like look look there's a very common very simple common very simple common very simple uh example where it's very common that a uh example where it's very common that a uh example where it's very common that a king dies right and guess what what the king dies right and guess what what the king dies right and guess what what the two sons start a civil war right they're two sons start a civil war right they're two sons start a civil war right they're brothers but why are they fighting a brothers but why are they fighting a brothers but why are they fighting a civil war and the reason why is okay civil war and the reason why is okay civil war and the reason why is okay this really interesting is they this really interesting is they this really interesting is they represent different political represent different political represent different political factions who are all striving for hour factions who are all striving for hour factions who are all striving for hour and the suns are just figureheads for and the suns are just figureheads for and the suns are just figureheads for these political factions. Okay, does these political factions. Okay, does these political factions. Okay, does that make that make that make sense? sense? sense? Okay. Okay. So, civil wars are fought Okay. Okay. So, civil wars are fought Okay. Okay. So, civil wars are fought between different political factions and between different political factions and between different political factions and they will appoint maybe son A to be the they will appoint maybe son A to be the they will appoint maybe son A to be the head. head. head. Okay. And son A if he doesn't agree Okay. And son A if he doesn't agree Okay. And son A if he doesn't agree they'll find someone else. Okay. So they'll find someone else. Okay. So they'll find someone else. Okay. So Evan's trying to be the top dog. Evans, Evan's trying to be the top dog. Evans, Evan's trying to be the top dog. Evans, it's it's really okay. Yeah. So, so it's it's really okay. Yeah. So, so it's it's really okay. Yeah. So, so there's a theory, but the theory is there's a theory, but the theory is there's a theory, but the theory is called called called status. What we really want is status. What we really want is status. What we really want is status, right? And so, status, right? And so, status, right? And so, um, brothers hate each other the most um, brothers hate each other the most um, brothers hate each other the most because only one can have status. The because only one can have status. The because only one can have status. The other other other must obey. And that's why uh throughout must obey. And that's why uh throughout must obey. And that's why uh throughout history so much violence has been history so much violence has been history so much violence has been between princes, okay, who are striving between princes, okay, who are striving between princes, okay, who are striving for this top top position. So so so for this top top position. So so so for this top top position. So so so there are different theories. Okay, there are different theories. Okay, there are different theories. Okay, great. Any more questions? You mentioned great. Any more questions? You mentioned great. Any more questions? You mentioned that Europe schools were institutions were institutions that kind of Okay. Um, so let's go over the history Okay. Um, so let's go over the history of schooling. Okay. So the modern of schooling. Okay. So the modern of schooling. Okay. So the modern schooling model that we use today is schooling model that we use today is schooling model that we use today is from from from Prussia. Okay. Prussia. Okay. Prussia. Okay. Prussia. Okay. Prussia. Okay. Prussia. Okay. Schools. Okay. And Schools. Okay. And Schools. Okay. And so if you are a military, you need so if you are a military, you need so if you are a military, you need soldiers. And what you discover is if soldiers. And what you discover is if soldiers. And what you discover is if you want soldiers to be obedient, you you want soldiers to be obedient, you you want soldiers to be obedient, you need to train them from an early age. need to train them from an early age. need to train them from an early age. But not only that, but you need to But not only that, but you need to But not only that, but you need to separate them from their families at an separate them from their families at an separate them from their families at an early age. Okay? Does that make sense? early age. Okay? Does that make sense? early age. Okay? Does that make sense? Because if they are separated from their Because if they are separated from their Because if they are separated from their families, they feel more anxious, they families, they feel more anxious, they families, they feel more anxious, they feel more stressed, they're less love. feel more stressed, they're less love. feel more stressed, they're less love. Therefore, they're much willing to Therefore, they're much willing to Therefore, they're much willing to accept authority and they're much more accept authority and they're much more accept authority and they're much more willing to kill other people. Okay. So willing to kill other people. Okay. So willing to kill other people. Okay. So that's a basic theory of schooling. Um that's a basic theory of schooling. Um that's a basic theory of schooling. Um make them obedient from an early age and make them obedient from an early age and make them obedient from an early age and separate them from the families from an separate them from the families from an separate them from the families from an early age and then uh train them to be early age and then uh train them to be early age and then uh train them to be soldiers from an early age. Okay, that soldiers from an early age. Okay, that soldiers from an early age. Okay, that and this is a model that we adopt for and this is a model that we adopt for and this is a model that we adopt for today universal schooling and every today universal schooling and every today universal schooling and every country uses this system because not country uses this system because not country uses this system because not only is it good for the military, it's only is it good for the military, it's only is it good for the military, it's also good for industry, right? also good for industry, right? also good for industry, right? Companies also want this system where Companies also want this system where Companies also want this system where you go in and you work hard because you go in and you work hard because you go in and you work hard because you're anxious. You want to make money. you're anxious. You want to make money. you're anxious. You want to make money. You want to prove yourself, right? You want to prove yourself, right? You want to prove yourself, right? Whereas if you feel loved by your Whereas if you feel loved by your Whereas if you feel loved by your family, you don't care. You're like, you family, you don't care. You're like, you family, you don't care. You're like, you know, like I don't like this boss. I'm know, like I don't like this boss. I'm know, like I don't like this boss. I'm I'm going to go home and be with my I'm going to go home and be with my I'm going to go home and be with my mother. Okay? So, um that's why every mother. Okay? So, um that's why every mother. Okay? So, um that's why every nation adopted the system because it's nation adopted the system because it's nation adopted the system because it's it's it was another for the military, it's it was another for the military, it's it was another for the military, but it really helps with the industry. but it really helps with the industry. but it really helps with the industry. Okay. So, the question then is why did Okay. So, the question then is why did Okay. So, the question then is why did China adopt this? Well, because of China adopt this? Well, because of China adopt this? Well, because of industry, right? industry, right? industry, right? Because China needs factory workers and Because China needs factory workers and Because China needs factory workers and the system gives you the best factory workers. Okay, does that make sense? workers. Okay, does that make sense? Great. Any more questions? Okay, so great questions, questions? Okay, so great questions, guys. Um I really enjoy when when you guys. Um I really enjoy when when you guys. Um I really enjoy when when you ask questions and and like they're ask questions and and like they're ask questions and and like they're really perceptive. Okay, and I think really perceptive. Okay, and I think really perceptive. Okay, and I think that by asking them you learn a lot as that by asking them you learn a lot as that by asking them you learn a lot as well. So um next class we do the well. So um next class we do the well. So um next class we do the enlightenment. Okay. And this will pave enlightenment. Okay. And this will pave enlightenment. Okay. And this will pave the way for the American and the French the way for the American and the French the way for the American and the French revolutions. Um, there's no class next revolutions. Um, there's no class next revolutions. Um, there's no class next week because of midterms, but I'll see week because of midterms, but I'll see week because of midterms, but I'll see you after after the midterms. Okay. you after after the midterms. Okay. you after after the midterms. Okay. Okay.