Um so today we start a three-part series Um so today we start a three-part series on the French Revolution which I believe on the French Revolution which I believe on the French Revolution which I believe to be the most significant event in to be the most significant event in to be the most significant event in human history. Okay. So let me very human history. Okay. So let me very human history. Okay. So let me very quickly explain its significance. So um quickly explain its significance. So um quickly explain its significance. So um as I keep on mentioning in this class, as I keep on mentioning in this class, as I keep on mentioning in this class, it is the rel religious worldview that it is the rel religious worldview that it is the rel religious worldview that underpins society and civilization. It underpins society and civilization. It underpins society and civilization. It is what allows society to function. And is what allows society to function. And is what allows society to function. And um to oversimplify, there have been four um to oversimplify, there have been four um to oversimplify, there have been four major religious worldviews in human major religious worldviews in human major religious worldviews in human history. Okay, so let's go over them history. Okay, so let's go over them history. Okay, so let's go over them briefly. The first is what we call the briefly. The first is what we call the briefly. The first is what we call the animistic and this is basically during animistic and this is basically during animistic and this is basically during the ice age when we were hunter the ice age when we were hunter the ice age when we were hunter gatherers and we were just roaming the gatherers and we were just roaming the gatherers and we were just roaming the earth. Okay. Right. And there are three earth. Okay. Right. And there are three earth. Okay. Right. And there are three major key words that underly this major key words that underly this major key words that underly this worldview. Uh worldview. Uh worldview. Uh balance, balance, balance, harmony, and oneness. We do not believe that we were oneness. We do not believe that we were different from the plants, the animals different from the plants, the animals different from the plants, the animals uh that lived on this planet. We were uh that lived on this planet. We were uh that lived on this planet. We were one with them. We were interconnected one with them. We were interconnected one with them. We were interconnected with them. We didn't fear death because with them. We didn't fear death because with them. We didn't fear death because life and death were part of the same life and death were part of the same life and death were part of the same continuous cycle. Okay. So this is the continuous cycle. Okay. So this is the continuous cycle. Okay. So this is the idea of the animistic idea of the animistic idea of the animistic um worldview. From then we moved on to um worldview. From then we moved on to um worldview. From then we moved on to the the the polytheistic polytheistic many polytheistic polytheistic many polytheistic polytheistic many gods and the three main ideas that gods and the three main ideas that gods and the three main ideas that underpin the polytheistic worldview are underpin the polytheistic worldview are underpin the polytheistic worldview are action, No one, not even the gods, can escape No one, not even the gods, can escape their their their fate. Our fate has been fate. Our fate has been fate. Our fate has been pre-ordained. What courage is is the pre-ordained. What courage is is the pre-ordained. What courage is is the willingness to willingness to willingness to embrace with with honor and with dignity embrace with with honor and with dignity embrace with with honor and with dignity your fate. So think of Hector as he is your fate. So think of Hector as he is your fate. So think of Hector as he is about to battle Achilles. He knows he is about to battle Achilles. He knows he is about to battle Achilles. He knows he is going to get killed and he's afraid. He going to get killed and he's afraid. He going to get killed and he's afraid. He shakes, but he still confronts his fate shakes, but he still confronts his fate shakes, but he still confronts his fate and he dies. And that's what's expected and he dies. And that's what's expected and he dies. And that's what's expected of you in the Viking world, in the Greek of you in the Viking world, in the Greek of you in the Viking world, in the Greek world, in the Roman world. To face your world, in the Roman world. To face your world, in the Roman world. To face your death with honor and dignity, to live death with honor and dignity, to live death with honor and dignity, to live your life with courage, action, but in a your life with courage, action, but in a your life with courage, action, but in a ritualized manner. Okay? In a way that ritualized manner. Okay? In a way that ritualized manner. Okay? In a way that the community expects of you and to the community expects of you and to the community expects of you and to embrace your faith no matter what it is. embrace your faith no matter what it is. embrace your faith no matter what it is. Okay? That's is a polytheistic Okay? That's is a polytheistic Okay? That's is a polytheistic worldview. Then this uh leads us to the worldview. Then this uh leads us to the worldview. Then this uh leads us to the monotheistic monotheistic monotheistic worldview. The monotheistic. Okay. So worldview. The monotheistic. Okay. So worldview. The monotheistic. Okay. So the monotheistic are the Jews, the the monotheistic are the Jews, the the monotheistic are the Jews, the Christians and the Muslims. The three Christians and the Muslims. The three Christians and the Muslims. The three major ideas that underpin the major ideas that underpin the major ideas that underpin the monotheistic worldview monotheistic worldview monotheistic worldview are are are faith, orthodoxy, and orthodoxy, and truth. There is an eternal truth called truth. There is an eternal truth called truth. There is an eternal truth called God. We must have faith in him. And God. We must have faith in him. And God. We must have faith in him. And faith and truth are expressed through faith and truth are expressed through faith and truth are expressed through orthodoxy. There is a set of beliefs orthodoxy. There is a set of beliefs orthodoxy. There is a set of beliefs that you cannot question that you must that you cannot question that you must that you cannot question that you must believe and you must uh live your life believe and you must uh live your life believe and you must uh live your life according to this orthodoxy. Okay. So according to this orthodoxy. Okay. So according to this orthodoxy. Okay. So these are these are three major ideas these are these are three major ideas these are these are three major ideas underlying monotheistic. underlying monotheistic. underlying monotheistic. Now we move to the modern period. Okay. Now we move to the modern period. Okay. Now we move to the modern period. Okay. Another word that we can use for modern Another word that we can use for modern Another word that we can use for modern is uh dism. is uh dism. is uh dism. Okay, dism you may not have heard of Okay, dism you may not have heard of Okay, dism you may not have heard of this but the idea of dism is that there this but the idea of dism is that there this but the idea of dism is that there is a god. God created the is a god. God created the is a god. God created the universe but then he left us. He doesn't universe but then he left us. He doesn't universe but then he left us. He doesn't care about what happens anymore because care about what happens anymore because care about what happens anymore because the world he created was perfect. And it the world he created was perfect. And it the world he created was perfect. And it is up to us to is up to us to is up to us to understand the perfect laws of the understand the perfect laws of the understand the perfect laws of the universe and then perfect our lives universe and then perfect our lives universe and then perfect our lives according to these laws. Okay. So let's according to these laws. Okay. So let's according to these laws. Okay. So let's say you have thism. This is important say you have thism. This is important say you have thism. This is important because dism is the founding religion of because dism is the founding religion of because dism is the founding religion of both the American as well as the French both the American as well as the French both the American as well as the French revolutions. All right. And there are revolutions. All right. And there are revolutions. All right. And there are three major beliefs that underpin dism. three major beliefs that underpin dism. three major beliefs that underpin dism. The first is The first is The first is reason. Okay. So rather than faith, we reason. Okay. So rather than faith, we reason. Okay. So rather than faith, we have to use our reason because that's have to use our reason because that's have to use our reason because that's the gift that God gave us before he the gift that God gave us before he the gift that God gave us before he left. We are able to using logic, using left. We are able to using logic, using left. We are able to using logic, using intuition, using skepticism to intuition, using skepticism to intuition, using skepticism to understand how the world works. Okay? understand how the world works. Okay? understand how the world works. Okay? Reason. All right? But reason by itself Reason. All right? But reason by itself Reason. All right? But reason by itself is not enough. You have to engage in is not enough. You have to engage in is not enough. You have to engage in debate in order to fully use our reason. debate in order to fully use our reason. debate in order to fully use our reason. You may not able to reason out for You may not able to reason out for You may not able to reason out for yourself the truth, but when but in a yourself the truth, but when but in a yourself the truth, but when but in a debate, you're able to hear out the debate, you're able to hear out the debate, you're able to hear out the truth. Okay? And if we do this, if we truth. Okay? And if we do this, if we truth. Okay? And if we do this, if we continue to exercise our reason, if we continue to exercise our reason, if we continue to exercise our reason, if we continue to engage in debate, what is continue to engage in debate, what is continue to engage in debate, what is often called um the marketplace of often called um the marketplace of often called um the marketplace of ideas, this will lead to the idea of ideas, this will lead to the idea of ideas, this will lead to the idea of progress. progress. progress. Okay. So what's happened is that the Okay. So what's happened is that the Okay. So what's happened is that the modern period is responding to the modern period is responding to the modern period is responding to the Christian period Christian period Christian period um by replacing faith with reason um by replacing faith with reason um by replacing faith with reason orthodoxy with debate and truth with orthodoxy with debate and truth with orthodoxy with debate and truth with progress. Okay. And these three ideas progress. Okay. And these three ideas progress. Okay. And these three ideas reason, debate and progress are the reason, debate and progress are the reason, debate and progress are the foundations of the period we live in foundations of the period we live in foundations of the period we live in today called the modern period. It is it today called the modern period. It is it today called the modern period. It is it is about these three ideas are the is about these three ideas are the is about these three ideas are the foundations of our school foundations of our school foundations of our school system for our universities for our for system for our universities for our for system for our universities for our for scientific um institutions. Okay, does scientific um institutions. Okay, does scientific um institutions. Okay, does that make sense? All right. Now, having that make sense? All right. Now, having that make sense? All right. Now, having gone through these four different gone through these four different gone through these four different periods, I want to do some analysis. periods, I want to do some analysis. periods, I want to do some analysis. Okay. The first analysis is to explain Okay. The first analysis is to explain Okay. The first analysis is to explain to you how these changes manifest to you how these changes manifest to you how these changes manifest manifested themselves. So the animistic manifested themselves. So the animistic manifested themselves. So the animistic period is the most natural. It's what period is the most natural. It's what period is the most natural. It's what the mo it's what makes the most sense. the mo it's what makes the most sense. the mo it's what makes the most sense. Quite honestly, if animals had a Quite honestly, if animals had a Quite honestly, if animals had a religion, it would probably be an religion, it would probably be an religion, it would probably be an animistic religion. Okay. So how do we animistic religion. Okay. So how do we animistic religion. Okay. So how do we transition from the animistic to transition from the animistic to transition from the animistic to apotheistic? Well, the main reason is apotheistic? Well, the main reason is apotheistic? Well, the main reason is because of civilization. Okay? Because because of civilization. Okay? Because because of civilization. Okay? Because of mass society of mass society of mass society civilization because we chose to settle civilization because we chose to settle civilization because we chose to settle down and learn agriculture and develop down and learn agriculture and develop down and learn agriculture and develop religious religious religious systems. All right? And with that comes systems. All right? And with that comes systems. All right? And with that comes war, comes hierarchy, comes war, comes hierarchy, comes war, comes hierarchy, comes inequality. And as such, we develop the inequality. And as such, we develop the inequality. And as such, we develop the polyic worldview. All right? From the polyic worldview. All right? From the polyic worldview. All right? From the polytheistic worldview, we then polytheistic worldview, we then polytheistic worldview, we then transition into the monotheistic transition into the monotheistic transition into the monotheistic worldview. Why? Because of Christianity. worldview. Why? Because of Christianity. worldview. Why? Because of Christianity. All right. Christianity. All right. Christianity. All right. Christianity. remember um you're usually taught that remember um you're usually taught that remember um you're usually taught that Christianity is oh um Jesus dies and Christianity is oh um Jesus dies and Christianity is oh um Jesus dies and then everyone becomes a Christian. then everyone becomes a Christian. then everyone becomes a Christian. That's not what happened. Okay? As you That's not what happened. Okay? As you That's not what happened. Okay? As you learn in this class, Christianity was a learn in this class, Christianity was a learn in this class, Christianity was a mechanism developed by the Roman Empire mechanism developed by the Roman Empire mechanism developed by the Roman Empire in order to in order to in order to assimilate the Jews and then later on to assimilate the Jews and then later on to assimilate the Jews and then later on to assimilate um barbarians who were assimilate um barbarians who were assimilate um barbarians who were economic migrants into the Roman Empire. economic migrants into the Roman Empire. economic migrants into the Roman Empire. Basically, it was a tool of control for Basically, it was a tool of control for Basically, it was a tool of control for the Roman Empire. Okay. But then you the Roman Empire. Okay. But then you the Roman Empire. Okay. But then you have this mass transition from have this mass transition from have this mass transition from monotheism the Christian period into monotheism the Christian period into monotheism the Christian period into modernism. All right. And this turning modernism. All right. And this turning modernism. All right. And this turning point which is the most radical turning point which is the most radical turning point which is the most radical turning point in human history is what we call point in human history is what we call point in human history is what we call the French Revolution. Without the French Revolution. Without the French Revolution, modernity could Revolution, modernity could Revolution, modernity could not happen. All right. And um what's not happen. All right. And um what's not happen. All right. And um what's amazing about the French Revolution is amazing about the French Revolution is amazing about the French Revolution is it is entirely unprecedented. We've it is entirely unprecedented. We've it is entirely unprecedented. We've never had we've never had anything like never had we've never had anything like never had we've never had anything like this before. It was entirely this before. It was entirely this before. It was entirely unpredictable and it was unique in human unpredictable and it was unique in human unpredictable and it was unique in human history. All right. So we will spend the history. All right. So we will spend the history. All right. So we will spend the next three classes to understand how the next three classes to understand how the next three classes to understand how the French revolution happened because French revolution happened because French revolution happened because without understanding the French without understanding the French without understanding the French revolution you cannot understand future revolution you cannot understand future revolution you cannot understand future events especially communism the rise of events especially communism the rise of events especially communism the rise of communism world war II none of these communism world war II none of these communism world war II none of these things would have been possible without things would have been possible without things would have been possible without the French the French the French revolution revolution revolution okay all right so um another thing okay all right so um another thing okay all right so um another thing that's really important for us to that's really important for us to that's really important for us to understand is that all four worldviews understand is that all four worldviews understand is that all four worldviews still exist today. All right, there are still exist today. All right, there are still exist today. All right, there are still people who believe in animism, still people who believe in animism, still people who believe in animism, polytheism, okay? But they're the polytheism, okay? But they're the polytheism, okay? But they're the minority. The dominant people are still minority. The dominant people are still minority. The dominant people are still the montheists, okay? And they're in the montheists, okay? And they're in the montheists, okay? And they're in competition with the modernists, okay? competition with the modernists, okay? competition with the modernists, okay? Who um who are who are the educated Who um who are who are the educated Who um who are who are the educated elite, okay? Um so this cloth is still elite, okay? Um so this cloth is still elite, okay? Um so this cloth is still going on today. The other thing that's going on today. The other thing that's going on today. The other thing that's really important for us to understand really important for us to understand really important for us to understand is none of these beliefs is inherently is none of these beliefs is inherently is none of these beliefs is inherently superior to the other. Okay, you can superior to the other. Okay, you can superior to the other. Okay, you can make the argument, you cannot make the make the argument, you cannot make the make the argument, you cannot make the argument to me at least that one is argument to me at least that one is argument to me at least that one is better than the other. But new systems believe they are But new systems believe they are superior to the other. Okay, to the superior to the other. Okay, to the superior to the other. Okay, to the previous. So the polytheists believe previous. So the polytheists believe previous. So the polytheists believe they are superior to the they are superior to the they are superior to the animist. The monotheists think they are animist. The monotheists think they are animist. The monotheists think they are superior to the polytheists and the and superior to the polytheists and the and superior to the polytheists and the and the Distas think they're superior to the the Distas think they're superior to the the Distas think they're superior to the montheist. Okay. And because of this montheist. Okay. And because of this montheist. Okay. And because of this sense of superiority um um they try to crush previous world views. they try to crush previous world views. they try to crush previous world views. Okay. So these four worldviews are not Okay. So these four worldviews are not Okay. So these four worldviews are not in competition with each other but the in competition with each other but the in competition with each other but the new ones seek to displace the old ones new ones seek to displace the old ones new ones seek to displace the old ones and this what's and this has led to a and this what's and this has led to a and this what's and this has led to a lot of conflict throughout um human lot of conflict throughout um human lot of conflict throughout um human history. All right. So this is the history. All right. So this is the history. All right. So this is the overall framework we're working with. I overall framework we're working with. I overall framework we're working with. I know it's a bit simple but for the know it's a bit simple but for the know it's a bit simple but for the purpose of this class it's it's it's purpose of this class it's it's it's purpose of this class it's it's it's good enough. Okay. All right. So now good enough. Okay. All right. So now good enough. Okay. All right. So now what I'm going to do is explain the what I'm going to do is explain the what I'm going to do is explain the framework for the next three classes. framework for the next three classes. framework for the next three classes. Okay. My argument to you is the French Okay. My argument to you is the French Okay. My argument to you is the French Revolution was ultimately a religious crusade. That is the main crusade. That is the main thesis of this of the next three thesis of this of the next three thesis of this of the next three classes. In each class, we will classes. In each class, we will classes. In each class, we will introduce different elements of this introduce different elements of this introduce different elements of this crusade that made it possible. For a crusade that made it possible. For a crusade that made it possible. For a crusade to happen, you need three crusade to happen, you need three crusade to happen, you need three different types of geniuses. You need different types of geniuses. You need different types of geniuses. You need the poet to envision the future. Okay, the poet to envision the future. Okay, the poet to envision the future. Okay, the poet. But then you need the prophet the poet. But then you need the prophet the poet. But then you need the prophet who has the courage to take the people who has the courage to take the people who has the courage to take the people into this new land. And then you need into this new land. And then you need into this new land. And then you need the prince or the conqueror. who has the the prince or the conqueror. who has the the prince or the conqueror. who has the conviction and the determination to conviction and the determination to conviction and the determination to physically conquer this new land and physically conquer this new land and physically conquer this new land and expand the revolution. expand the revolution. expand the revolution. Okay. So the Okay. So the Okay. So the poet is Rouso Jean Jacqu Rouso poet is Rouso Jean Jacqu Rouso poet is Rouso Jean Jacqu Rouso um he wrote the social contract. We will um he wrote the social contract. We will um he wrote the social contract. We will be focusing on him mainly today. Okay. be focusing on him mainly today. Okay. be focusing on him mainly today. Okay. He's the one who introduces the idea He's the one who introduces the idea He's the one who introduces the idea that is possible to build a new world that is possible to build a new world that is possible to build a new world based entirely on reason based entirely on reason based entirely on reason itself. All right, that's Rouso. Then itself. All right, that's Rouso. Then itself. All right, that's Rouso. Then you have the prophet. The prophet is the you have the prophet. The prophet is the you have the prophet. The prophet is the one who has the courage to lead the one who has the courage to lead the one who has the courage to lead the people into the new land even though it people into the new land even though it people into the new land even though it may cost him his life. And this person, may cost him his life. And this person, may cost him his life. And this person, his name is Maxmleon Ropes Pierre. his name is Maxmleon Ropes Pierre. his name is Maxmleon Ropes Pierre. Okay. Maxim Rose Pier is in my Okay. Maxim Rose Pier is in my Okay. Maxim Rose Pier is in my opinion one of the most opinion one of the most opinion one of the most misunderstood and misunderstood and misunderstood and underrated individuals in human history. underrated individuals in human history. underrated individuals in human history. Um Um Um um next class we'll focus on ropes pier. um next class we'll focus on ropes pier. um next class we'll focus on ropes pier. Without ropes pier the French revolution Without ropes pier the French revolution Without ropes pier the French revolution could not have succeeded. And then now could not have succeeded. And then now could not have succeeded. And then now you need a you need a you need a prince who will take the ideas of the prince who will take the ideas of the prince who will take the ideas of the prophet and he will militarily expand prophet and he will militarily expand prophet and he will militarily expand into the world and conquer a new world into the world and conquer a new world into the world and conquer a new world and build a new world. And this person's and build a new world. And this person's and build a new world. And this person's name of course is Napoleon name of course is Napoleon name of course is Napoleon Bonapart. Bonapart. Bonapart. Napoleon and this is the last class. All Napoleon and this is the last class. All Napoleon and this is the last class. All right. And my argument to you today is right. And my argument to you today is right. And my argument to you today is that without the that without the that without the active cooperation of all three, if active cooperation of all three, if active cooperation of all three, if they're not able to build on each they're not able to build on each they're not able to build on each other's work, the French Revolution other's work, the French Revolution other's work, the French Revolution would not have succeeded. Because if you would not have succeeded. Because if you would not have succeeded. Because if you just look at the French Revolution, the just look at the French Revolution, the just look at the French Revolution, the odds were so against the odds were so against the odds were so against the revolutionaries, right? They were not revolutionaries, right? They were not revolutionaries, right? They were not only against the aristocracy and their only against the aristocracy and their only against the aristocracy and their own people, they were up against the own people, they were up against the own people, they were up against the entire world. entire world. entire world. Britain, Prussia, Russia, Austria, Britain, Prussia, Russia, Austria, Britain, Prussia, Russia, Austria, everyone wanted wanted to destroy the everyone wanted wanted to destroy the everyone wanted wanted to destroy the revolution before it threatened their um revolution before it threatened their um revolution before it threatened their um their nations. So the odds were their nations. So the odds were their nations. So the odds were completely against the French Revolution completely against the French Revolution completely against the French Revolution but they succeeded and it was only but they succeeded and it was only but they succeeded and it was only because of the cooperation of these because of the cooperation of these because of the cooperation of these three particular types of geniuses. three particular types of geniuses. three particular types of geniuses. Rouso the poet, Robes Pierre the prophet Rouso the poet, Robes Pierre the prophet Rouso the poet, Robes Pierre the prophet and Napoleon the prince. Okay. So that's and Napoleon the prince. Okay. So that's and Napoleon the prince. Okay. So that's where we will be doing these next three where we will be doing these next three where we will be doing these next three classes. All right. So classes. All right. So classes. All right. So um let's talk about the ideas that um let's talk about the ideas that um let's talk about the ideas that underpin the French Revolution, the underpin the French Revolution, the underpin the French Revolution, the Enlightenment. Okay. How do we get into Enlightenment. Okay. How do we get into Enlightenment. Okay. How do we get into the modern period where the ideas are the modern period where the ideas are the modern period where the ideas are now reason, debate, and progress? Okay. now reason, debate, and progress? Okay. now reason, debate, and progress? Okay. So let's go back to So let's go back to So let's go back to Dante. Dante's Divine Comedy is a Dante. Dante's Divine Comedy is a Dante. Dante's Divine Comedy is a prophecy. It is a prophecy. It is a prophecy. It is a new um understanding of the world. Okay. new um understanding of the world. Okay. new um understanding of the world. Okay. So what what the divine comedy does is So what what the divine comedy does is So what what the divine comedy does is what it helps people do is take all what it helps people do is take all what it helps people do is take all these new structural forces that are these new structural forces that are these new structural forces that are being unleashed onto the world and being unleashed onto the world and being unleashed onto the world and understand it in a new way that understand it in a new way that understand it in a new way that unleashes three major movements. Okay. unleashes three major movements. Okay. unleashes three major movements. Okay. These are of course the reformation and the and the sic reformation and the and the sic revolution. revolution. revolution. Okay. Now as these things are happening, Okay. Now as these things are happening, Okay. Now as these things are happening, what else is happening is the gunpowder what else is happening is the gunpowder what else is happening is the gunpowder revolution. The gunpowder revolution. The gunpowder revolution. The gunpowder revolution. And these things combine in revolution. And these things combine in revolution. And these things combine in order to create massive structural order to create massive structural order to create massive structural changes within European society. Okay, changes within European society. Okay, changes within European society. Okay, so we discussed this but there are three so we discussed this but there are three so we discussed this but there are three major changes that are happening major changes that are happening major changes that are happening throughout this period. The first is the throughout this period. The first is the throughout this period. The first is the transition from feudalism to a nation. Okay, the idea of feudalism to a nation. Okay, the idea of a nation. Okay, at first it's an a nation. Okay, at first it's an a nation. Okay, at first it's an absolute monarchy but then after absolute monarchy but then after absolute monarchy but then after revolution it transitions into a nation revolution it transitions into a nation revolution it transitions into a nation state. Okay, from decentralization state. Okay, from decentralization state. Okay, from decentralization interentralization basically that's the interentralization basically that's the interentralization basically that's the first major change. Second major change first major change. Second major change first major change. Second major change is from rural to urban is from rural to urban is from rural to urban basically from agriculture into basically from agriculture into basically from agriculture into industry. Okay. And the third major industry. Okay. And the third major industry. Okay. And the third major change is from religion into science. All right. And this is what science. All right. And this is what what's happening in Europe um because of what's happening in Europe um because of what's happening in Europe um because of the gunpowder revolution. Now what's the gunpowder revolution. Now what's the gunpowder revolution. Now what's important about this is with these important about this is with these important about this is with these structural changes comes massive structural changes comes massive structural changes comes massive demographic, political and economic demographic, political and economic demographic, political and economic changes. Essentially what's what's changes. Essentially what's what's changes. Essentially what's what's happening is that new groups of people happening is that new groups of people happening is that new groups of people are being created and these groups of are being created and these groups of are being created and these groups of people are who we call who we people are who we call who we people are who we call who we collectively call the middle class. collectively call the middle class. collectively call the middle class. Okay. So let's look at the middle class. Okay. So let's look at the middle class. Okay. So let's look at the middle class. All right. So previously in Europe there All right. So previously in Europe there All right. So previously in Europe there are just roughly speaking two major are just roughly speaking two major are just roughly speaking two major groups. Okay, there's the nobility and groups. Okay, there's the nobility and groups. Okay, there's the nobility and the clergy. the clergy. the clergy. Okay, there's almost no difference Okay, there's almost no difference Okay, there's almost no difference between the two because they intermar. between the two because they intermar. between the two because they intermar. They come from the same families. Okay, They come from the same families. Okay, They come from the same families. Okay, but they they're the leaning elite of but they they're the leaning elite of but they they're the leaning elite of society. Okay, you have the tall people, society. Okay, you have the tall people, society. Okay, you have the tall people, the nobility, the clergy, and then at the nobility, the clergy, and then at the nobility, the clergy, and then at the other end are the peasants and the other end are the peasants and the other end are the peasants and slaves. And of but of course I mean like this is And of but of course I mean like this is not that simple. I mean you you always not that simple. I mean you you always not that simple. I mean you you always have a middle class. You always have um have a middle class. You always have um have a middle class. You always have um trades people. You always have people trades people. You always have people trades people. You always have people working um in towns but they're a working um in towns but they're a working um in towns but they're a minority. And what happen what's minority. And what happen what's minority. And what happen what's happening now because of all all these happening now because of all all these happening now because of all all these changes in society is they now become an changes in society is they now become an changes in society is they now become an increasingly powerful increasingly powerful increasingly powerful uh group of people. They're the ones who uh group of people. They're the ones who uh group of people. They're the ones who are driving economic change. Okay. Now, are driving economic change. Okay. Now, are driving economic change. Okay. Now, the middle class is extremely the middle class is extremely the middle class is extremely complicated set of people. But roughly complicated set of people. But roughly complicated set of people. But roughly speaking, we can divide them into three speaking, we can divide them into three speaking, we can divide them into three major categories. Okay. Three major major categories. Okay. Three major major categories. Okay. Three major categories. The first is what we call categories. The first is what we call categories. The first is what we call the the the bouroi. The bouro. Okay. Uh the bouroi bouroi. The bouro. Okay. Uh the bouroi bouroi. The bouro. Okay. Uh the bouroi is um a French term that we use and it is um a French term that we use and it is um a French term that we use and it comes actually from the German which is comes actually from the German which is comes actually from the German which is burger. Burger means the leading burger. Burger means the leading burger. Burger means the leading citizens of a town, the citizens of a town, the citizens of a town, the burgers. And the leading citizens of a burgers. And the leading citizens of a burgers. And the leading citizens of a town usually are the factory town usually are the factory town usually are the factory owners, the merchants, the people who owners, the merchants, the people who owners, the merchants, the people who trade, the bankers, the people who have trade, the bankers, the people who have trade, the bankers, the people who have control the money, the control the money, the control the money, the lawyers. Okay. So these are the bouroi. lawyers. Okay. So these are the bouroi. lawyers. Okay. So these are the bouroi. These are the elite. Okay. And this is a These are the elite. Okay. And this is a These are the elite. Okay. And this is a um new group of people that work very um new group of people that work very um new group of people that work very closely with the nobility but they have closely with the nobility but they have closely with the nobility but they have some differences. Okay. And the thing to some differences. Okay. And the thing to some differences. Okay. And the thing to remember about these people is they tend remember about these people is they tend remember about these people is they tend to be conservative because in terms of to be conservative because in terms of to be conservative because in terms of status they already have um all all the status they already have um all all the status they already have um all all the status that they want. Okay. And over status that they want. Okay. And over status that they want. Okay. And over time what will happen is time what will happen is time what will happen is that the king and nobility will that the king and nobility will that the king and nobility will increasingly depend on the boujo for increasingly depend on the boujo for increasingly depend on the boujo for financing. Okay? So they pay for wars, financing. Okay? So they pay for wars, financing. Okay? So they pay for wars, they pay for new new industry, they pay they pay for new new industry, they pay they pay for new new industry, they pay for roads. Okay? So the bourgeoz are the for roads. Okay? So the bourgeoz are the for roads. Okay? So the bourgeoz are the ones who are most heavily taxed but ones who are most heavily taxed but ones who are most heavily taxed but they're usually conservative. They're they're usually conservative. They're they're usually conservative. They're really happy with the way things are. at really happy with the way things are. at really happy with the way things are. at the other end the other end the other end um sorry next to the boujo are what call um sorry next to the boujo are what call um sorry next to the boujo are what call the petite the petite the petite boujo all right and these people are not rich but right and these people are not rich but um they're solidly in the middle class um they're solidly in the middle class um they're solidly in the middle class they're comfortable where they are okay they're comfortable where they are okay they're comfortable where they are okay these people are school teachers uh these people are school teachers uh these people are school teachers uh maybe they're restaurant owners maybe maybe they're restaurant owners maybe maybe they're restaurant owners maybe they're notaries okay so the thing about they're notaries okay so the thing about they're notaries okay so the thing about these people is that they tend to be these people is that they tend to be these people is that they tend to be aspirational. They're not happy with aspirational. They're not happy with aspirational. They're not happy with their lives. They want more and as such their lives. They want more and as such their lives. They want more and as such they are opportunistic. Okay. Usually the people opportunistic. Okay. Usually the people who are most likely to lead the who are most likely to lead the who are most likely to lead the revolution come from members of the revolution come from members of the revolution come from members of the petite bio. Okay. So me most of the uh petite bio. Okay. So me most of the uh petite bio. Okay. So me most of the uh leaders of the French revolution the leaders of the French revolution the leaders of the French revolution the most radical members um were provincial most radical members um were provincial most radical members um were provincial lawyers. Okay, lawyers who worked in lawyers. Okay, lawyers who worked in lawyers. Okay, lawyers who worked in small cities. They're not part of the small cities. They're not part of the small cities. They're not part of the elite, the bourja. Okay, but they're elite, the bourja. Okay, but they're elite, the bourja. Okay, but they're pretty comfortable where they are. Okay, pretty comfortable where they are. Okay, pretty comfortable where they are. Okay, they're the provincial elite. If you they're the provincial elite. If you they're the provincial elite. If you look at the communist revolution, right, look at the communist revolution, right, look at the communist revolution, right, Maong, he was a patit bourgeozi, right? Maong, he was a patit bourgeozi, right? Maong, he was a patit bourgeozi, right? He was a provincial elite, not a Beijing He was a provincial elite, not a Beijing He was a provincial elite, not a Beijing elite. All right. And the last group is elite. All right. And the last group is elite. All right. And the last group is what will what will be referred to in what will what will be referred to in what will what will be referred to in the future. Okay, not now as the the future. Okay, not now as the the future. Okay, not now as the proletariat. Polletariat. The proletariat are Polletariat. The proletariat are basically basically basically artisans, crafts people, people who work artisans, crafts people, people who work artisans, crafts people, people who work in cities and in the urban centers and in cities and in the urban centers and in cities and in the urban centers and they have a specialized craft that makes they have a specialized craft that makes they have a specialized craft that makes them valuable. Okay, they're not them valuable. Okay, they're not them valuable. Okay, they're not peasants, they're not poor, but the peasants, they're not poor, but the peasants, they're not poor, but the problem is they are very problem is they are very problem is they are very precarious. Okay, precarious. precarious. Okay, precarious. precarious. Okay, precarious. What this means is that as the sonic What this means is that as the sonic What this means is that as the sonic revolution revolution revolution um pro progresses new technology will um pro progresses new technology will um pro progresses new technology will start to replace the start to replace the start to replace the artisans. artisans. artisans. Okay. Um like a sewing Okay. Um like a sewing Okay. Um like a sewing machine and as such they lose their machine and as such they lose their machine and as such they lose their livelihoods. So their job their lives livelihoods. So their job their lives livelihoods. So their job their lives are very precurious. Therefore they're are very precurious. Therefore they're are very precurious. Therefore they're most likely they most likely tend most likely they most likely tend most likely they most likely tend towards violence. So these are the foot towards violence. So these are the foot towards violence. So these are the foot soldiers. soldiers. soldiers. of revolutions. Okay, the petite bourz of revolutions. Okay, the petite bourz of revolutions. Okay, the petite bourz are often the thought leaders are often the thought leaders are often the thought leaders um but the politer are the ones who um but the politer are the ones who um but the politer are the ones who provide the muscle. Okay. So if you look provide the muscle. Okay. So if you look provide the muscle. Okay. So if you look at most revolutions this is how it at most revolutions this is how it at most revolutions this is how it works. What's really important for us to works. What's really important for us to works. What's really important for us to understand is that first of all these understand is that first of all these understand is that first of all these categories are not strict. categories are not strict. categories are not strict. Okay, there are lots of interchange Okay, there are lots of interchange Okay, there are lots of interchange between the proletariat and the and the between the proletariat and the and the between the proletariat and the and the peasantry. There's lot lots of peasantry. There's lot lots of peasantry. There's lot lots of interchange between the bori and the interchange between the bori and the interchange between the bori and the nobility. Okay, these categories are not nobility. Okay, these categories are not nobility. Okay, these categories are not static. The other thing is static. The other thing is static. The other thing is that the loyalties of each group will that the loyalties of each group will that the loyalties of each group will change according to the change according to the change according to the circumstance. Okay. So the petite bor is circumstance. Okay. So the petite bor is circumstance. Okay. So the petite bor is not definite that they will rebel not definite that they will rebel not definite that they will rebel against the boro. It depends on their against the boro. It depends on their against the boro. It depends on their economic interest and it is not definite economic interest and it is not definite economic interest and it is not definite that the peasants will work with the py that the peasants will work with the py that the peasants will work with the py porch against the nobility. In fact porch against the nobility. In fact porch against the nobility. In fact during the French revolution this is during the French revolution this is during the French revolution this is really important. The nobility and the really important. The nobility and the really important. The nobility and the peasants were working together to peasants were working together to peasants were working together to suppress revolution. Why? because the suppress revolution. Why? because the suppress revolution. Why? because the French revolution wanted to destroy the French revolution wanted to destroy the French revolution wanted to destroy the Catholic religion and the peasants love Catholic religion and the peasants love Catholic religion and the peasants love their religion. Okay, the peasants want their religion. Okay, the peasants want their religion. Okay, the peasants want wanted to be Catholic and they want to wanted to be Catholic and they want to wanted to be Catholic and they want to protect their priests. So there was a protect their priests. So there was a protect their priests. So there was a massive civil war going on in France massive civil war going on in France massive civil war going on in France between the peasants and the between the peasants and the between the peasants and the proletariat. And that that would be proletariat. And that that would be proletariat. And that that would be counterintuitive to you think it's like counterintuitive to you think it's like counterintuitive to you think it's like why would poor people be fighting why would poor people be fighting why would poor people be fighting against poor people? Well, it's because against poor people? Well, it's because against poor people? Well, it's because they have different religious interests. they have different religious interests. they have different religious interests. Okay, does that make sense? All right. Okay, does that make sense? All right. Okay, does that make sense? All right. So this is a framework that I want you So this is a framework that I want you So this is a framework that I want you guys to remember. There are different guys to remember. There are different guys to remember. There are different groups. This is an groups. This is an groups. This is an oversimplification. Um and their oversimplification. Um and their oversimplification. Um and their loyalties will change. So during the loyalties will change. So during the loyalties will change. So during the revolution the the loyalties will change revolution the the loyalties will change revolution the the loyalties will change and it will mark different stages in the and it will mark different stages in the and it will mark different stages in the French revolution. And you can use this French revolution. And you can use this French revolution. And you can use this framework to also understand future framework to also understand future framework to also understand future revolutions especially the communist revolutions especially the communist revolutions especially the communist revolution. Okay. Um and it's also revolution. Okay. Um and it's also revolution. Okay. Um and it's also important for us to remember that most important for us to remember that most important for us to remember that most revolutions will fail. Okay. All revolutions will fail. Okay. All revolutions will fail. Okay. All right. So right. So right. So um this is this is the middle class. Now um this is this is the middle class. Now um this is this is the middle class. Now thing thing about the middle class the thing thing about the middle class the thing thing about the middle class the thing with with the thing about uh new thing with with the thing about uh new thing with with the thing about uh new groups is groups is groups is that what they have to do is they have that what they have to do is they have that what they have to do is they have to establish group to establish group to establish group solidarity. Okay. And then the way you solidarity. Okay. And then the way you solidarity. Okay. And then the way you do that is by establishing group do that is by establishing group do that is by establishing group identity. identity. identity. So how is it that the middle class is So how is it that the middle class is So how is it that the middle class is different from everyone different from everyone different from everyone else? Okay. And as we discussed what the else? Okay. And as we discussed what the else? Okay. And as we discussed what the middle class will middle class will middle class will do is they will slowly adopt the do is they will slowly adopt the do is they will slowly adopt the enlightenment principles of enlightenment principles of enlightenment principles of reason, reason, reason, debate and progress. Okay, that's how they how that's how the Okay, that's how they how that's how the middle class or most members of the middle class or most members of the middle class or most members of the aspirational middle class will try to aspirational middle class will try to aspirational middle class will try to differentiate themselves from everyone differentiate themselves from everyone differentiate themselves from everyone else by embracing the enlightenment and else by embracing the enlightenment and else by embracing the enlightenment and that's why we have the that's why we have the that's why we have the enlightenment. Okay. So, uh over time these things these things uh over time these things these things will become much more concrete. Okay. will become much more concrete. Okay. will become much more concrete. Okay. So, what makes the middle class So, what makes the middle class So, what makes the middle class identity? The first is the idea of identity? The first is the idea of identity? The first is the idea of education. Second is the idea of education. Second is the idea of education. Second is the idea of achievement. And the third is the idea achievement. And the third is the idea achievement. And the third is the idea of morality. All right? So what is the morality. All right? So what is the middle class? The middle class are those middle class? The middle class are those middle class? The middle class are those who embrace these three ideas. who embrace these three ideas. who embrace these three ideas. Education, achievement, and morality. Education, achievement, and morality. Education, achievement, and morality. Right? If you're in the middle class, Right? If you're in the middle class, Right? If you're in the middle class, you will be much more educated than you will be much more educated than you will be much more educated than nobility and the peasantry. You will nobility and the peasantry. You will nobility and the peasantry. You will read books. You will read newspapers. read books. You will read newspapers. read books. You will read newspapers. That's why we have newspapers. Okay? That's why we have newspapers. Okay? That's why we have newspapers. Okay? Because middle class wants Because middle class wants Because middle class wants information. Uh achievement the information. Uh achievement the information. Uh achievement the achievement ethos achievement ethos achievement ethos is I will always strive to be better. I is I will always strive to be better. I is I will always strive to be better. I I want my children to be better than me. I want my children to be better than me. I want my children to be better than me. Okay? If you're peasant, you don't Okay? If you're peasant, you don't Okay? If you're peasant, you don't believe your children will live will believe your children will live will believe your children will live will live a better life. If you're nobility, live a better life. If you're nobility, live a better life. If you're nobility, you don't really care if your children you don't really care if your children you don't really care if your children live a better life. But for the middle live a better life. But for the middle live a better life. But for the middle class, it's very important that their class, it's very important that their class, it's very important that their children live better lives. Okay? Okay, children live better lives. Okay? Okay, children live better lives. Okay? Okay, so the idea of the achievement ethos to so the idea of the achievement ethos to so the idea of the achievement ethos to work hard. Okay, so you guys should work hard. Okay, so you guys should work hard. Okay, so you guys should understand this because you're all understand this because you're all understand this because you're all members of the middle class in China, members of the middle class in China, members of the middle class in China, right? The last is the idea of morality. right? The last is the idea of morality. right? The last is the idea of morality. Okay, and this is really important. Um Okay, and this is really important. Um Okay, and this is really important. Um morality is morality is morality is uh especially when it comes to sexual uh especially when it comes to sexual uh especially when it comes to sexual morality. All right, sexual morality. So morality. All right, sexual morality. So morality. All right, sexual morality. So the idea is that the idea is that the idea is that um if you're a poor person, the thing um if you're a poor person, the thing um if you're a poor person, the thing about being poor is you have no control about being poor is you have no control about being poor is you have no control over your body. So during this time of over your body. So during this time of over your body. So during this time of industrialization, what's happening is a industrialization, what's happening is a industrialization, what's happening is a lot of peasants are moving into the lot of peasants are moving into the lot of peasants are moving into the cities. And what are women doing? Well, cities. And what are women doing? Well, cities. And what are women doing? Well, they're becoming prostitutes. There are they're becoming prostitutes. There are they're becoming prostitutes. There are tons and tons of prostitutes in these tons and tons of prostitutes in these tons and tons of prostitutes in these cities at this time in Europe. Okay? You cities at this time in Europe. Okay? You cities at this time in Europe. Okay? You we just walk we just walk on the street we just walk we just walk on the street we just walk we just walk on the street and guess what? There are prostitutes and guess what? There are prostitutes and guess what? There are prostitutes everywhere. So as a poor person, you everywhere. So as a poor person, you everywhere. So as a poor person, you have absolutely no control over your have absolutely no control over your have absolutely no control over your body. So what the middle class the way body. So what the middle class the way body. So what the middle class the way that they differentiate themselves is by that they differentiate themselves is by that they differentiate themselves is by saying that we have enough resources to saying that we have enough resources to saying that we have enough resources to protect our bodies and if you're part of protect our bodies and if you're part of protect our bodies and if you're part of the middle class then you're expected to the middle class then you're expected to the middle class then you're expected to adhere to a very strict adhere to a very strict adhere to a very strict um morality. Okay, does that make sense? um morality. Okay, does that make sense? um morality. Okay, does that make sense? That's that's where we get the idea of That's that's where we get the idea of That's that's where we get the idea of morality from from the development of morality from from the development of morality from from the development of the middle class. As a middle class you the middle class. As a middle class you the middle class. As a middle class you have sexual um you are much more have sexual um you are much more have sexual um you are much more sexually appealer but also you have a sexually appealer but also you have a sexually appealer but also you have a new idea called new idea called new idea called childhood. If you are a poor person your childhood. If you are a poor person your childhood. If you are a poor person your child age six starts to work. Okay at child age six starts to work. Okay at child age six starts to work. Okay at age 10 he or she may be working in a age 10 he or she may be working in a age 10 he or she may be working in a factory and by 12 may be dead. What the factory and by 12 may be dead. What the factory and by 12 may be dead. What the middle class can do is give his or her middle class can do is give his or her middle class can do is give his or her her her her child a childhood. Okay, the modern child a childhood. Okay, the modern child a childhood. Okay, the modern concept of childhood comes from this concept of childhood comes from this concept of childhood comes from this period and we'll be looking at period and we'll be looking at period and we'll be looking at this, right? Okay, so that's the idea this, right? Okay, so that's the idea this, right? Okay, so that's the idea here. The Enlightenment basically was a here. The Enlightenment basically was a here. The Enlightenment basically was a movement in which a new group of people, movement in which a new group of people, movement in which a new group of people, the middle class, they've always the middle class, they've always the middle class, they've always existed, but now they they exist in existed, but now they they exist in existed, but now they they exist in quantity and they have more resources quantity and they have more resources quantity and they have more resources than they used to have before, than they used to have before, than they used to have before, especially literacy, access to especially literacy, access to especially literacy, access to information. They have more wealth. They information. They have more wealth. They information. They have more wealth. They have more technology. They are the have more technology. They are the have more technology. They are the future leaders of the world. And as future leaders of the world. And as future leaders of the world. And as such, they want to embrace a new such, they want to embrace a new such, they want to embrace a new identity. And that's why we have the identity. And that's why we have the identity. And that's why we have the enlightenment. Okay, the enlightenment enlightenment. Okay, the enlightenment enlightenment. Okay, the enlightenment was basically a period when they tried was basically a period when they tried was basically a period when they tried to bring the ideas of science into to bring the ideas of science into to bring the ideas of science into society in order to create a new middle society in order to create a new middle society in order to create a new middle class identity and it still exists class identity and it still exists class identity and it still exists today. Okay. All right. So that is the today. Okay. All right. So that is the today. Okay. All right. So that is the basic framework for today. Now we will basic framework for today. Now we will basic framework for today. Now we will look at specific writers and thinkers of look at specific writers and thinkers of look at specific writers and thinkers of the enlightenment. Okay. Any questions the enlightenment. Okay. Any questions the enlightenment. Okay. Any questions so far? Okay, great. All right. so far? Okay, great. All right. so far? Okay, great. All right. So let's start looking at some major So let's start looking at some major So let's start looking at some major thinkers of the Okay. All right. So um today's class is Okay. All right. So um today's class is on the European Enlightenment. Now on the European Enlightenment. Now on the European Enlightenment. Now what's really important for us to what's really important for us to what's really important for us to remember is that there are major remember is that there are major remember is that there are major ideological differences between the ideological differences between the ideological differences between the British enlightenment and the European British enlightenment and the European British enlightenment and the European enlightenment. Okay, European just means enlightenment. Okay, European just means enlightenment. Okay, European just means um France, Germany, Netherlands that um France, Germany, Netherlands that um France, Germany, Netherlands that that okay basically continental Europe that okay basically continental Europe that okay basically continental Europe the ideas that develop in Europe will be the ideas that develop in Europe will be the ideas that develop in Europe will be different from the ideas that develop in different from the ideas that develop in different from the ideas that develop in Britain after French revolution we'll Britain after French revolution we'll Britain after French revolution we'll look at Britain specifically but now I look at Britain specifically but now I look at Britain specifically but now I just want to focus on the European just want to focus on the European just want to focus on the European enlightenment. Okay. So please remember enlightenment. Okay. So please remember enlightenment. Okay. So please remember that the British Enlightenment and the that the British Enlightenment and the that the British Enlightenment and the European Enlightenment have contrasting European Enlightenment have contrasting European Enlightenment have contrasting ideas even though most historians cons ideas even though most historians cons ideas even though most historians cons consider them part of the same consider them part of the same consider them part of the same historical historical historical movement. All right. So what is movement. All right. So what is movement. All right. So what is enlightenment? It is a movement to enlightenment? It is a movement to enlightenment? It is a movement to systemize and interize Dante to create a systemize and interize Dante to create a systemize and interize Dante to create a new European middle class identity. So new European middle class identity. So new European middle class identity. So all these ideas are coming from Dante. all these ideas are coming from Dante. all these ideas are coming from Dante. But there is a major difference that we But there is a major difference that we But there is a major difference that we must remember. Remember the must remember. Remember the must remember. Remember the enlightenment for the enlightenment enlightenment for the enlightenment enlightenment for the enlightenment thinkers what God left us is the thinkers what God left us is the thinkers what God left us is the capacity to reason. Through reason we capacity to reason. Through reason we capacity to reason. Through reason we can access the mind of God. Okay. Reason can access the mind of God. Okay. Reason can access the mind of God. Okay. Reason is the fundamental principle of the is the fundamental principle of the is the fundamental principle of the enlightenment. That's not what Dante enlightenment. That's not what Dante enlightenment. That's not what Dante said though. Okay. Dante said love is said though. Okay. Dante said love is said though. Okay. Dante said love is what God gave us. Love is the light in what God gave us. Love is the light in what God gave us. Love is the light in us. Now you think well what's really us. Now you think well what's really us. Now you think well what's really what's the difference between love and what's the difference between love and what's the difference between love and reason? Okay, what I will do over the reason? Okay, what I will do over the reason? Okay, what I will do over the course of the semester is show you is course of the semester is show you is course of the semester is show you is show you that there's actually a huge show you that there's actually a huge show you that there's actually a huge huge difference between love and reason. huge difference between love and reason. huge difference between love and reason. Specifically, reason is independent. You Specifically, reason is independent. You Specifically, reason is independent. You can by yourself reason out things. But can by yourself reason out things. But can by yourself reason out things. But love requires you to connect with love requires you to connect with love requires you to connect with someone else. Either your child, your someone else. Either your child, your someone else. Either your child, your wife, your mother, who who knows, okay? wife, your mother, who who knows, okay? wife, your mother, who who knows, okay? But you must connect with someone else. But you must connect with someone else. But you must connect with someone else. And because of because of that idea And because of because of that idea And because of because of that idea interconnectedness, it puts a a interconnectedness, it puts a a interconnectedness, it puts a a restraint on your reason. But if you're restraint on your reason. But if you're restraint on your reason. But if you're capable of reasoning by yourself, you capable of reasoning by yourself, you capable of reasoning by yourself, you can reason anything including can reason anything including can reason anything including concentration camps, nuclear bombs, concentration camps, nuclear bombs, concentration camps, nuclear bombs, uh genocide. Okay? So there's a huge uh genocide. Okay? So there's a huge uh genocide. Okay? So there's a huge difference between love and reason. Um, difference between love and reason. Um, difference between love and reason. Um, and it's really important that the and it's really important that the and it's really important that the Enlightenment Enlightenment Enlightenment thinkers see reason as a thinkers see reason as a thinkers see reason as a central organizing principle of human central organizing principle of human central organizing principle of human society and not love. Okay? So I I I society and not love. Okay? So I I I society and not love. Okay? So I I I just want you guys to keep keep that in just want you guys to keep keep that in just want you guys to keep keep that in mind as we move on. The Enlightenment um mind as we move on. The Enlightenment um mind as we move on. The Enlightenment um happened mainly in salons. These are happened mainly in salons. These are happened mainly in salons. These are places organized by places organized by places organized by wealthy bour women. And these salons wealthy bour women. And these salons wealthy bour women. And these salons were not political. They were mainly were not political. They were mainly were not political. They were mainly designed to learn manners, speech, designed to learn manners, speech, designed to learn manners, speech, refinement, right? Because they're refinement, right? Because they're refinement, right? Because they're trying to differentiate themselves from trying to differentiate themselves from trying to differentiate themselves from the nobility, the clergy, and the the nobility, the clergy, and the the nobility, the clergy, and the peasantry. And one one way that that peasantry. And one one way that that peasantry. And one one way that that they want to do this is through their um they want to do this is through their um they want to do this is through their um education, through their knowledge, education, through their knowledge, education, through their knowledge, expertise. Okay. expertise. Okay. expertise. Okay. salons. Um, in Britain they mainly salons. Um, in Britain they mainly salons. Um, in Britain they mainly spread ideas through coffee spread ideas through coffee spread ideas through coffee houses. All right, coffee houses. So the houses. All right, coffee houses. So the houses. All right, coffee houses. So the idea of meaning a coffee house comes idea of meaning a coffee house comes idea of meaning a coffee house comes from this period in from this period in from this period in Britain. Um, so these women uh like Britain. Um, so these women uh like Britain. Um, so these women uh like Madame Labard were the ones who are Madame Labard were the ones who are Madame Labard were the ones who are driving enlightenment um ideas. Okay. driving enlightenment um ideas. Okay. driving enlightenment um ideas. Okay. And these salons were places for the And these salons were places for the And these salons were places for the leading intellectuals of the time to leading intellectuals of the time to leading intellectuals of the time to come and debate um come and debate um come and debate um ideas. All right. So these were the ideas. All right. So these were the ideas. All right. So these were the leading women of that time. All right. leading women of that time. All right. leading women of that time. All right. So um there were there are lots and lots So um there were there are lots and lots So um there were there are lots and lots of enlightenment of enlightenment of enlightenment thinkers because this is this is a time thinkers because this is this is a time thinkers because this is this is a time of literacy, right? People want to read. of literacy, right? People want to read. of literacy, right? People want to read. There's a marketplace of ideas. So money There's a marketplace of ideas. So money There's a marketplace of ideas. So money can be made from writing books. And can be made from writing books. And can be made from writing books. And that's why you have this explosion of that's why you have this explosion of that's why you have this explosion of ideas, the marketplace of ideas during ideas, the marketplace of ideas during ideas, the marketplace of ideas during this time. But now I want to just go this time. But now I want to just go this time. But now I want to just go through some of the major through some of the major through some of the major thinkers of the enlightenment. Okay. The thinkers of the enlightenment. Okay. The thinkers of the enlightenment. Okay. The first major thinker of the enlightenment first major thinker of the enlightenment first major thinker of the enlightenment is Rene Deart. And Reny is Rene Deart. And Reny is Rene Deart. And Reny Deart wanted he is a mathematician. He's Deart wanted he is a mathematician. He's Deart wanted he is a mathematician. He's a philosopher. Um he wanted to ask two a philosopher. Um he wanted to ask two a philosopher. Um he wanted to ask two questions. The first question is how do questions. The first question is how do questions. The first question is how do we know that God we know that God we know that God exists and how do we know the soul exists and how do we know the soul exists and how do we know the soul exists? Okay, these are the two exists? Okay, these are the two exists? Okay, these are the two questions that he is trying to grapple questions that he is trying to grapple questions that he is trying to grapple with in his philosophy and he wrote a with in his philosophy and he wrote a with in his philosophy and he wrote a book called meditations on first book called meditations on first book called meditations on first philosophy. This is a really important philosophy. This is a really important philosophy. This is a really important book in development of western book in development of western book in development of western civilization. Okay, we will be referring civilization. Okay, we will be referring civilization. Okay, we will be referring to this book um quite often for the rest to this book um quite often for the rest to this book um quite often for the rest of the semester. So I want you guys to of the semester. So I want you guys to of the semester. So I want you guys to remember this book, Meditations on First remember this book, Meditations on First remember this book, Meditations on First Philosophy. And so he's asking these Philosophy. And so he's asking these Philosophy. And so he's asking these questions and let's look at let's read a questions and let's look at let's read a questions and let's look at let's read a few paragraphs from his book to few paragraphs from his book to few paragraphs from his book to understand his thinking. Okay. It is understand his thinking. Okay. It is understand his thinking. Okay. It is some years now since I realized how many some years now since I realized how many some years now since I realized how many false opinions I had accepted as true false opinions I had accepted as true false opinions I had accepted as true from childhood onwards and that whatever from childhood onwards and that whatever from childhood onwards and that whatever I had since built on such shaky I had since built on such shaky I had since built on such shaky foundations could only be hotly foundations could only be hotly foundations could only be hotly doubtful. All right. So what he's doing doubtful. All right. So what he's doing doubtful. All right. So what he's doing here is is is saying okay I want to know here is is is saying okay I want to know here is is is saying okay I want to know if God exists but first I must ask if God exists but first I must ask if God exists but first I must ask myself what do I believe and how do I myself what do I believe and how do I myself what do I believe and how do I know if it's true or not I must look know if it's true or not I must look know if it's true or not I must look inside myself all right hence I saw that at some stage in right hence I saw that at some stage in my life the whole structure would have my life the whole structure would have my life the whole structure would have to be utterly demolished and that I to be utterly demolished and that I to be utterly demolished and that I would have to begin again from the would have to begin again from the would have to begin again from the bottom up if I wish to construct bottom up if I wish to construct bottom up if I wish to construct something lasting and unshakable in a something lasting and unshakable in a something lasting and unshakable in a sciences and And what he's saying here sciences and And what he's saying here sciences and And what he's saying here is that after I examine my own beliefs, is that after I examine my own beliefs, is that after I examine my own beliefs, I recognize that most my beliefs are not I recognize that most my beliefs are not I recognize that most my beliefs are not true. Okay, this is a radical departure true. Okay, this is a radical departure true. Okay, this is a radical departure from previous traditions where you know from previous traditions where you know from previous traditions where you know something is true because someone really something is true because someone really something is true because someone really smart said it. Okay, you refer to you smart said it. Okay, you refer to you smart said it. Okay, you refer to you you you defer to authority, right? you you defer to authority, right? you you defer to authority, right? That's a practice here we use in China That's a practice here we use in China That's a practice here we use in China where well Confucious said this so this where well Confucious said this so this where well Confucious said this so this must be true. And what Renear is saying must be true. And what Renear is saying must be true. And what Renear is saying is that no that's not true. Okay. I is that no that's not true. Okay. I is that no that's not true. Okay. I myself have the capacity to know if myself have the capacity to know if myself have the capacity to know if something is true and I have a something is true and I have a something is true and I have a responsibility to reflect and question responsibility to reflect and question responsibility to reflect and question everything I know and through that everything I know and through that everything I know and through that process of self-doubt, self-examination, process of self-doubt, self-examination, process of self-doubt, self-examination, I can construct something that is more I can construct something that is more I can construct something that is more truthful. Okay? And this is the idea of truthful. Okay? And this is the idea of truthful. Okay? And this is the idea of enlightenment. All right? And this is enlightenment. All right? And this is enlightenment. All right? And this is the idea of of education. You know, when the idea of of education. You know, when the idea of of education. You know, when when we try to teach you critical when we try to teach you critical when we try to teach you critical thinking skills, this is what we're thinking skills, this is what we're thinking skills, this is what we're trying to do. Okay? trying to get you to trying to do. Okay? trying to get you to trying to do. Okay? trying to get you to question things so that you may question things so that you may question things so that you may construct a more eternal truth. All construct a more eternal truth. All construct a more eternal truth. All right. But this seemed to be a massive right. But this seemed to be a massive right. But this seemed to be a massive task and so I postponed it until I had task and so I postponed it until I had task and so I postponed it until I had reached the age when one is as fit as reached the age when one is as fit as reached the age when one is as fit as one will ever be to master the various one will ever be to master the various one will ever be to master the various disciplines. So to get to this point, disciplines. So to get to this point, disciplines. So to get to this point, you also have to go through a long you also have to go through a long you also have to go through a long process of education. Okay? You just process of education. Okay? You just process of education. Okay? You just can't be like, "Okay, I'm going to do can't be like, "Okay, I'm going to do can't be like, "Okay, I'm going to do this right now." You have to first learn this right now." You have to first learn this right now." You have to first learn these beliefs and then you have to go these beliefs and then you have to go these beliefs and then you have to go back and then re-examine these beliefs. back and then re-examine these beliefs. back and then re-examine these beliefs. I've I've I've delayed so long that now I should be at delayed so long that now I should be at delayed so long that now I should be at fault if I use up in deliberating the fault if I use up in deliberating the fault if I use up in deliberating the time that is left for acting. The moment time that is left for acting. The moment time that is left for acting. The moment has come and so today I have discharged has come and so today I have discharged has come and so today I have discharged me my mind from all its cares and I've me my mind from all its cares and I've me my mind from all its cares and I've carved out a space of untroubled carved out a space of untroubled carved out a space of untroubled leisure. I'ved drawn into seclusion and leisure. I'ved drawn into seclusion and leisure. I'ved drawn into seclusion and shall at last be able to devote myself shall at last be able to devote myself shall at last be able to devote myself seriously without incumbrance to the seriously without incumbrance to the seriously without incumbrance to the task of destroying all my former task of destroying all my former task of destroying all my former opinions. Okay. What he's doing here is opinions. Okay. What he's doing here is opinions. Okay. What he's doing here is saying that for me to discover the saying that for me to discover the saying that for me to discover the truth, I just have to rely solely on my truth, I just have to rely solely on my truth, I just have to rely solely on my reason, not reason, not reason, not debate, not talking to debate, not talking to debate, not talking to others, not reading old books, but by others, not reading old books, but by others, not reading old books, but by self-examination. Okay? And so uh this self-examination. Okay? And so uh this self-examination. Okay? And so uh this is the beginning of the book. We will is the beginning of the book. We will is the beginning of the book. We will read other sections later on in in the read other sections later on in in the read other sections later on in in the semester. But this this is the semester. But this this is the semester. But this this is the introduction. Okay. So this project is a introduction. Okay. So this project is a introduction. Okay. So this project is a process of quantum process of quantum process of quantum self-examination. And through this self-examination. And through this self-examination. And through this self-examination, what did he discovers self-examination, what did he discovers self-examination, what did he discovers is everything is false. How do we know is everything is false. How do we know is everything is false. How do we know the sky is blue? How do we know the sky the sky is blue? How do we know the sky the sky is blue? How do we know the sky exists? We don't. How do I know that the exists? We don't. How do I know that the exists? We don't. How do I know that the words I'm speaking make any sense? I words I'm speaking make any sense? I words I'm speaking make any sense? I don't. It's a constant process of don't. It's a constant process of don't. It's a constant process of suffocation. suffocation. suffocation. Okay. But what then he recognizes what Okay. But what then he recognizes what Okay. But what then he recognizes what what then he recognizes is that the only what then he recognizes is that the only what then he recognizes is that the only way that I can actually engage in this way that I can actually engage in this way that I can actually engage in this process of self-examination is through process of self-examination is through process of self-examination is through doubt. Right? So what do I know to be doubt. Right? So what do I know to be doubt. Right? So what do I know to be true? Doubt is true. I doubt therefore I true? Doubt is true. I doubt therefore I true? Doubt is true. I doubt therefore I am. Right? You may you know the am. Right? You may you know the am. Right? You may you know the expression I think therefore I am. expression I think therefore I am. expression I think therefore I am. Right? It's actually I doubt therefore I Right? It's actually I doubt therefore I Right? It's actually I doubt therefore I am. The Latin is kajto am. The Latin is kajto am. The Latin is kajto arosum. arosum. arosum. Okay. The thing that I know to be Okay. The thing that I know to be Okay. The thing that I know to be absolutely true is my capacity to absolutely true is my capacity to absolutely true is my capacity to doubt and that is who I am. Therefore, I doubt and that is who I am. Therefore, I doubt and that is who I am. Therefore, I exist. And so the capacity to doubt is exist. And so the capacity to doubt is exist. And so the capacity to doubt is my soul. All right. Now, how do I know my soul. All right. Now, how do I know my soul. All right. Now, how do I know that God exists? Well, if God didn't that God exists? Well, if God didn't that God exists? Well, if God didn't exist, then I would have I would not exist, then I would have I would not exist, then I would have I would not have the capacity to doubt, right? have the capacity to doubt, right? have the capacity to doubt, right? Someone must have given me the clue of Someone must have given me the clue of Someone must have given me the clue of doubt and that must be God, whoever God doubt and that must be God, whoever God doubt and that must be God, whoever God is. But now, how do I know that God is is. But now, how do I know that God is is. But now, how do I know that God is good, right? Because God could be a good, right? Because God could be a good, right? Because God could be a trickster, God could be the devil, and trickster, God could be the devil, and trickster, God could be the devil, and God could be deceiving me and my God could be deceiving me and my God could be deceiving me and my capacity to doubt will only lead me into capacity to doubt will only lead me into capacity to doubt will only lead me into error. Okay, so that's that that's error. Okay, so that's that that's error. Okay, so that's that that's question he asked now. And then and then question he asked now. And then and then question he asked now. And then and then he says, well, because God is perfect. he says, well, because God is perfect. he says, well, because God is perfect. If you are perfect, you're incapable of If you are perfect, you're incapable of If you are perfect, you're incapable of fault. fault. fault. Therefore, I know God is good. Okay? And Therefore, I know God is good. Okay? And Therefore, I know God is good. Okay? And and obviously this makes logical sense. and obviously this makes logical sense. and obviously this makes logical sense. This this is not logical. It's it's what This this is not logical. It's it's what This this is not logical. It's it's what we call a tutology, right? God is we call a tutology, right? God is we call a tutology, right? God is perfect. Therefore, I know God is good. perfect. Therefore, I know God is good. perfect. Therefore, I know God is good. God is good. Therefore, he's perfect. God is good. Therefore, he's perfect. God is good. Therefore, he's perfect. Okay? It makes no sense. But um what's Okay? It makes no sense. But um what's Okay? It makes no sense. But um what's important is that Rene Deart is asking important is that Rene Deart is asking important is that Rene Deart is asking us to challenge our assumptions about us to challenge our assumptions about us to challenge our assumptions about the world to doubt to reason and he's the world to doubt to reason and he's the world to doubt to reason and he's saying that the idea of saying that the idea of saying that the idea of reason is the most powerful force in the reason is the most powerful force in the reason is the most powerful force in the world more powerful than the church more world more powerful than the church more world more powerful than the church more powerful than dogma more powerful than powerful than dogma more powerful than powerful than dogma more powerful than society itself. Okay. Our individual society itself. Okay. Our individual society itself. Okay. Our individual capacity to reason is what matters. It capacity to reason is what matters. It capacity to reason is what matters. It is what allows us to have access to God. is what allows us to have access to God. is what allows us to have access to God. Does that make sense? Right? So this is Does that make sense? Right? So this is Does that make sense? Right? So this is one of the major ideas underpinning the one of the major ideas underpinning the one of the major ideas underpinning the enlightenment. All right. Now let's move enlightenment. All right. Now let's move enlightenment. All right. Now let's move on to Gera. Johan V Wolf Gan von Gerta. on to Gera. Johan V Wolf Gan von Gerta. on to Gera. Johan V Wolf Gan von Gerta. Um he is considered the greatest German Um he is considered the greatest German Um he is considered the greatest German um writer of all time and he wrote a um writer of all time and he wrote a um writer of all time and he wrote a book called book called book called Faust. Okay. FA and we're we'll just Faust. Okay. FA and we're we'll just Faust. Okay. FA and we're we'll just read a few passages from FA but FA is read a few passages from FA but FA is read a few passages from FA but FA is also a very quintessential enlightenment also a very quintessential enlightenment also a very quintessential enlightenment work of art. Okay. And so um the book of work of art. Okay. And so um the book of work of art. Okay. And so um the book of FA it's based on another book called the FA it's based on another book called the FA it's based on another book called the book of Job which we find in the Bible. book of Job which we find in the Bible. book of Job which we find in the Bible. And in the book of Job um it's about And in the book of Job um it's about And in the book of Job um it's about this very pious individual who is very this very pious individual who is very this very pious individual who is very faithful to God. Okay. He's very faithful to God. Okay. He's very faithful to God. Okay. He's very wealthy. He has a lot of children. He's wealthy. He has a lot of children. He's wealthy. He has a lot of children. He's very happy and he's very devout. He he very happy and he's very devout. He he very happy and he's very devout. He he prays to God all the time. He makes prays to God all the time. He makes prays to God all the time. He makes sacri sacrifices to God all the time. He sacri sacrifices to God all the time. He sacri sacrifices to God all the time. He gives he's very he's very generous. He gives he's very he's very generous. He gives he's very he's very generous. He has a lot of has a lot of has a lot of friends. One day God is in heaven and he friends. One day God is in heaven and he friends. One day God is in heaven and he has a meeting with Satan. Okay, Satan in has a meeting with Satan. Okay, Satan in has a meeting with Satan. Okay, Satan in the Bible means adversary. So Satan is the Bible means adversary. So Satan is the Bible means adversary. So Satan is actually an archangel, an agent, an actually an archangel, an agent, an actually an archangel, an agent, an agent of of of God who roams the planet. agent of of of God who roams the planet. agent of of of God who roams the planet. And um God is very proud of Job. And he And um God is very proud of Job. And he And um God is very proud of Job. And he and he says to Satan, "Um, have you seen and he says to Satan, "Um, have you seen and he says to Satan, "Um, have you seen Job? Do you see how faithful he is to to Job? Do you see how faithful he is to to Job? Do you see how faithful he is to to me?" He's very proud. And Satan says, me?" He's very proud. And Satan says, me?" He's very proud. And Satan says, "Um, God, he's only faithful to you "Um, God, he's only faithful to you "Um, God, he's only faithful to you because he's rich." Okay? You take away because he's rich." Okay? You take away because he's rich." Okay? You take away his money, you take away his children, his money, you take away his children, his money, you take away his children, and he will curse you. And God says, and he will curse you. And God says, and he will curse you. And God says, "Fine, I make you the spat. You can do "Fine, I make you the spat. You can do "Fine, I make you the spat. You can do anything you you can do anything you anything you you can do anything you anything you you can do anything you want to him, but you must not kill him." want to him, but you must not kill him." want to him, but you must not kill him." him. Okay, that's the only condition. him. Okay, that's the only condition. him. Okay, that's the only condition. So, Satan um basically makes Job's life So, Satan um basically makes Job's life So, Satan um basically makes Job's life a living hell. All his children die in a living hell. All his children die in a living hell. All his children die in accidents. He loses all his money. He accidents. He loses all his money. He accidents. He loses all his money. He becomes infected with diseases. He's becomes infected with diseases. He's becomes infected with diseases. He's old. He's and and eventually he curses old. He's and and eventually he curses old. He's and and eventually he curses God. And he's like, why is God doing God. And he's like, why is God doing God. And he's like, why is God doing this to me? And then God appears before this to me? And then God appears before this to me? And then God appears before him and says, how dare you question me, him and says, how dare you question me, him and says, how dare you question me, God? I create the world. What have you God? I create the world. What have you God? I create the world. What have you done with your life? Okay. But done with your life? Okay. But done with your life? Okay. But basically, God calls him for a long, basically, God calls him for a long, basically, God calls him for a long, long time and curses Job and says, "You long time and curses Job and says, "You long time and curses Job and says, "You as a human being have absolutely no as a human being have absolutely no as a human being have absolutely no right to ever doubt, to ever question right to ever doubt, to ever question right to ever doubt, to ever question me. I can do whatever I want. I'm God. me. I can do whatever I want. I'm God. me. I can do whatever I want. I'm God. I'm a I'm a I'm a mystery. Do not ever think you can mystery. Do not ever think you can mystery. Do not ever think you can understand me. Do not ever believe. You understand me. Do not ever believe. You understand me. Do not ever believe. You can question me." Okay? And then what can question me." Okay? And then what can question me." Okay? And then what God does is he restores Job's health and God does is he restores Job's health and God does is he restores Job's health and wealth. Okay? So it's a very strange wealth. Okay? So it's a very strange wealth. Okay? So it's a very strange story and it's one that is that is meant story and it's one that is that is meant story and it's one that is that is meant to inspire to inspire to inspire fear among people. And so what Gerta fear among people. And so what Gerta fear among people. And so what Gerta does that's really interesting is that does that's really interesting is that does that's really interesting is that he reimagines the story of Job and turns he reimagines the story of Job and turns he reimagines the story of Job and turns it into a much more confident optimistic it into a much more confident optimistic it into a much more confident optimistic story that captures a spirit of the story that captures a spirit of the story that captures a spirit of the enlightenment. Okay, does that make enlightenment. Okay, does that make enlightenment. Okay, does that make sense? So the story goes like this. sense? So the story goes like this. sense? So the story goes like this. False. He is a professor. He loves False. He is a professor. He loves False. He is a professor. He loves learning. He's very curious. But what he learning. He's very curious. But what he learning. He's very curious. But what he recognizes is that despite all his book recognizes is that despite all his book recognizes is that despite all his book learning, he doesn't really have access learning, he doesn't really have access learning, he doesn't really have access to the truth. He's not really learning to the truth. He's not really learning to the truth. He's not really learning new information, new knowledge. He new information, new knowledge. He new information, new knowledge. He doesn't feel as though he's accessing doesn't feel as though he's accessing doesn't feel as though he's accessing God. So he tries God. So he tries God. So he tries magic. Um one day the Satan and and magic. Um one day the Satan and and magic. Um one day the Satan and and Satan's name here in false he is named Satan's name here in false he is named Satan's name here in false he is named Mephesle. Okay, Mephes talks to God and Mephesle. Okay, Mephes talks to God and Mephesle. Okay, Mephes talks to God and and Meph Mephes says to God, "You know and Meph Mephes says to God, "You know and Meph Mephes says to God, "You know what? The worst thing you ever did was what? The worst thing you ever did was what? The worst thing you ever did was allow humans the capacity to reason allow humans the capacity to reason allow humans the capacity to reason because you're idiots. You're stupid. If because you're idiots. You're stupid. If because you're idiots. You're stupid. If you're stupid and you can reason, all it you're stupid and you can reason, all it you're stupid and you can reason, all it does is confuse you and make you does is confuse you and make you does is confuse you and make you unhappy. And then God is like, "Well, unhappy. And then God is like, "Well, unhappy. And then God is like, "Well, have you met False?" False is my have you met False?" False is my have you met False?" False is my favorite person in the whole world favorite person in the whole world favorite person in the whole world because he's curious. He loves learning. because he's curious. He loves learning. because he's curious. He loves learning. Eventually, through the process of Eventually, through the process of Eventually, through the process of self-exploration, he will discover the self-exploration, he will discover the self-exploration, he will discover the truth. He will get there. I I have faith truth. He will get there. I I have faith truth. He will get there. I I have faith in in in false. And Messi says, "Fine, I'll make false. And Messi says, "Fine, I'll make false. And Messi says, "Fine, I'll make you a bet. I bet you I can make him you a bet. I bet you I can make him you a bet. I bet you I can make him complacent. I bet you that I can make complacent. I bet you that I can make complacent. I bet you that I can make him not want to learn anymore to lose him not want to learn anymore to lose him not want to learn anymore to lose his curiosity. And if I win this bet, his curiosity. And if I win this bet, his curiosity. And if I win this bet, then false will become my servant." then false will become my servant." then false will become my servant." Okay? His soul will be will be mine. I Okay? His soul will be will be mine. I Okay? His soul will be will be mine. I will damn him to hell for eternity. will damn him to hell for eternity. will damn him to hell for eternity. Okay? And that's a bet. All right? So, Okay? And that's a bet. All right? So, Okay? And that's a bet. All right? So, let's look at some passages. This is let's look at some passages. This is let's look at some passages. This is mely saying to God, their lives will be mely saying to God, their lives will be mely saying to God, their lives will be a little easier if you not let them a little easier if you not let them a little easier if you not let them glimpse the light of heaven. They call glimpse the light of heaven. They call glimpse the light of heaven. They call it reason and employ it only to be more it reason and employ it only to be more it reason and employ it only to be more beastial than any beast. Okay? What's beastial than any beast. Okay? What's beastial than any beast. Okay? What's important to first remember is that here important to first remember is that here important to first remember is that here Gerta is invoking Dante, right? Remember Gerta is invoking Dante, right? Remember Gerta is invoking Dante, right? Remember Dante in the divine comedy says Dante in the divine comedy says Dante in the divine comedy says that love is the light of heaven. And that love is the light of heaven. And that love is the light of heaven. And here Gerta and the enlightenment here Gerta and the enlightenment here Gerta and the enlightenment thinkers are saying that no it's reason thinkers are saying that no it's reason thinkers are saying that no it's reason that is the light of heaven. In fact in that is the light of heaven. In fact in that is the light of heaven. In fact in many ways false is a rewriting of the many ways false is a rewriting of the many ways false is a rewriting of the divine comedy. Right? So Mephesus is divine comedy. Right? So Mephesus is divine comedy. Right? So Mephesus is saying to God reason is bad because it saying to God reason is bad because it saying to God reason is bad because it makes people who are stupid more confused. And then God says do you know confused. And then God says do you know false? And then says the doctor the Lord false? And then says the doctor the Lord false? And then says the doctor the Lord says and my servant. Okay. My favorite says and my servant. Okay. My favorite says and my servant. Okay. My favorite person in the whole person in the whole person in the whole world. Meles. Indeed, he serves you in a world. Meles. Indeed, he serves you in a world. Meles. Indeed, he serves you in a curious way. The fool is not content curious way. The fool is not content curious way. The fool is not content with earthly food or drink. Some ferment with earthly food or drink. Some ferment with earthly food or drink. Some ferment makes him want what is exotic, yet he's makes him want what is exotic, yet he's makes him want what is exotic, yet he's halfconscious of his father. Okay. False halfconscious of his father. Okay. False halfconscious of his father. Okay. False wants to understand the world. He's wants to understand the world. He's wants to understand the world. He's curious. He's driven by his curiosity curious. He's driven by his curiosity curious. He's driven by his curiosity and his and his and his imagination. And me makes fun of him imagination. And me makes fun of him imagination. And me makes fun of him because he'll never get there. Okay. From heaven he claims as his the From heaven he claims as his the brightest stars and from the earth all brightest stars and from the earth all brightest stars and from the earth all of its highest joys, but nothing near of its highest joys, but nothing near of its highest joys, but nothing near and nothing far away can satisfy a heart and nothing far away can satisfy a heart and nothing far away can satisfy a heart so deeply agitated. Okay, he's just too so deeply agitated. Okay, he's just too so deeply agitated. Okay, he's just too curious. He can't be curious. He can't be curious. He can't be satisfied. And the God says, "Though he satisfied. And the God says, "Though he satisfied. And the God says, "Though he though now he only serves me blindly though now he only serves me blindly though now he only serves me blindly ineply, I shall soon lead him into ineply, I shall soon lead him into ineply, I shall soon lead him into clarity. The gardener knows when the clarity. The gardener knows when the clarity. The gardener knows when the sapling turns green that blossoms and sapling turns green that blossoms and sapling turns green that blossoms and fruit will brighten future years." Okay. fruit will brighten future years." Okay. fruit will brighten future years." Okay. So God is saying if he continues to be So God is saying if he continues to be So God is saying if he continues to be curious eventually I God will lead him curious eventually I God will lead him curious eventually I God will lead him into the light. Okay. So it's important into the light. Okay. So it's important into the light. Okay. So it's important for us as humans is to be curious and for us as humans is to be curious and for us as humans is to be curious and that's how we show our faith in God. that's how we show our faith in God. that's how we show our faith in God. Right? Now so messes and false meet and Right? Now so messes and false meet and Right? Now so messes and false meet and messes says to false listen I know you messes says to false listen I know you messes says to false listen I know you want to know the truth about the world. want to know the truth about the world. want to know the truth about the world. I want I know you want to experience the I want I know you want to experience the I want I know you want to experience the whole world whole world but you can't do whole world whole world but you can't do whole world whole world but you can't do it by yourself. So I will help you, it by yourself. So I will help you, it by yourself. So I will help you, okay? I will grant you the knowledge of okay? I will grant you the knowledge of okay? I will grant you the knowledge of the world. But if at any point you the world. But if at any point you the world. But if at any point you become complacent, you stop become complacent, you stop become complacent, you stop striving, you're happy with the way striving, you're happy with the way striving, you're happy with the way things are, you're happy with the things are, you're happy with the things are, you're happy with the moment, then you will become my servant. moment, then you will become my servant. moment, then you will become my servant. Is that a deal? False. And Paul says, Is that a deal? False. And Paul says, Is that a deal? False. And Paul says, "Sure." Because false does not believe "Sure." Because false does not believe "Sure." Because false does not believe that he can ever lose his that he can ever lose his that he can ever lose his curiosity. Okay. So what happens is all curiosity. Okay. So what happens is all curiosity. Okay. So what happens is all these strange events where false uh these strange events where false uh these strange events where false uh falls in love with a lady named Gretchen falls in love with a lady named Gretchen falls in love with a lady named Gretchen and Gretchen falls in love with him and and Gretchen falls in love with him and and Gretchen falls in love with him and um they try to have sex but the mother um they try to have sex but the mother um they try to have sex but the mother gets in the way so Falls has Gretchen gets in the way so Falls has Gretchen gets in the way so Falls has Gretchen kill the mother. The brother finds out kill the mother. The brother finds out kill the mother. The brother finds out and tries to kill False. False kills the and tries to kill False. False kills the and tries to kill False. False kills the uh brother. Gretchen get gets pregnant uh brother. Gretchen get gets pregnant uh brother. Gretchen get gets pregnant and then has to kill the baby because and then has to kill the baby because and then has to kill the baby because false has disappeared and then Gretchen false has disappeared and then Gretchen false has disappeared and then Gretchen basically dies in prison. Okay, so it basically dies in prison. Okay, so it basically dies in prison. Okay, so it sounds terrible but what happens is that sounds terrible but what happens is that sounds terrible but what happens is that eventually Gretchen forgives False eventually Gretchen forgives False eventually Gretchen forgives False because Gretchen goes to heaven and then because Gretchen goes to heaven and then because Gretchen goes to heaven and then Gretch and then False has more Gretch and then False has more Gretch and then False has more adventures. He becomes um a servant to adventures. He becomes um a servant to adventures. He becomes um a servant to the king. He builds um um a lot of roads the king. He builds um um a lot of roads the king. He builds um um a lot of roads and a lot of cities. He marries Helen of and a lot of cities. He marries Helen of and a lot of cities. He marries Helen of Troy. He goes back in the past. Anyway, Troy. He goes back in the past. Anyway, Troy. He goes back in the past. Anyway, a lot of strange things happen. Okay. a lot of strange things happen. Okay. a lot of strange things happen. Okay. But what's happening is that he's But what's happening is that he's But what's happening is that he's experiencing life for all it for all its experiencing life for all it for all its experiencing life for all it for all its potential, for it all its possibilities. potential, for it all its possibilities. potential, for it all its possibilities. And and so as he gets older, he's about And and so as he gets older, he's about And and so as he gets older, he's about to die and me comes to collect his soul. to die and me comes to collect his soul. to die and me comes to collect his soul. Okay? And this is the last speech of Okay? And this is the last speech of Okay? And this is the last speech of false before he dies. A swamp lies there false before he dies. A swamp lies there false before he dies. A swamp lies there below the hill, infecting everything below the hill, infecting everything below the hill, infecting everything I've done. My last and greatest act of I've done. My last and greatest act of I've done. My last and greatest act of will succeeds when that foul pool is will succeeds when that foul pool is will succeeds when that foul pool is gone. Okay, so he is an architect and he gone. Okay, so he is an architect and he gone. Okay, so he is an architect and he is an urban planner working for the is an urban planner working for the is an urban planner working for the government. He's a civil servant government. He's a civil servant government. He's a civil servant basically and his job is to make the basically and his job is to make the basically and his job is to make the city much more livable for people. Okay, city much more livable for people. Okay, city much more livable for people. Okay, to help to help civilize the world and to help to help civilize the world and to help to help civilize the world and he's seeking pride in his he's seeking pride in his he's seeking pride in his work succeeds when that foul pool is work succeeds when that foul pool is work succeeds when that foul pool is gone. Okay, let me make room for many a gone. Okay, let me make room for many a gone. Okay, let me make room for many a million. Okay, let me in. Let me make million. Okay, let me in. Let me make million. Okay, let me in. Let me make space for more people. Not wholly space for more people. Not wholly space for more people. Not wholly secure, but free to work on. Green secure, but free to work on. Green secure, but free to work on. Green fertile fields where men and herds may fertile fields where men and herds may fertile fields where men and herds may gain swift comfort from the new made gain swift comfort from the new made gain swift comfort from the new made earth. Quickly settled in those hills. earth. Quickly settled in those hills. earth. Quickly settled in those hills. Embrace pound high by a brave industrial Embrace pound high by a brave industrial Embrace pound high by a brave industrial race. And in the center here, a paradise race. And in the center here, a paradise race. And in the center here, a paradise whose boundaries hold back the raging whose boundaries hold back the raging whose boundaries hold back the raging tide. And though it gnaws to enter in by tide. And though it gnaws to enter in by tide. And though it gnaws to enter in by force, the common urge unites to hold force, the common urge unites to hold force, the common urge unites to hold its course. Okay. So, he's taking pride its course. Okay. So, he's taking pride its course. Okay. So, he's taking pride in all that he's accomplished and that in all that he's accomplished and that in all that he's accomplished and that he will accomplish. Okay. He's taking he will accomplish. Okay. He's taking he will accomplish. Okay. He's taking pride in this moment when he's actively pride in this moment when he's actively pride in this moment when he's actively contributing to the betterment of contributing to the betterment of contributing to the betterment of civilization. But because he's taking civilization. But because he's taking civilization. But because he's taking pride in this moment, he's now lost a pride in this moment, he's now lost a pride in this moment, he's now lost a bet to me, right? He's now become bet to me, right? He's now become bet to me, right? He's now become complacent. He wants to live in the complacent. He wants to live in the complacent. He wants to live in the moment. You can't do that. Yes. I've surrendered to this that. Yes. I've surrendered to this thought insistence. The last word wisdom thought insistence. The last word wisdom thought insistence. The last word wisdom ever has to say. He only earns his ever has to say. He only earns his ever has to say. He only earns his freedom in existence who's forced to win freedom in existence who's forced to win freedom in existence who's forced to win them freshly every day. Childhood, them freshly every day. Childhood, them freshly every day. Childhood, manhood, age, vigorous years surrounded manhood, age, vigorous years surrounded manhood, age, vigorous years surrounded by dangers they'll spend here. I wish to by dangers they'll spend here. I wish to by dangers they'll spend here. I wish to gaze again on such a land free earth gaze again on such a land free earth gaze again on such a land free earth where a free race and freedom stand. where a free race and freedom stand. where a free race and freedom stand. Okay. So to be alive means to constantly Okay. So to be alive means to constantly Okay. So to be alive means to constantly struggle to progress things. Okay. And struggle to progress things. Okay. And struggle to progress things. Okay. And this is it. Then to the moment I dare this is it. Then to the moment I dare this is it. Then to the moment I dare say stay a while you are so lovely. He say stay a while you are so lovely. He say stay a while you are so lovely. He wants to stay in this moment wants to stay in this moment wants to stay in this moment forever through eons then never to fade forever through eons then never to fade forever through eons then never to fade away this path of mind through all away this path of mind through all away this path of mind through all that's earthly anticipating here its that's earthly anticipating here its that's earthly anticipating here its deep enjoyment now I savor it that that deep enjoyment now I savor it that that deep enjoyment now I savor it that that highest moment okay in this moment when highest moment okay in this moment when highest moment okay in this moment when he feel he's contributed to development he feel he's contributed to development he feel he's contributed to development of society he feels at peace he feels of society he feels at peace he feels of society he feels at peace he feels fulfilled Okay. And so the irony is that at this Okay. And so the irony is that at this moment when he's most fulfilled, he moment when he's most fulfilled, he moment when he's most fulfilled, he should not he should now be damned to should not he should now be damned to should not he should now be damned to hell, right? But what happens as Mephestles is about But what happens as Mephestles is about to claim false soul is angels appear and to claim false soul is angels appear and to claim false soul is angels appear and steal it from from messes. Okay. The steal it from from messes. Okay. The steal it from from messes. Okay. The angels pure incandescent whom its flames angels pure incandescent whom its flames angels pure incandescent whom its flames bless blissful with goodness is their bless blissful with goodness is their bless blissful with goodness is their existence. Gather together rise now and existence. Gather together rise now and existence. Gather together rise now and praise spirit can breathe here in pure praise spirit can breathe here in pure praise spirit can breathe here in pure waves. So God has come to save false waves. So God has come to save false waves. So God has come to save false They rise carrying away the immortal They rise carrying away the immortal They rise carrying away the immortal part of false. False false soul is now part of false. False false soul is now part of false. False false soul is now in heaven. Nephes says, "How then? Where in heaven. Nephes says, "How then? Where in heaven. Nephes says, "How then? Where did they vanish to? You took me by did they vanish to? You took me by did they vanish to? You took me by surprise, you adolescence. Now with what surprise, you adolescence. Now with what surprise, you adolescence. Now with what they've salvaged from the tomb as their they've salvaged from the tomb as their they've salvaged from the tomb as their own prize, they've flown off to heaven. own prize, they've flown off to heaven. own prize, they've flown off to heaven. They've stolen a great and unique They've stolen a great and unique They've stolen a great and unique treasure that noble soul mortgaged to my treasure that noble soul mortgaged to my treasure that noble soul mortgaged to my pleasure. They've snatched it away with pleasure. They've snatched it away with pleasure. They've snatched it away with cunning even. But whom can I even cunning even. But whom can I even cunning even. But whom can I even complain to anyway?" Okay. So, Mephes complain to anyway?" Okay. So, Mephes complain to anyway?" Okay. So, Mephes knows he's been tricked, but he has no knows he's been tricked, but he has no knows he's been tricked, but he has no say in the matter. Okay. And so, false, say in the matter. Okay. And so, false, say in the matter. Okay. And so, false, it is considered the greatest work of it is considered the greatest work of it is considered the greatest work of German literature. And the main message German literature. And the main message German literature. And the main message is God loves us. God wants us to be is God loves us. God wants us to be is God loves us. God wants us to be curious. God wants us to explore, to curious. God wants us to explore, to curious. God wants us to explore, to challenge ourselves, to grow. And if we challenge ourselves, to grow. And if we challenge ourselves, to grow. And if we do that, God will always protect us no do that, God will always protect us no do that, God will always protect us no matter how many stupid things we do. matter how many stupid things we do. matter how many stupid things we do. Okay? God is ultimately about Okay? God is ultimately about Okay? God is ultimately about forgiveness and love and mercy and forgiveness and love and mercy and forgiveness and love and mercy and kindness and kindness and kindness and generosity. So that's a very optimistic generosity. So that's a very optimistic generosity. So that's a very optimistic and confident view of the world, and confident view of the world, and confident view of the world, right? Uh any questions so far? Okay, let's move on to Emanuel far? Okay, let's move on to Emanuel Kant. Emanuel Kant is the greatest Kant. Emanuel Kant is the greatest Kant. Emanuel Kant is the greatest philosopher who ever lived. We'll be philosopher who ever lived. We'll be philosopher who ever lived. We'll be spending a lot of time on Emanuel Kant spending a lot of time on Emanuel Kant spending a lot of time on Emanuel Kant throughout the semester. Okay. So I throughout the semester. Okay. So I throughout the semester. Okay. So I introduce you to him here and he wrote a introduce you to him here and he wrote a introduce you to him here and he wrote a very influential essay called what is very influential essay called what is very influential essay called what is enlightenment? Why do we have enlightenment? Why do we have enlightenment? Why do we have enlightenment? Okay. All right. So enlightenment? Okay. All right. So enlightenment? Okay. All right. So enlightenment is man's emergence from a enlightenment is man's emergence from a enlightenment is man's emergence from a self-imposed knowledge. Knowledge is the self-imposed knowledge. Knowledge is the self-imposed knowledge. Knowledge is the inability to use one's own reasoning inability to use one's own reasoning inability to use one's own reasoning without another's guidance. This without another's guidance. This without another's guidance. This knowledge is self-imposed if its cause knowledge is self-imposed if its cause knowledge is self-imposed if its cause lies not in lack of understanding but in lies not in lack of understanding but in lies not in lack of understanding but in indecision and lack of courage to use indecision and lack of courage to use indecision and lack of courage to use one's own mind. one another's guidance. one's own mind. one another's guidance. one's own mind. one another's guidance. Dear to know have the courage to use Dear to know have the courage to use Dear to know have the courage to use your own understanding is therefore the your own understanding is therefore the your own understanding is therefore the model of the enlightenment. Okay. So model of the enlightenment. Okay. So model of the enlightenment. Okay. So what he's saying here is that you're what he's saying here is that you're what he's saying here is that you're students and I'm the teacher. Okay. I'm students and I'm the teacher. Okay. I'm students and I'm the teacher. Okay. I'm enlightened because I'm using my reason. enlightened because I'm using my reason. enlightened because I'm using my reason. But you're not enlightened because But you're not enlightened because But you're not enlightened because you're not you because you're relying on you're not you because you're relying on you're not you because you're relying on my my my reason. Right? And what he's saying is reason. Right? And what he's saying is reason. Right? And what he's saying is that it's not because you lack the that it's not because you lack the that it's not because you lack the capacity to reason that's a problem. capacity to reason that's a problem. capacity to reason that's a problem. It's because you guys are lazy, right? It's because you guys are lazy, right? It's because you guys are lazy, right? It's just easier for you to just sit sit It's just easier for you to just sit sit It's just easier for you to just sit sit there and take notes rather than to there and take notes rather than to there and take notes rather than to actually read these texts for yourself actually read these texts for yourself actually read these texts for yourself and understand them yourself. That's why and understand them yourself. That's why and understand them yourself. That's why we rely on me. Okay. But well, but if we rely on me. Okay. But well, but if we rely on me. Okay. But well, but if you don't ever rely on yourself, you can you don't ever rely on yourself, you can you don't ever rely on yourself, you can never be free to think it. Does that never be free to think it. Does that never be free to think it. Does that make sense? That's what he's saying make sense? That's what he's saying make sense? That's what he's saying here. Laziness and cowardice are the here. Laziness and cowardice are the here. Laziness and cowardice are the reasons why such a large part of mankind reasons why such a large part of mankind reasons why such a large part of mankind gladly remain minders all their lives gladly remain minders all their lives gladly remain minders all their lives long after nature has freed them from long after nature has freed them from long after nature has freed them from external eternal external guidance. external eternal external guidance. external eternal external guidance. Okay, you have the capacity to reason. Okay, you have the capacity to reason. Okay, you have the capacity to reason. You can just read these things by You can just read these things by You can just read these things by yourself, but you're lazy and you're yourself, but you're lazy and you're yourself, but you're lazy and you're cowardly. Okay, you don't want you don't cowardly. Okay, you don't want you don't cowardly. Okay, you don't want you don't want to make a mistake. Okay, you don't want to make a mistake. Okay, you don't want to make a mistake. Okay, you don't be wrong. Thus, it is very difficult for the Thus, it is very difficult for the individual to work himself out of individual to work himself out of individual to work himself out of knowledge which has become almost second knowledge which has become almost second knowledge which has become almost second nature to him. He has even grown to like nature to him. He has even grown to like nature to him. He has even grown to like it and is at first really incapable of it and is at first really incapable of it and is at first really incapable of using his own understanding because he using his own understanding because he using his own understanding because he has never been permitted to try it. has never been permitted to try it. has never been permitted to try it. Okay. So, everyone can do it but only a Okay. So, everyone can do it but only a Okay. So, everyone can do it but only a few can do it. So, what's the solution few can do it. So, what's the solution few can do it. So, what's the solution to this problem? The solution is free to this problem? The solution is free to this problem? The solution is free and open debate. Does that make sense? and open debate. Does that make sense? and open debate. Does that make sense? If you're able to access information, if If you're able to access information, if If you're able to access information, if you're able to access different points you're able to access different points you're able to access different points of view, then you're able to to hear the of view, then you're able to to hear the of view, then you're able to to hear the truth for yourself. Okay? Does that make truth for yourself. Okay? Does that make truth for yourself. Okay? Does that make sense? All right. So, you don't want to sense? All right. So, you don't want to sense? All right. So, you don't want to find the truth for yourself. But if find the truth for yourself. But if find the truth for yourself. But if you're able to hear the truth, hear the you're able to hear the truth, hear the you're able to hear the truth, hear the opinions of others, then you can make up opinions of others, then you can make up opinions of others, then you can make up for your mind, make up your own mind as for your mind, make up your own mind as for your mind, make up your own mind as what the truth is. And you can because what the truth is. And you can because what the truth is. And you can because you have access to reason that God you have access to reason that God you have access to reason that God implanted in you. Okay, that's the logic implanted in you. Okay, that's the logic implanted in you. Okay, that's the logic here. It is more nearly possible, here. It is more nearly possible, here. It is more nearly possible, however, for the public to enlighten however, for the public to enlighten however, for the public to enlighten itself. Indeed, if it is only given itself. Indeed, if it is only given itself. Indeed, if it is only given freedom, enlightenment is almost freedom, enlightenment is almost freedom, enlightenment is almost inevitable. There will always be a few inevitable. There will always be a few inevitable. There will always be a few independent thinkers even among the independent thinkers even among the independent thinkers even among the self-appointed guardians of the self-appointed guardians of the self-appointed guardians of the multitude. Okay, so this idea of of multitude. Okay, so this idea of of multitude. Okay, so this idea of of reason, debate, and reason, debate, and reason, debate, and progress. If there's a debate, if progress. If there's a debate, if progress. If there's a debate, if everyone is able to hear different everyone is able to hear different everyone is able to hear different opinions, then society will almost opinions, then society will almost opinions, then society will almost always progress. Okay? Does that make sense? This enlightenment requires sense? This enlightenment requires nothing but freedom. And the most nothing but freedom. And the most nothing but freedom. And the most innocent of all that may be called innocent of all that may be called innocent of all that may be called freedom. Freedom to make public use of freedom. Freedom to make public use of freedom. Freedom to make public use of one's reason in all matters. Now, I hear one's reason in all matters. Now, I hear one's reason in all matters. Now, I hear the cry from all sides. Do not argue. the cry from all sides. Do not argue. the cry from all sides. Do not argue. The officer says,"Do not argue. Drill The officer says,"Do not argue. Drill The officer says,"Do not argue. Drill the tax collector." Do not argue. Pay the tax collector." Do not argue. Pay the tax collector." Do not argue. Pay the pastor. Do not argue. Believe. Only the pastor. Do not argue. Believe. Only the pastor. Do not argue. Believe. Only one ruler in the world would says, one ruler in the world would says, one ruler in the world would says, "Argue as much as you please, but obey." "Argue as much as you please, but obey." "Argue as much as you please, but obey." We find restrictions on freedom We find restrictions on freedom We find restrictions on freedom everywhere. But which restrictions is everywhere. But which restrictions is everywhere. But which restrictions is harmful to enlightenment? Which harmful to enlightenment? Which harmful to enlightenment? Which restriction is innocent and which restriction is innocent and which restriction is innocent and which advances enlightenment? I reply, "The advances enlightenment? I reply, "The advances enlightenment? I reply, "The public use of one's reason must be free public use of one's reason must be free public use of one's reason must be free at all times and this alone can bring at all times and this alone can bring at all times and this alone can bring enlightenment to mankind." He is arguing enlightenment to mankind." He is arguing enlightenment to mankind." He is arguing for for for absolute freedom of absolute freedom of absolute freedom of expression. Okay? Even if it's hate expression. Okay? Even if it's hate expression. Okay? Even if it's hate speech, even even if you say racist speech, even even if you say racist speech, even even if you say racist things, you're still allowed to say it things, you're still allowed to say it things, you're still allowed to say it because people have reason and therefore because people have reason and therefore because people have reason and therefore the capacity to judge for himself or the capacity to judge for himself or the capacity to judge for himself or herself what is true. Whenever you herself what is true. Whenever you herself what is true. Whenever you censor something, you're denying freedom censor something, you're denying freedom censor something, you're denying freedom to to to people. Okay? So this is an absolutist people. Okay? So this is an absolutist people. Okay? So this is an absolutist understanding of freedom and this understanding of freedom and this understanding of freedom and this becomes the foundation for of course um becomes the foundation for of course um becomes the foundation for of course um the American constitution or the the American constitution or the the American constitution or the American American American revolution. In view of this he as revolution. In view of this he as revolution. In view of this he as preacher is not free and ought not to be preacher is not free and ought not to be preacher is not free and ought not to be free since he is carrying out the orders free since he is carrying out the orders free since he is carrying out the orders of others. On the other hand as a of others. On the other hand as a of others. On the other hand as a scholar who speaks to his own public scholar who speaks to his own public scholar who speaks to his own public through his writings the minister in the through his writings the minister in the through his writings the minister in the public use of his reason enjoys public use of his reason enjoys public use of his reason enjoys unlimited freedom to use his own reason unlimited freedom to use his own reason unlimited freedom to use his own reason and to speak for himself. Okay, this is and to speak for himself. Okay, this is and to speak for himself. Okay, this is a really important idea. All right, so a really important idea. All right, so a really important idea. All right, so I'm your teacher. Okay, I'm I'm your I'm your teacher. Okay, I'm I'm your I'm your teacher. Okay, I'm I'm your teacher. Now, I can perceive myself in teacher. Now, I can perceive myself in teacher. Now, I can perceive myself in different ways. I can perceive myself as different ways. I can perceive myself as different ways. I can perceive myself as a employee of a school in a employee of a school in a employee of a school in China. Therefore, I must be aware of China. Therefore, I must be aware of China. Therefore, I must be aware of uh censorship laws in China. I must be uh censorship laws in China. I must be uh censorship laws in China. I must be aware of what I can teach you and what aware of what I can teach you and what aware of what I can teach you and what and what I cannot teach you. I must also and what I cannot teach you. I must also and what I cannot teach you. I must also be aware that my main responsibility is be aware that my main responsibility is be aware that my main responsibility is to make you a citizen of China and to make you a citizen of China and to make you a citizen of China and therefore make you feel good about therefore make you feel good about therefore make you feel good about China. Okay? If I see myself as an China. Okay? If I see myself as an China. Okay? If I see myself as an employee of a school in China, but if I employee of a school in China, but if I employee of a school in China, but if I see myself as see myself as see myself as a free a free a free individual in a service of human individual in a service of human individual in a service of human progress, then my job is to enlighten progress, then my job is to enlighten progress, then my job is to enlighten you as to the possibilities of human you as to the possibilities of human you as to the possibilities of human reason. Right? So I must be honest with reason. Right? So I must be honest with reason. Right? So I must be honest with you. I must challenge you to think for you. I must challenge you to think for you. I must challenge you to think for yourself. I must give you the capacity yourself. I must give you the capacity yourself. I must give you the capacity to for you to think for yourself. Okay? to for you to think for yourself. Okay? to for you to think for yourself. Okay? Therefore I will not tell you what Khan Therefore I will not tell you what Khan Therefore I will not tell you what Khan says. I will show you what Khan says so says. I will show you what Khan says so says. I will show you what Khan says so that you can you can by yourself that you can you can by yourself that you can you can by yourself interpret what he's saying. Does that interpret what he's saying. Does that interpret what he's saying. Does that make sense? Okay. That's the difference. make sense? Okay. That's the difference. make sense? Okay. That's the difference. You can either see yourself as an You can either see yourself as an You can either see yourself as an employee who is just making money in the employee who is just making money in the employee who is just making money in the service of others or as a citizen of the service of others or as a citizen of the service of others or as a citizen of the world. as a citizen dedicated to the world. as a citizen dedicated to the world. as a citizen dedicated to the progress of human civilization. Okay, progress of human civilization. Okay, progress of human civilization. Okay, that's your choice. But a society of ministers say choice. But a society of ministers say church council have the right to commit church council have the right to commit church council have the right to commit itself by oath to a certain unimal itself by oath to a certain unimal itself by oath to a certain unimal doctrine in order to secure perpetual doctrine in order to secure perpetual doctrine in order to secure perpetual governorship over all its members and governorship over all its members and governorship over all its members and through them over the people. I say that through them over the people. I say that through them over the people. I say that this is quite impossible. Such a this is quite impossible. Such a this is quite impossible. Such a contract concluded to keep all further contract concluded to keep all further contract concluded to keep all further enlightenment from humanity is simply enlightenment from humanity is simply enlightenment from humanity is simply null and void, even if it should be null and void, even if it should be null and void, even if it should be confirmed by the sovereign power by confirmed by the sovereign power by confirmed by the sovereign power by parliaments and the most solemn parliaments and the most solemn parliaments and the most solemn treaties. An epoch cannot include a pack treaties. An epoch cannot include a pack treaties. An epoch cannot include a pack that will commit succeeding ages, that will commit succeeding ages, that will commit succeeding ages, prevent them from increasing their prevent them from increasing their prevent them from increasing their significant insights, purging themselves significant insights, purging themselves significant insights, purging themselves of errors, and generally progressing in of errors, and generally progressing in of errors, and generally progressing in enlightenment. That would be a crime enlightenment. That would be a crime enlightenment. That would be a crime against human nature whose proper against human nature whose proper against human nature whose proper destiny lies precisely in such progress. destiny lies precisely in such progress. destiny lies precisely in such progress. Okay, this is a radical statement. What Okay, this is a radical statement. What Okay, this is a radical statement. What he's saying is that I'm I'm of an older he's saying is that I'm I'm of an older he's saying is that I'm I'm of an older generation than you, right? I have generation than you, right? I have generation than you, right? I have absolutely no right to tell you what to absolutely no right to tell you what to absolutely no right to tell you what to think. I have absolutely no right to think. I have absolutely no right to think. I have absolutely no right to tell you what to think. I can show you tell you what to think. I can show you tell you what to think. I can show you possibilities. I can argue with you, but possibilities. I can argue with you, but possibilities. I can argue with you, but I must not enforce my ideas on you I must not enforce my ideas on you I must not enforce my ideas on you because that would limit human progress. because that would limit human progress. because that would limit human progress. Progress is determined by a new Progress is determined by a new Progress is determined by a new generation's capacity to question and generation's capacity to question and generation's capacity to question and negate a previous generation's ideas. negate a previous generation's ideas. negate a previous generation's ideas. Okay, does that make sense? Okay, does that make sense? Okay, does that make sense? Right. All right. So, um this is Right. All right. So, um this is Right. All right. So, um this is Voltater. Um Voltier I I don't really Voltater. Um Voltier I I don't really Voltater. Um Voltier I I don't really want to spend too much time on, but want to spend too much time on, but want to spend too much time on, but Voltater is considered a celebrity of Voltater is considered a celebrity of Voltater is considered a celebrity of the Enlightenment. Okay? He was very the Enlightenment. Okay? He was very the Enlightenment. Okay? He was very famous at that time because he is what famous at that time because he is what famous at that time because he is what we what we call today a troll. Okay, a we what we call today a troll. Okay, a we what we call today a troll. Okay, a troll. Why? Because he's always making troll. Why? Because he's always making troll. Why? Because he's always making fun of the nobility and the clergy, the fun of the nobility and the clergy, the fun of the nobility and the clergy, the powers that be. And as such, the middle powers that be. And as such, the middle powers that be. And as such, the middle class basically um worshiped him. Okay, class basically um worshiped him. Okay, class basically um worshiped him. Okay, they love his contributions. But he they love his contributions. But he they love his contributions. But he himself was not a very deep thinker. himself was not a very deep thinker. himself was not a very deep thinker. Okay, he himself was not a great Okay, he himself was not a great Okay, he himself was not a great thinker. So I don't want to spend too thinker. So I don't want to spend too thinker. So I don't want to spend too much time on him. All right. Um so let's much time on him. All right. Um so let's much time on him. All right. Um so let's go move on to Jon Rouso who is the most go move on to Jon Rouso who is the most go move on to Jon Rouso who is the most influential enlightenment thinker in influential enlightenment thinker in influential enlightenment thinker in France. It is it is his ideas that will France. It is it is his ideas that will France. It is it is his ideas that will drive the French revolution. Okay. All right. So he wrote a very influential right. So he wrote a very influential book called a meal. Emil is his treatis book called a meal. Emil is his treatis book called a meal. Emil is his treatis on education. How should you best on education. How should you best on education. How should you best educate children? Okay. All right. So educate children? Okay. All right. So educate children? Okay. All right. So let's just read some basic passages. If the infant sprang at one bound from If the infant sprang at one bound from its mother's breast to the age of its mother's breast to the age of its mother's breast to the age of reason, the present type of education reason, the present type of education reason, the present type of education would be quite so suitable. But his would be quite so suitable. But his would be quite so suitable. But his natural growth calls for quite a natural growth calls for quite a natural growth calls for quite a different training. The mind should be different training. The mind should be different training. The mind should be left undisturbed till its faculties have left undisturbed till its faculties have left undisturbed till its faculties have developed. For while it is blind, it developed. For while it is blind, it developed. For while it is blind, it cannot see the torch you offer it, nor cannot see the torch you offer it, nor cannot see the torch you offer it, nor can it follow through the vast expanse can it follow through the vast expanse can it follow through the vast expanse of ideas of path so faintly traced by of ideas of path so faintly traced by of ideas of path so faintly traced by reason that the best eyes can scarcely reason that the best eyes can scarcely reason that the best eyes can scarcely follow it. Okay. So, what he's saying follow it. Okay. So, what he's saying follow it. Okay. So, what he's saying here, and it's a very controversial here, and it's a very controversial here, and it's a very controversial idea. What he's saying here is idea. What he's saying here is idea. What he's saying here is that kindergarten and primary school that kindergarten and primary school that kindergarten and primary school make no make no make no sense. Kids come into school to learn sense. Kids come into school to learn sense. Kids come into school to learn math, to learn language, right? But the math, to learn language, right? But the math, to learn language, right? But the problem is that their faculty for reason problem is that their faculty for reason problem is that their faculty for reason has not fully developed. Okay? It's like has not fully developed. Okay? It's like has not fully developed. Okay? It's like me asking you to uh fly even though you me asking you to uh fly even though you me asking you to uh fly even though you don't have wings. So, what he's saying don't have wings. So, what he's saying don't have wings. So, what he's saying is this. before the age of 12, let kids is this. before the age of 12, let kids is this. before the age of 12, let kids play. Because if you ask them to come to play. Because if you ask them to come to play. Because if you ask them to come to school, all that will do is screw up school, all that will do is screw up school, all that will do is screw up their their their minds, right? If a child is crawling and minds, right? If a child is crawling and minds, right? If a child is crawling and you make the child walk, all that's you make the child walk, all that's you make the child walk, all that's going to do is make the going to do is make the going to do is make the bones deformed, okay? It's going to bones deformed, okay? It's going to bones deformed, okay? It's going to really screw up the legs. And that's really screw up the legs. And that's really screw up the legs. And that's what what we're saying. Do not ever send what what we're saying. Do not ever send what what we're saying. Do not ever send kids to learn anything before the age of kids to learn anything before the age of kids to learn anything before the age of 12 because their faculty of reason has 12 because their faculty of reason has 12 because their faculty of reason has not developed before the age of 12. And not developed before the age of 12. And not developed before the age of 12. And guess what guys? This is the idea of guess what guys? This is the idea of guess what guys? This is the idea of childhood. Okay, childhood. Children childhood. Okay, childhood. Children childhood. Okay, childhood. Children should should be allowed to play should should be allowed to play should should be allowed to play um until the age of 12 and it comes from um until the age of 12 and it comes from um until the age of 12 and it comes from rousole. rousole. rousole. Okay, does that make sense? Therefore, the education of the earliest Therefore, the education of the earliest years should be merely negative. years should be merely negative. years should be merely negative. Negative just means like don't have kids Negative just means like don't have kids Negative just means like don't have kids jump in the pool by themselves. Okay? jump in the pool by themselves. Okay? jump in the pool by themselves. Okay? But don't be positive. Don't make them But don't be positive. Don't make them But don't be positive. Don't make them learn learn learn mathematics. It consists not in teaching mathematics. It consists not in teaching mathematics. It consists not in teaching virtue or truth, but in preserving the virtue or truth, but in preserving the virtue or truth, but in preserving the heart from vice and from the spirit of heart from vice and from the spirit of heart from vice and from the spirit of error. If only you could let well alone error. If only you could let well alone error. If only you could let well alone and get others to follow your example. and get others to follow your example. and get others to follow your example. If you could bring your scholar to the If you could bring your scholar to the If you could bring your scholar to the age of 12, strong and healthy, but age of 12, strong and healthy, but age of 12, strong and healthy, but unable to tell his right hand from his unable to tell his right hand from his unable to tell his right hand from his left, the eyes of his understanding left, the eyes of his understanding left, the eyes of his understanding would be open to reason as soon as you would be open to reason as soon as you would be open to reason as soon as you began to teach him. Free from prejudices began to teach him. Free from prejudices began to teach him. Free from prejudices and free from habits. There would be and free from habits. There would be and free from habits. There would be nothing in him to counteract the effects nothing in him to counteract the effects nothing in him to counteract the effects of your labors in your hands. He would of your labors in your hands. He would of your labors in your hands. He would soon become the wisest of man. By doing soon become the wisest of man. By doing soon become the wisest of man. By doing nothing to begin with, you would end nothing to begin with, you would end nothing to begin with, you would end with a prodigy of education. Okay, with a prodigy of education. Okay, with a prodigy of education. Okay, that's the secret of education. Before that's the secret of education. Before that's the secret of education. Before age 12, leave the kid alone. Make sure age 12, leave the kid alone. Make sure age 12, leave the kid alone. Make sure he's he or she is healthy. Make sure he he's he or she is healthy. Make sure he he's he or she is healthy. Make sure he or she is eating well. But do not teach or she is eating well. But do not teach or she is eating well. But do not teach mathematics. Okay? Because because by mathematics. Okay? Because because by mathematics. Okay? Because because by leaving the child alone, you free the leaving the child alone, you free the leaving the child alone, you free the child from bad mental habits. You allow child from bad mental habits. You allow child from bad mental habits. You allow the child to think for himself or the child to think for himself or the child to think for himself or herself. Okay? So the very idea of herself. Okay? So the very idea of herself. Okay? So the very idea of childhood comes from childhood comes from childhood comes from Rouso. And this is this is an idea that Rouso. And this is this is an idea that Rouso. And this is this is an idea that a lot of uh middle class parents will a lot of uh middle class parents will a lot of uh middle class parents will adopt. Okay, I myself adopt. Okay, I myself adopt. Okay, I myself um also believe very heavily in this um also believe very heavily in this um also believe very heavily in this idea. I I'm not tr I don't want to send idea. I I'm not tr I don't want to send idea. I I'm not tr I don't want to send my kids to school before age 12, my kids to school before age 12, my kids to school before age 12, possibly even age 16. Okay, I don't tr I possibly even age 16. Okay, I don't tr I possibly even age 16. Okay, I don't tr I work in a school so I don't really trust work in a school so I don't really trust work in a school so I don't really trust schools. I don't trust teachers. It's it schools. I don't trust teachers. It's it schools. I don't trust teachers. It's it it's like being a cook and you work in a it's like being a cook and you work in a it's like being a cook and you work in a restaurant. Like you would you would restaurant. Like you would you would restaurant. Like you would you would never actually go eat in a restaurant never actually go eat in a restaurant never actually go eat in a restaurant because you know how how they make the because you know how how they make the because you know how how they make the food. Okay. All food. Okay. All food. Okay. All right, let's right, let's right, let's continue. There are two classes of men continue. There are two classes of men continue. There are two classes of men who are constantly engaged in body who are constantly engaged in body who are constantly engaged in body activity. Peasants and savages. Okay, activity. Peasants and savages. Okay, activity. Peasants and savages. Okay, there are these peasants who work the there are these peasants who work the there are these peasants who work the farm and these savages who run around in farm and these savages who run around in farm and these savages who run around in the force all day. Okay, so you think the force all day. Okay, so you think the force all day. Okay, so you think there's no difference, but in fact there's no difference, but in fact there's no difference, but in fact there's a world of there's a world of there's a world of difference. And certainly neither of difference. And certainly neither of difference. And certainly neither of these of these pays least attention to these of these pays least attention to these of these pays least attention to the cultivation of the mind. Peasants the cultivation of the mind. Peasants the cultivation of the mind. Peasants are rough, coarse, and clumsy. Savages are rough, coarse, and clumsy. Savages are rough, coarse, and clumsy. Savages are noted not only for their keen are noted not only for their keen are noted not only for their keen senses, but for great subtlety of mind. senses, but for great subtlety of mind. senses, but for great subtlety of mind. Savages are really smart. Peasants are Savages are really smart. Peasants are Savages are really smart. Peasants are really dull. really dull. really dull. Why? Generally speaking, there is Why? Generally speaking, there is Why? Generally speaking, there is nothing duller than a peasant or sharper nothing duller than a peasant or sharper nothing duller than a peasant or sharper than a savage. What is the cause of this than a savage. What is the cause of this than a savage. What is the cause of this difference? The peasant has always done difference? The peasant has always done difference? The peasant has always done as he was told, what his father did as he was told, what his father did as he was told, what his father did before him, what he himself has always before him, what he himself has always before him, what he himself has always done. He's the creature of habit. He done. He's the creature of habit. He done. He's the creature of habit. He spends his life almost like an automat spends his life almost like an automat spends his life almost like an automat an an automaton on the same task. Hab an an automaton on the same task. Hab an an automaton on the same task. Hab and obedience have taken a place of reason. The case of the savage is very reason. The case of the savage is very different. He is tied to no one place. different. He is tied to no one place. different. He is tied to no one place. He has no prescribed task, no superior He has no prescribed task, no superior He has no prescribed task, no superior to obey. He knows no law but his own to obey. He knows no law but his own to obey. He knows no law but his own will. He is therefore forced to reason will. He is therefore forced to reason will. He is therefore forced to reason at every step he takes. He can neither at every step he takes. He can neither at every step he takes. He can neither move nor walk without considering the move nor walk without considering the move nor walk without considering the consequences. Thus, the more his body is consequences. Thus, the more his body is consequences. Thus, the more his body is is exercised, the more alert is his is exercised, the more alert is his is exercised, the more alert is his mind. His strength and his reason mind. His strength and his reason mind. His strength and his reason increase together and each helps to increase together and each helps to increase together and each helps to explore the other. The savage is an explore the other. The savage is an explore the other. The savage is an explorer. The savage is a problem explorer. The savage is a problem explorer. The savage is a problem solver. The savage is free and solver. The savage is free and solver. The savage is free and independent to make his own destiny. independent to make his own destiny. independent to make his own destiny. That's the difference. That's the difference. That's the difference. Okay? So if you want to educate your Okay? So if you want to educate your Okay? So if you want to educate your child well, then let the child be a child well, then let the child be a child well, then let the child be a savage and not a peasant. Oh man, seek no further for the peasant. Oh man, seek no further for the author evil thou art he. There's no evil author evil thou art he. There's no evil author evil thou art he. There's no evil but the evil you do or the evil you but the evil you do or the evil you but the evil you do or the evil you suffer and both come from yourself. Evil suffer and both come from yourself. Evil suffer and both come from yourself. Evil in general can only spring from this in general can only spring from this in general can only spring from this order and in the order of the world I order and in the order of the world I order and in the order of the world I find a never failing system. Evil in find a never failing system. Evil in find a never failing system. Evil in particular cases exists only in the mind particular cases exists only in the mind particular cases exists only in the mind of those who experience it. And this of those who experience it. And this of those who experience it. And this feeling is not the gift of nature but feeling is not the gift of nature but feeling is not the gift of nature but the work of man himself. Pain has little the work of man himself. Pain has little the work of man himself. Pain has little power over those who have thought little power over those who have thought little power over those who have thought little look neither before nor after. Take away look neither before nor after. Take away look neither before nor after. Take away our fatal progress. Take away our faults our fatal progress. Take away our faults our fatal progress. Take away our faults and our vices. Take away man's handiwork and our vices. Take away man's handiwork and our vices. Take away man's handiwork and all is and all is and all is well. If you take children out of well. If you take children out of well. If you take children out of school, you let them play by themselves school, you let them play by themselves school, you let them play by themselves whatever they want. Guess what? They whatever they want. Guess what? They whatever they want. Guess what? They become smart. They become resilient. become smart. They become resilient. become smart. They become resilient. They become educated. They become They become educated. They become They become educated. They become curious. They love curious. They love curious. They love learning. So we if we try to build learning. So we if we try to build learning. So we if we try to build structure, if we try to build structure, if we try to build structure, if we try to build civilization, if we move children away civilization, if we move children away civilization, if we move children away from the state of nature, we can only from the state of nature, we can only from the state of nature, we can only screw things screw things screw things up. Schools are not designed to educate up. Schools are not designed to educate up. Schools are not designed to educate children. Schools are first and foremost children. Schools are first and foremost children. Schools are first and foremost designed to control designed to control designed to control children. Right? Why? because we don't children. Right? Why? because we don't children. Right? Why? because we don't like kids running around. Okay, it's like kids running around. Okay, it's like kids running around. Okay, it's that simple. They're not meant for kids. that simple. They're not meant for kids. that simple. They're not meant for kids. They're meant for adults so that parents They're meant for adults so that parents They're meant for adults so that parents don't don't actually have to see them don't don't actually have to see them don't don't actually have to see them and teachers don't have to deal with and teachers don't have to deal with and teachers don't have to deal with them. Okay, so that's what Rouso is them. Okay, so that's what Rouso is them. Okay, so that's what Rouso is saying and he's he's absolutely saying and he's he's absolutely saying and he's he's absolutely right. All right. Um so that was Emil. right. All right. Um so that was Emil. right. All right. Um so that was Emil. Now Rouso also wrote a really famous Now Rouso also wrote a really famous Now Rouso also wrote a really famous book called this course on the origin of book called this course on the origin of book called this course on the origin of inequality which will have a major inequality which will have a major inequality which will have a major impact on the French revolution and impact on the French revolution and impact on the French revolution and enlightenment. Okay. And it's the idea enlightenment. Okay. And it's the idea enlightenment. Okay. And it's the idea of private property. Where does priv of private property. Where does priv of private property. Where does priv private property come private property come private property come from? The first man who having enclosed from? The first man who having enclosed from? The first man who having enclosed a piece of ground be thought himself of a piece of ground be thought himself of a piece of ground be thought himself of saying this is mine and found people saying this is mine and found people saying this is mine and found people simple enough to believe him was the simple enough to believe him was the simple enough to believe him was the real founder of civil society. Okay. So real founder of civil society. Okay. So real founder of civil society. Okay. So we have society because some people want we have society because some people want we have society because some people want property, private property, private property, private property. Okay. property. Okay. property. Okay. From how many crimes, wars, and murders? From how many crimes, wars, and murders? From how many crimes, wars, and murders? From how many horrors and misfortunes From how many horrors and misfortunes From how many horrors and misfortunes might not anyone have saved mankind by might not anyone have saved mankind by might not anyone have saved mankind by pulling up the stakes or filling up the pulling up the stakes or filling up the pulling up the stakes or filling up the ditch and crying to his fellows. Beware ditch and crying to his fellows. Beware ditch and crying to his fellows. Beware of listening to this impostor. You're of listening to this impostor. You're of listening to this impostor. You're undone if you if you want to forget that undone if you if you want to forget that undone if you if you want to forget that the fruits of the earth belong to us all the fruits of the earth belong to us all the fruits of the earth belong to us all and the earth itself to nobody. What and the earth itself to nobody. What and the earth itself to nobody. What he's saying is he's saying is he's saying is this. Suddenly one day some people in this. Suddenly one day some people in this. Suddenly one day some people in our society are like, "Oh, this is mine. our society are like, "Oh, this is mine. our society are like, "Oh, this is mine. This ground is mine. you can't come This ground is mine. you can't come This ground is mine. you can't come here. We should have all been like, here. We should have all been like, here. We should have all been like, "What are you talking about? That makes "What are you talking about? That makes "What are you talking about? That makes no no no sense. How can you claim this ground for sense. How can you claim this ground for sense. How can you claim this ground for yourself?" Well, we didn't do that. In yourself?" Well, we didn't do that. In yourself?" Well, we didn't do that. In fact, we claim our own ground or we let fact, we claim our own ground or we let fact, we claim our own ground or we let we we let let them have their own crown we we let let them have their own crown we we let let them have their own crown ground. And because of this, because of ground. And because of this, because of ground. And because of this, because of the idea, because of the idea of private the idea, because of the idea of private the idea, because of the idea of private property, we now have property, we now have property, we now have inequality, inequality, inequality, patriarchy, war. patriarchy, war. patriarchy, war. Okay. This is where war and patriarchy Okay. This is where war and patriarchy Okay. This is where war and patriarchy and inequality come from because of some and inequality come from because of some and inequality come from because of some people's insistent on having private people's insistent on having private people's insistent on having private property. All right. Okay. Any questions property. All right. Okay. Any questions property. All right. Okay. Any questions so far? Okay. Is this all clear to you? so far? Okay. Is this all clear to you? so far? Okay. Is this all clear to you? All right. So, let's move on to the All right. So, let's move on to the All right. So, let's move on to the final book. The social contract. Okay. final book. The social contract. Okay. final book. The social contract. Okay. The social contract is the bible of the The social contract is the bible of the The social contract is the bible of the French revolution. It is the um book French revolution. It is the um book French revolution. It is the um book that is most influent in the most that is most influent in the most that is most influent in the most influential in development of the influential in development of the influential in development of the thinkers of the French revolution. All thinkers of the French revolution. All thinkers of the French revolution. All right. The most famous sentence um the right. The most famous sentence um the right. The most famous sentence um the the sentence that begins a social the sentence that begins a social the sentence that begins a social contract contract contract is man is born free and everywhere he is is man is born free and everywhere he is is man is born free and everywhere he is in change. Here is one who thinks he is in change. Here is one who thinks he is in change. Here is one who thinks he is the master of others yet is more the master of others yet is more the master of others yet is more enslaved than they are. Okay. So we were enslaved than they are. Okay. So we were enslaved than they are. Okay. So we were born free but we choose to become born free but we choose to become born free but we choose to become slaves. But not only that, the people slaves. But not only that, the people slaves. But not only that, the people who have enslaved us think they're our who have enslaved us think they're our who have enslaved us think they're our masters, but in fact they're more masters, but in fact they're more masters, but in fact they're more enslaved than us because they are enslaved than us because they are enslaved than us because they are trapped by the system. You understand? trapped by the system. You understand? trapped by the system. You understand? Slavery is a system that enslaves Slavery is a system that enslaves Slavery is a system that enslaves all. Slavery is not a system where a few all. Slavery is not a system where a few all. Slavery is not a system where a few oppressed the others. Slavery is a oppressed the others. Slavery is a oppressed the others. Slavery is a system where an idea has oppressed system where an idea has oppressed system where an idea has oppressed everyone, especially the everyone, especially the everyone, especially the masters. Right? We see at once that on this account of We see at once that on this account of things certain questions can be laid things certain questions can be laid things certain questions can be laid aside. Whose business it is to make aside. Whose business it is to make aside. Whose business it is to make laws? There are acts of the general laws? There are acts of the general laws? There are acts of the general will. Is the prince above the law? No, will. Is the prince above the law? No, will. Is the prince above the law? No, because he is a member of the state. Can because he is a member of the state. Can because he is a member of the state. Can the law be unjust? No, because nothing the law be unjust? No, because nothing the law be unjust? No, because nothing is unjust towards itself. How can we be is unjust towards itself. How can we be is unjust towards itself. How can we be both free and subject to laws? There's both free and subject to laws? There's both free and subject to laws? There's no problem about this because the laws no problem about this because the laws no problem about this because the laws are nothing but records of our are nothing but records of our are nothing but records of our violations. Okay. So, this is a really violations. Okay. So, this is a really violations. Okay. So, this is a really important idea um that I need to explain important idea um that I need to explain important idea um that I need to explain to you. All right? Right? And it becomes to you. All right? Right? And it becomes to you. All right? Right? And it becomes a basis for a new type of society uh a basis for a new type of society uh a basis for a new type of society uh promoted by the French revolution. All promoted by the French revolution. All promoted by the French revolution. All right. So um Rouso is trying to reason right. So um Rouso is trying to reason right. So um Rouso is trying to reason from general principles as to how to from general principles as to how to from general principles as to how to form a good society. Okay. A social form a good society. Okay. A social form a good society. Okay. A social contract where everyone chooses to contract where everyone chooses to contract where everyone chooses to participate in a society and is not participate in a society and is not participate in a society and is not compelled to participate in a society. compelled to participate in a society. compelled to participate in a society. And what he says is this. There are two And what he says is this. There are two And what he says is this. There are two types of will. There's a general will types of will. There's a general will types of will. There's a general will and there's the particular will. Okay, and there's the particular will. Okay, and there's the particular will. Okay, general will is what we can agree on if general will is what we can agree on if general will is what we can agree on if we are left to reason by we are left to reason by we are left to reason by ourselves. Particular will is what we ourselves. Particular will is what we ourselves. Particular will is what we believe if we are part of a group of believe if we are part of a group of believe if we are part of a group of people. Okay, a part of a interest. So people. Okay, a part of a interest. So people. Okay, a part of a interest. So let's let's just say for let's let's just say for let's let's just say for example B the central government in example B the central government in example B the central government in China is like I want to spend $10 China is like I want to spend $10 China is like I want to spend $10 billion on roads on new billion on roads on new billion on roads on new roads where should we invest this money roads where should we invest this money roads where should we invest this money okay general will is everyone agrees okay general will is everyone agrees okay general will is everyone agrees that we should invest these roads where that we should invest these roads where that we should invest these roads where they're most needed in China right maybe they're most needed in China right maybe they're most needed in China right maybe Joe maybe you the poorest parts because Joe maybe you the poorest parts because Joe maybe you the poorest parts because it will do the most good we can all it will do the most good we can all it will do the most good we can all agree on that right but because we are agree on that right but because we are agree on that right but because we are in Beijing in Beijing in Beijing we would be like no you should put the we would be like no you should put the we would be like no you should put the money in Beijing that's a particular money in Beijing that's a particular money in Beijing that's a particular will okay so in other words society if will okay so in other words society if will okay so in other words society if it is to function well must be based it is to function well must be based it is to function well must be based entirely on the general will and negate entirely on the general will and negate entirely on the general will and negate the particular will on the common the particular will on the common the particular will on the common interest and that's why everything works interest and that's why everything works interest and that's why everything works because if laws are based on the general because if laws are based on the general because if laws are based on the general will then all the laws are acceptable to will then all the laws are acceptable to will then all the laws are acceptable to people because they the laws are just an people because they the laws are just an people because they the laws are just an expression of the general will and the expression of the general will and the expression of the general will and the king, he's just acting out the general king, he's just acting out the general king, he's just acting out the general will. So the king is acceptable to will. So the king is acceptable to will. So the king is acceptable to everyone. Okay, does that make sense? everyone. Okay, does that make sense? everyone. Okay, does that make sense? The problem with this, of course, is The problem with this, of course, is The problem with this, of course, is that that's not how the world works. that that's not how the world works. that that's not how the world works. Okay? There's actually no one in the Okay? There's actually no one in the Okay? There's actually no one in the world who's like, "Oh, I should do this world who's like, "Oh, I should do this world who's like, "Oh, I should do this because of the general will." It's because of the general will." It's because of the general will." It's always a particular will. Right? Does always a particular will. Right? Does always a particular will. Right? Does that make sense? And so this is the that make sense? And so this is the that make sense? And so this is the major major major um divergence between the French um divergence between the French um divergence between the French Revolution and American Revolutions. The Revolution and American Revolutions. The Revolution and American Revolutions. The French Revolution, it is fundamentally French Revolution, it is fundamentally French Revolution, it is fundamentally idealistic. It believes that people are idealistic. It believes that people are idealistic. It believes that people are capable capable capable of considering the common interest. The of considering the common interest. The of considering the common interest. The American Revolution denies this. Okay? American Revolution denies this. Okay? American Revolution denies this. Okay? So, we will discuss the American So, we will discuss the American So, we will discuss the American Revolution later on, but I I just want Revolution later on, but I I just want Revolution later on, but I I just want you to be aware of this. Okay? The you to be aware of this. Okay? The you to be aware of this. Okay? The French Revolution is based on the idea French Revolution is based on the idea French Revolution is based on the idea of the general will that everyone is of the general will that everyone is of the general will that everyone is capable of reason of promoting the the capable of reason of promoting the the capable of reason of promoting the the common interest. The American Revolution common interest. The American Revolution common interest. The American Revolution refuses to believe this. refuses to believe this. refuses to believe this. Okay? All right. Each of us puts his Okay? All right. Each of us puts his Okay? All right. Each of us puts his person and all his power in common under person and all his power in common under person and all his power in common under the supreme direction of the general the supreme direction of the general the supreme direction of the general will. And in our corporate capacity, we will. And in our corporate capacity, we will. And in our corporate capacity, we receive each member as an indivisible receive each member as an indivisible receive each member as an indivisible part of the whole. Okay? So as long as part of the whole. Okay? So as long as part of the whole. Okay? So as long as we are capable of reason, which we are, we are capable of reason, which we are, we are capable of reason, which we are, we can understand the general will. That the populace held its will. That the populace held its celebrations on a basis of adequate celebrations on a basis of adequate celebrations on a basis of adequate information while the citizens information while the citizens information while the citizens communicating with one another. what communicating with one another. what communicating with one another. what emerged from all that particular wills emerged from all that particular wills emerged from all that particular wills should would always be the general will should would always be the general will should would always be the general will and the decision would always be good. and the decision would always be good. and the decision would always be good. Okay. So if you only think about the Okay. So if you only think about the Okay. So if you only think about the common interest everyone would come to common interest everyone would come to common interest everyone would come to the same conclusion about everything. the same conclusion about everything. the same conclusion about everything. Okay. If the general will is to emerge Okay. If the general will is to emerge Okay. If the general will is to emerge clearly, it's important that there clearly, it's important that there clearly, it's important that there should be no partial society within the should be no partial society within the should be no partial society within the state and that each citizen should think state and that each citizen should think state and that each citizen should think only his own thoughts, which was only his own thoughts, which was only his own thoughts, which was indeed, I'm continually astonished that indeed, I'm continually astonished that indeed, I'm continually astonished that such a simple sign of good government such a simple sign of good government such a simple sign of good government isn't recognized or perhaps many do isn't recognized or perhaps many do isn't recognized or perhaps many do recognize it but aren't honest honest recognize it but aren't honest honest recognize it but aren't honest honest enough to say so. What's the purpose of enough to say so. What's the purpose of enough to say so. What's the purpose of any particular association? the any particular association? the any particular association? the preservation and prosperity of its preservation and prosperity of its preservation and prosperity of its members. And what is the shest sign of members. And what is the shest sign of members. And what is the shest sign of their preservation and prosperity? Their their preservation and prosperity? Their their preservation and prosperity? Their number and the population growth. That's number and the population growth. That's number and the population growth. That's the sign you're looking for. Other the sign you're looking for. Other the sign you're looking for. Other things being equal, the unquestionably things being equal, the unquestionably things being equal, the unquestionably best government is the one under which best government is the one under which best government is the one under which the population increases most without the population increases most without the population increases most without external help from naturalizing external help from naturalizing external help from naturalizing foreigners or establishing colonies. The foreigners or establishing colonies. The foreigners or establishing colonies. The government under which the population government under which the population government under which the population shrinks is the worst. Over to you shrinks is the worst. Over to you shrinks is the worst. Over to you calculators. Count, measure, compare. calculators. Count, measure, compare. calculators. Count, measure, compare. Okay, this is a really important idea Okay, this is a really important idea Okay, this is a really important idea here. What Russo is saying is that not here. What Russo is saying is that not here. What Russo is saying is that not only can we deduce good government from only can we deduce good government from only can we deduce good government from general principles, but good government general principles, but good government general principles, but good government can be measured. can be measured. can be measured. Okay. So we can know how we are doing as Okay. So we can know how we are doing as Okay. So we can know how we are doing as society through measurement by measuring society through measurement by measuring society through measurement by measuring things by no by counting things. things by no by counting things. things by no by counting things. Okay. Count, measure, compare. And Okay. Count, measure, compare. And Okay. Count, measure, compare. And that's what progress means. Now what that's what progress means. Now what that's what progress means. Now what we'll know what we will learn later on we'll know what we will learn later on we'll know what we will learn later on is this is actually a really dumb idea. is this is actually a really dumb idea. is this is actually a really dumb idea. Okay. But for now I want you to be aware Okay. But for now I want you to be aware Okay. But for now I want you to be aware of this and the French revolution will of this and the French revolution will of this and the French revolution will embrace embrace embrace this and that's why um in the French this and that's why um in the French this and that's why um in the French revolution they will introduce the revolution they will introduce the revolution they will introduce the metric system. The metric system comes metric system. The metric system comes metric system. The metric system comes from the French revolution and the from the French revolution and the from the French revolution and the French and the metric system is now used French and the metric system is now used French and the metric system is now used by every country in the world except by every country in the world except by every country in the world except two. Right? There are the two countries two. Right? There are the two countries two. Right? There are the two countries in the world who don't use the metric in the world who don't use the metric in the world who don't use the metric system. They system. They system. They are you guys know there there exactly are you guys know there there exactly are you guys know there there exactly two countries in the world that do not two countries in the world that do not two countries in the world that do not use a metric system. They are can you use a metric system. They are can you use a metric system. They are can you guess these two these two countries are guess these two these two countries are guess these two these two countries are the countries that are most that were the countries that are most that were the countries that are most that were most against the French revolution. most against the French revolution. most against the French revolution. These countries Okay. Yeah. It's true. In China we use Okay. Yeah. It's true. In China we use Celsius, right? When you go to America, Celsius, right? When you go to America, Celsius, right? When you go to America, they don't use Celsius. They use they don't use Celsius. They use they don't use Celsius. They use Fahrenheit. Okay? And when you go to Fahrenheit. Okay? And when you go to Fahrenheit. Okay? And when you go to Britain, they use something called Britain, they use something called Britain, they use something called imperial system. So, so, so, so, so just imperial system. So, so, so, so, so just imperial system. So, so, so, so, so just be aware when, when you go to America, be aware when, when you go to America, be aware when, when you go to America, you will hear terms like, oh, uh, 12 you will hear terms like, oh, uh, 12 you will hear terms like, oh, uh, 12 yards, and you're like, what is 12 yards, and you're like, what is 12 yards, and you're like, what is 12 yards? Okay. So, so, so they don't yards? Okay. So, so, so they don't yards? Okay. So, so, so they don't actually use the metric system in actually use the metric system in actually use the metric system in America, but but everywhere else does. America, but but everywhere else does. America, but but everywhere else does. But I'm wrong to speak of a Christian But I'm wrong to speak of a Christian But I'm wrong to speak of a Christian republic. Those two terms are mutually republic. Those two terms are mutually republic. Those two terms are mutually exclusive. Christianity preaches only exclusive. Christianity preaches only exclusive. Christianity preaches only servitude and independence. Its spirit servitude and independence. Its spirit servitude and independence. Its spirit is so favorable to tyranny that it is so favorable to tyranny that it is so favorable to tyranny that it always profits by such a regime. Genuine always profits by such a regime. Genuine always profits by such a regime. Genuine Christians are made to be slaves and Christians are made to be slaves and Christians are made to be slaves and they know it and don't mind much. This they know it and don't mind much. This they know it and don't mind much. This short life counts for too little in short life counts for too little in short life counts for too little in their eyes. Okay. So is rejecting their eyes. Okay. So is rejecting their eyes. Okay. So is rejecting religion in government. This idea of religion in government. This idea of religion in government. This idea of separation of church and state which separation of church and state which separation of church and state which becomes the basis for the French nation becomes the basis for the French nation becomes the basis for the French nation state. It's a very important idea and state. It's a very important idea and state. It's a very important idea and during the French revolution this will during the French revolution this will during the French revolution this will lead to civil wars between the peasants lead to civil wars between the peasants lead to civil wars between the peasants who want to be Christians and the who want to be Christians and the who want to be Christians and the revolutionaries who want to establish a revolutionaries who want to establish a revolutionaries who want to establish a secular secular secular state. The domas of civil religion ought state. The domas of civil religion ought state. The domas of civil religion ought to be few, simple and exactly worded to be few, simple and exactly worded to be few, simple and exactly worded with no explanation or commentary. Its with no explanation or commentary. Its with no explanation or commentary. Its positive dharmas are the existence of a positive dharmas are the existence of a positive dharmas are the existence of a mighty intelligent and beneficient mighty intelligent and beneficient mighty intelligent and beneficient divinity, possessed of foresight and divinity, possessed of foresight and divinity, possessed of foresight and providence, the life to come, the providence, the life to come, the providence, the life to come, the happiness of the just, the punishment of happiness of the just, the punishment of happiness of the just, the punishment of the wicked, the sanity of the social the wicked, the sanity of the social the wicked, the sanity of the social contract and the laws and just one dogma contract and the laws and just one dogma contract and the laws and just one dogma of exclusion in the exclusion of of exclusion in the exclusion of of exclusion in the exclusion of intolerance which is a feature of the intolerance which is a feature of the intolerance which is a feature of the cult we have rejected. Okay. So what cult we have rejected. Okay. So what cult we have rejected. Okay. So what Russ is saying here is that the new Russ is saying here is that the new Russ is saying here is that the new society should now have a new religion a society should now have a new religion a society should now have a new religion a state religion that is based on state religion that is based on state religion that is based on reason. Okay. And this new religion of reason. Okay. And this new religion of reason. Okay. And this new religion of reason must reject all other religions reason must reject all other religions reason must reject all other religions because these religions are intolerant because these religions are intolerant because these religions are intolerant of each other. And that's why in France of each other. And that's why in France of each other. And that's why in France today there's so much conflict between today there's so much conflict between today there's so much conflict between uh there's so much conflict in in uh there's so much conflict in in uh there's so much conflict in in society. Okay? you you have a lot of society. Okay? you you have a lot of society. Okay? you you have a lot of Islamic immigrants and they're always in Islamic immigrants and they're always in Islamic immigrants and they're always in conflict with the French state because conflict with the French state because conflict with the French state because the French state in insist on secular um the French state in insist on secular um the French state in insist on secular um on a secular religion but they Islamists on a secular religion but they Islamists on a secular religion but they Islamists want to practice their own religion. Okay. Okay. So that's it. Okay. So these Okay. Okay. So that's it. Okay. So these ideas that we looked at will now become ideas that we looked at will now become ideas that we looked at will now become the basis of the French Revolution. the basis of the French Revolution. the basis of the French Revolution. Right. So next class we'll look at the Right. So next class we'll look at the Right. So next class we'll look at the French French French Revolution. All right. So, so I I know Revolution. All right. So, so I I know Revolution. All right. So, so I I know this was a lot, but are there any this was a lot, but are there any this was a lot, but are there any questions about what we've learned so questions about what we've learned so questions about what we've learned so far? Why are so loyal to the religion? far? Why are so loyal to the religion? far? Why are so loyal to the religion? Excuse me. Why would so loyal to the Excuse me. Why would so loyal to the Excuse me. Why would so loyal to the religion? Why are peasants so loyal to religion? Why are peasants so loyal to religion? Why are peasants so loyal to the religion? Right. Yes. Okay. Great. the religion? Right. Yes. Okay. Great. the religion? Right. Yes. Okay. Great. Great question. All right. Sorry. Let me um All um All right. So, what you learn in this class right. So, what you learn in this class right. So, what you learn in this class is that the Christian religion It is something that is um adopted okay It is something that is um adopted okay or enforced but over generations right or enforced but over generations right or enforced but over generations right over the centuries it becomes part of over the centuries it becomes part of over the centuries it becomes part of your tradition right so what is religion religion okay people okay what do we know that okay people okay what do we know that okay people okay what do we know that people are loyal to people are loyal to people are loyal to people are loyal to people are loyal to people are loyal to their home right their their home right their their home right their land that's true right people like being land that's true right people like being land that's true right people like being in a place they they don't want to move. in a place they they don't want to move. in a place they they don't want to move. Most people in the world don't want to Most people in the world don't want to Most people in the world don't want to move. If you give people the choice of move. If you give people the choice of move. If you give people the choice of like of Chinese the choice of like just like of Chinese the choice of like just like of Chinese the choice of like just moving to America, you think everyone moving to America, you think everyone moving to America, you think everyone would go, but no, no, no. Most people would go, but no, no, no. Most people would go, but no, no, no. Most people would not go because they want to live would not go because they want to live would not go because they want to live where they grew up. Okay? So, they're where they grew up. Okay? So, they're where they grew up. Okay? So, they're loyal to the land, but they're loyal to loyal to the land, but they're loyal to loyal to the land, but they're loyal to the the the family, they're loyal to um family, they're loyal to um family, they're loyal to um tradition or tradition or tradition or culture, they're loyal to food. culture, they're loyal to food. culture, they're loyal to food. Okay. Right. This is true for most Okay. Right. This is true for most Okay. Right. This is true for most people. If you grew up eating, I don't people. If you grew up eating, I don't people. If you grew up eating, I don't know, know, know, rice, you don't want to eat potatoes. rice, you don't want to eat potatoes. rice, you don't want to eat potatoes. You want to eat rice. Okay. So, what You want to eat rice. Okay. So, what You want to eat rice. Okay. So, what this tells us is this tells us is this tells us is that people are first and that people are first and that people are first and foremost people of habit. Okay? Does foremost people of habit. Okay? Does foremost people of habit. Okay? Does that make sense? Why why are people of that make sense? Why why are people of that make sense? Why why are people of habit? Because this is a really habit? Because this is a really habit? Because this is a really important idea. Okay? Um, and I know important idea. Okay? Um, and I know important idea. Okay? Um, and I know this is a strange idea because it feels this is a strange idea because it feels this is a strange idea because it feels good. Do you understand? Because when good. Do you understand? Because when good. Do you understand? Because when you do something out of habit, you feel you do something out of habit, you feel you do something out of habit, you feel good about yourself. When you break this good about yourself. When you break this good about yourself. When you break this habit, you feel bad about yourself. And habit, you feel bad about yourself. And habit, you feel bad about yourself. And the way that the only way that you know the way that the only way that you know the way that the only way that you know if something is good or bad is how you if something is good or bad is how you if something is good or bad is how you feel about it. Okay? feel about it. Okay? feel about it. Okay? Right? Like you're eating rice and Right? Like you're eating rice and Right? Like you're eating rice and you're happy eating rice because you've you're happy eating rice because you've you're happy eating rice because you've been doing this all your life. But then been doing this all your life. But then been doing this all your life. But then and now you're you're eating potatoes and now you're you're eating potatoes and now you're you're eating potatoes and like it kind of tastes weird. But I and like it kind of tastes weird. But I and like it kind of tastes weird. But I tell you, hey, no, no, eating potatoes tell you, hey, no, no, eating potatoes tell you, hey, no, no, eating potatoes is better for you. It's how it's more is better for you. It's how it's more is better for you. It's how it's more more nutritious. It's cheaper. You don't more nutritious. It's cheaper. You don't more nutritious. It's cheaper. You don't care. Okay? It's all about feeling good. care. Okay? It's all about feeling good. care. Okay? It's all about feeling good. So, you resort to habit. And habit is in So, you resort to habit. And habit is in So, you resort to habit. And habit is in the land, the family, the tradition, and the land, the family, the tradition, and the land, the family, the tradition, and the food. Does that make sense? And the food. Does that make sense? And the food. Does that make sense? And guess guess guess what? These ideas are all encapsulated what? These ideas are all encapsulated what? These ideas are all encapsulated in religion. Because religion is what in religion. Because religion is what in religion. Because religion is what determines your culture, your food, it's determines your culture, your food, it's determines your culture, your food, it's what your family practices. It is your what your family practices. It is your what your family practices. It is your connection to your family. It's connection to your family. It's connection to your family. It's connection to your land. Okay? And connection to your land. Okay? And connection to your land. Okay? And that's why people will die for the that's why people will die for the that's why people will die for the religion because religion is really a religion because religion is really a religion because religion is really a metaphor or an encapsulation of all metaphor or an encapsulation of all metaphor or an encapsulation of all these things that people understand and these things that people understand and these things that people understand and know and know and know and love. Does that make sense? Okay. Now love. Does that make sense? Okay. Now love. Does that make sense? Okay. Now what you will learn in this class is what you will learn in this class is what you will learn in this class is people don't just don't die for religion people don't just don't die for religion people don't just don't die for religion they also die for ideas which they also die for ideas which they also die for ideas which include the include the include the nation right the nation state because nation right the nation state because nation right the nation state because all that because because what you will all that because because what you will all that because because what you will learn in this class is what the French learn in this class is what the French learn in this class is what the French revolution will do is sort a process revolution will do is sort a process revolution will do is sort a process where where where religion becomes part of the religion becomes part of the religion becomes part of the nation. our ideas of religion become nation. our ideas of religion become nation. our ideas of religion become transplanted into the transplanted into the transplanted into the nation. Okay? So people will also die nation. Okay? So people will also die nation. Okay? So people will also die for the nation. That's why you have for the nation. That's why you have for the nation. That's why you have these incredibly devastating wars like these incredibly devastating wars like these incredibly devastating wars like World War I and World War II where World War I and World War II where World War I and World War II where people will die for the nation. Okay? people will die for the nation. Okay? people will die for the nation. Okay? And they won't even think about it. But And they won't even think about it. But And they won't even think about it. But it starts in the it starts during the it starts in the it starts during the it starts in the it starts during the French Revolution. Okay? Does that make French Revolution. Okay? Does that make French Revolution. Okay? Does that make sense to you? Okay. Great. you Okay. All right. Good question. So you Okay. All right. Good question. So how can a religion be based on reason? how can a religion be based on reason? how can a religion be based on reason? All right. All right. All right. So traditionally religion is given us to by God. Okay? religion is given us to by God. Okay? Right? Every religion is like well we Right? Every religion is like well we Right? Every religion is like well we have this religion because God told us have this religion because God told us have this religion because God told us to believe in him. Okay? So so and the to believe in him. Okay? So so and the to believe in him. Okay? So so and the way you do that is through priests who then tell you what to priests who then tell you what to believe. Okay. So this is the way that believe. Okay. So this is the way that believe. Okay. So this is the way that most religion is practiced. Right? most religion is practiced. Right? most religion is practiced. Right? What the enlightenment thinkers are What the enlightenment thinkers are What the enlightenment thinkers are saying especially Rouso is no no no no saying especially Rouso is no no no no saying especially Rouso is no no no no no this system doesn't really work right no this system doesn't really work right no this system doesn't really work right because you have reason and therefore you have the reason and therefore you have the capacity to access God so you don't capacity to access God so you don't capacity to access God so you don't really need priest right so we can just really need priest right so we can just really need priest right so we can just think think think reasonably what religion should be like reasonably what religion should be like reasonably what religion should be like and from principles you can deduce and from principles you can deduce and from principles you can deduce the the the religion, right? Okay, does that make religion, right? Okay, does that make religion, right? Okay, does that make sense? Now, if you just reason from sense? Now, if you just reason from sense? Now, if you just reason from first principles about religion should first principles about religion should first principles about religion should be like, what are they? Well, first of be like, what are they? Well, first of be like, what are they? Well, first of all, there is a God. Okay, first of all, all, there is a God. Okay, first of all, all, there is a God. Okay, first of all, there is a God. Second of all is that there is a God. Second of all is that there is a God. Second of all is that there is heaven and hell. You do good there is heaven and hell. You do good there is heaven and hell. You do good things, you go to heaven. If you do bad things, you go to heaven. If you do bad things, you go to heaven. If you do bad things, you go to hell. Right? That's things, you go to hell. Right? That's things, you go to hell. Right? That's second thing. Third thing second thing. Third thing second thing. Third thing is good people go to heaven. Therefore, is good people go to heaven. Therefore, is good people go to heaven. Therefore, you should do good. Okay? And then you should do good. Okay? And then you should do good. Okay? And then fourth would be fourth would be fourth would be like if you believe in these things, you like if you believe in these things, you like if you believe in these things, you are free to believe anything else. For are free to believe anything else. For are free to believe anything else. For example, you're like, I don't know, I I example, you're like, I don't know, I I example, you're like, I don't know, I I believe that animals have the same believe that animals have the same believe that animals have the same rights as humans. Well, that doesn't rights as humans. Well, that doesn't rights as humans. Well, that doesn't contradict what we already believe. contradict what we already believe. contradict what we already believe. Therefore, you can believe that animals Therefore, you can believe that animals Therefore, you can believe that animals can go to heaven as well. Okay, do you can go to heaven as well. Okay, do you can go to heaven as well. Okay, do you understand? So what Russo is saying is understand? So what Russo is saying is understand? So what Russo is saying is that for just from general principles that for just from general principles that for just from general principles just because just if you're able to just because just if you're able to just because just if you're able to exercise reason by yourself you you exercise reason by yourself you you exercise reason by yourself you you should be able to deduce the basic should be able to deduce the basic should be able to deduce the basic principles of an organized state principles of an organized state principles of an organized state religion and that's what he does in in religion and that's what he does in in religion and that's what he does in in the social contract and it becomes a the social contract and it becomes a the social contract and it becomes a basis again for the French revolution. basis again for the French revolution. basis again for the French revolution. Okay does that make Okay does that make Okay does that make sense? All sense? All sense? All right any more questions? Okay. Um right any more questions? Okay. Um right any more questions? Okay. Um great. Okay. So I apologize for um the great. Okay. So I apologize for um the great. Okay. So I apologize for um the length of this class but but the French length of this class but but the French length of this class but but the French solution is really complicated and I solution is really complicated and I solution is really complicated and I really need to explain some basic ideas really need to explain some basic ideas really need to explain some basic ideas to you. Okay. So next class we'll do to you. Okay. So next class we'll do to you. Okay. So next class we'll do roast pier, right?