So we continue the French Revolution So we continue the French Revolution today and uh last class we looked at today and uh last class we looked at today and uh last class we looked at Jeanjac Rouso and how he is the Jeanjac Rouso and how he is the Jeanjac Rouso and how he is the philosopher poet of the revolution. He philosopher poet of the revolution. He philosopher poet of the revolution. He provided the um dream okay for the provided the um dream okay for the provided the um dream okay for the revolution. He told the French that revolution. He told the French that revolution. He told the French that there was a promised land of reason there was a promised land of reason there was a promised land of reason where if you use your reason, which is where if you use your reason, which is where if you use your reason, which is God's gift to us, you could build a new God's gift to us, you could build a new God's gift to us, you could build a new society, a utopia, a kingdom, a kingdom society, a utopia, a kingdom, a kingdom society, a utopia, a kingdom, a kingdom on earth. In today's class, we will look on earth. In today's class, we will look on earth. In today's class, we will look at Robespier, Maximian Robepier, who is at Robespier, Maximian Robepier, who is at Robespier, Maximian Robepier, who is a prophet who will take his people into a prophet who will take his people into a prophet who will take his people into the promised land. All right? So he is the promised land. All right? So he is the promised land. All right? So he is the main instigator the main instigator the main instigator uh the main leader of the French uh the main leader of the French uh the main leader of the French Revolution. And um I'm going to make a Revolution. And um I'm going to make a Revolution. And um I'm going to make a very strange argument today about Rose very strange argument today about Rose very strange argument today about Rose Pier that no one has made before. So Pier that no one has made before. So Pier that no one has made before. So it's going to be very controversial. it's going to be very controversial. it's going to be very controversial. It's going to be very strange. So um I It's going to be very strange. So um I It's going to be very strange. So um I will do this very slowly. Okay. will do this very slowly. Okay. will do this very slowly. Okay. Basically, I'm gonna make the argument Basically, I'm gonna make the argument Basically, I'm gonna make the argument to you that Rose Pier saw himself as the to you that Rose Pier saw himself as the to you that Rose Pier saw himself as the second coming of second coming of second coming of Jesus. And because he did so, he sacrificed himself in order to so, he sacrificed himself in order to save the French Revolution. Okay? So, save the French Revolution. Okay? So, save the French Revolution. Okay? So, that's my argument to you today. Again, that's my argument to you today. Again, that's my argument to you today. Again, it's going to be a very controversial, it's going to be a very controversial, it's going to be a very controversial, provocative argument. So, I will work provocative argument. So, I will work provocative argument. So, I will work very slowly to explain it. All right. very slowly to explain it. All right. very slowly to explain it. All right. Okay. So, let's go over some um let's Okay. So, let's go over some um let's Okay. So, let's go over some um let's review some information we discussed review some information we discussed review some information we discussed last class that's very important. Okay. last class that's very important. Okay. last class that's very important. Okay. So, as we discussed last class, So, as we discussed last class, So, as we discussed last class, traditionally in Europe, there have been traditionally in Europe, there have been traditionally in Europe, there have been two major groups of people. Okay. There two major groups of people. Okay. There two major groups of people. Okay. There there are the there are the there are the peasants and the peasants and the peasants and the poor and the slaves. Okay. So, basically poor and the slaves. Okay. So, basically poor and the slaves. Okay. So, basically the lower class, the underclass. And the lower class, the underclass. And the lower class, the underclass. And then at the top are the then at the top are the then at the top are the nobility and nobility and nobility and clergy. Now there's always been towns clergy. Now there's always been towns clergy. Now there's always been towns people. There's always been merchants people. There's always been merchants people. There's always been merchants and artisans and crafts people, but and artisans and crafts people, but and artisans and crafts people, but they're in the minority. But because of they're in the minority. But because of they're in the minority. But because of the gunpowder revolution, as Europe the gunpowder revolution, as Europe the gunpowder revolution, as Europe begins to industrialize, begins to industrialize, begins to industrialize, um these people are growing in number um these people are growing in number um these people are growing in number and in influence and in power. Okay? And and in influence and in power. Okay? And and in influence and in power. Okay? And we call these people today the middle we call these people today the middle we call these people today the middle class. And the middle class, it's an extremely And the middle class, it's an extremely diverse diverse diverse uh group of people. And you uh group of people. And you uh group of people. And you can simplify the middle class into three can simplify the middle class into three can simplify the middle class into three major categories. Okay? There's the major categories. Okay? There's the major categories. Okay? There's the boujo. The bouro remember are the elite boujo. The bouro remember are the elite boujo. The bouro remember are the elite of the town. So these are bankers, of the town. So these are bankers, of the town. So these are bankers, lawyers, lawyers, lawyers, doctors, factory owners, doctors, factory owners, doctors, factory owners, um industrialists, merchants. Okay. So um industrialists, merchants. Okay. So um industrialists, merchants. Okay. So they are the elite they are the elite they are the elite of a of a of a town. Then you town. Then you town. Then you have what what we call later the have what what we call later the have what what we call later the politariat. Okay. The polletariat um are politariat. Okay. The polletariat um are politariat. Okay. The polletariat um are the lower class of a town. They include the lower class of a town. They include the lower class of a town. They include artisans, artisans, artisans, uh, uh, uh, workers, okay? They're often the workers, okay? They're often the workers, okay? They're often the majority. And then in between are what majority. And then in between are what majority. And then in between are what we call the petite we call the petite we call the petite boujo or the petty middle class. And boujo or the petty middle class. And boujo or the petty middle class. And these are just people who are just stuck these are just people who are just stuck these are just people who are just stuck in between these two major categories. in between these two major categories. in between these two major categories. and they include um school and they include um school and they include um school teachers, journalists, teachers, journalists, teachers, journalists, um small lawyers, okay, um small lawyers, okay, um small lawyers, okay, notaries, small business owners, okay? notaries, small business owners, okay? notaries, small business owners, okay? So this is extremely diverse group of So this is extremely diverse group of So this is extremely diverse group of people. Okay. Now and as we discussed people. Okay. Now and as we discussed people. Okay. Now and as we discussed last last last class, what often happens in revolution class, what often happens in revolution class, what often happens in revolution is that is is that is is that is that the Portuguese will often be the that the Portuguese will often be the that the Portuguese will often be the become the counter elites. The counter become the counter elites. The counter become the counter elites. The counter elites are just those who lead the elites are just those who lead the elites are just those who lead the people to revolt against the people to revolt against the people to revolt against the elites. The proletariat will be the elites. The proletariat will be the elites. The proletariat will be the muscle or the muscle or the muscle or the army. Okay? And the borso Z are in a army. Okay? And the borso Z are in a army. Okay? And the borso Z are in a very unstable position because at first very unstable position because at first very unstable position because at first they they will often support revolutions they they will often support revolutions they they will often support revolutions because they want more political power because they want more political power because they want more political power but over time they will uh become but over time they will uh become but over time they will uh become reactionaries or they will try to reactionaries or they will try to reactionaries or they will try to control the revolution or even kill the control the revolution or even kill the control the revolution or even kill the revolution because the revolution is revolution because the revolution is revolution because the revolution is threatening threatening their economic threatening threatening their economic threatening threatening their economic interests. Okay. So this is the pattern interests. Okay. So this is the pattern interests. Okay. So this is the pattern that we see in human history. Okay. So that we see in human history. Okay. So that we see in human history. Okay. So um let's let's go over some terms that um let's let's go over some terms that um let's let's go over some terms that we will need in order to understand the we will need in order to understand the we will need in order to understand the French Revolution. Okay. this. The middle class is growing in this. The middle class is growing in France throughout the 17th and 18th France throughout the 17th and 18th France throughout the 17th and 18th century. In fact, they become the main century. In fact, they become the main century. In fact, they become the main economic engine for France. At this time, France engine for France. At this time, France is the most populous, the wealthiest is the most populous, the wealthiest is the most populous, the wealthiest nation in all of Europe. But it is an nation in all of Europe. But it is an nation in all of Europe. But it is an absolute monarchy. An absolute monarchy absolute monarchy. An absolute monarchy absolute monarchy. An absolute monarchy is one in which the king makes all the is one in which the king makes all the is one in which the king makes all the decisions. He decides whether or not to decisions. He decides whether or not to decisions. He decides whether or not to go to war. He decides who has the power. go to war. He decides who has the power. go to war. He decides who has the power. He decides who has to pay taxes. Okay, He decides who has to pay taxes. Okay, He decides who has to pay taxes. Okay, he has absolute power. an absolute he has absolute power. an absolute he has absolute power. an absolute monarchy. The absolute monarchy. The absolute monarchy. The absolute monarchy leads France into a series of monarchy leads France into a series of monarchy leads France into a series of disastrous wars in this in the 18th disastrous wars in this in the 18th disastrous wars in this in the 18th century. The most prominent, the most century. The most prominent, the most century. The most prominent, the most important is something called the Seven important is something called the Seven important is something called the Seven Years War fought between France and Years War fought between France and Years War fought between France and England primarily. There are other England primarily. There are other England primarily. There are other participants as well. And this is a participants as well. And this is a participants as well. And this is a world war. Okay, this is really the world war. Okay, this is really the world war. Okay, this is really the first world war. You you can actually first world war. You you can actually first world war. You you can actually call this world war zero. It's fought call this world war zero. It's fought call this world war zero. It's fought all all around the world in North all all around the world in North all all around the world in North America, in Europe, um in Asia. It's America, in Europe, um in Asia. It's America, in Europe, um in Asia. It's fought everywhere. And France loses this fought everywhere. And France loses this fought everywhere. And France loses this war. Okay? When you lose the war, you war. Okay? When you lose the war, you war. Okay? When you lose the war, you incur a lot of debt. But not only that, incur a lot of debt. But not only that, incur a lot of debt. But not only that, right after seven years war, France right after seven years war, France right after seven years war, France sponsors the American sponsors the American sponsors the American Revolution. Okay? So, France becomes the Revolution. Okay? So, France becomes the Revolution. Okay? So, France becomes the main uh uh economic, political, and main uh uh economic, political, and main uh uh economic, political, and military sponsor of the Americans in the military sponsor of the Americans in the military sponsor of the Americans in the revolution against the British. And of revolution against the British. And of revolution against the British. And of course, the Americans win this war when course, the Americans win this war when course, the Americans win this war when the Americans refuse to pay back the the Americans refuse to pay back the the Americans refuse to pay back the debt that they owe to the French. Okay, debt that they owe to the French. Okay, debt that they owe to the French. Okay, so these are two major wars that are now so these are two major wars that are now so these are two major wars that are now that have now left um France in very that have now left um France in very that have now left um France in very dire economic straits. In fact, their dire economic straits. In fact, their dire economic straits. In fact, their treasury, it's empty. Okay, the treasury, it's empty. Okay, the treasury, it's empty. Okay, the government has no more money. Food government has no more money. Food government has no more money. Food prices are um off the charts. People prices are um off the charts. People prices are um off the charts. People don't have enough to eat. There's no don't have enough to eat. There's no don't have enough to eat. There's no bread. the economies in bread. the economies in bread. the economies in tatters. Okay. So what the king needs to tatters. Okay. So what the king needs to tatters. Okay. So what the king needs to do now is he needs to do now is he needs to do now is he needs to call an assembly of the people. Okay. call an assembly of the people. Okay. call an assembly of the people. Okay. And this and this what's called the And this and this what's called the And this and this what's called the estate general. The estate general. This estate general. The estate general. This estate general. The estate general. This happens in the happens in the happens in the year year year 1789. And this marks the beginning of 1789. And this marks the beginning of 1789. And this marks the beginning of the French Revolution. And the purpose the French Revolution. And the purpose the French Revolution. And the purpose for this estate general, it's very for this estate general, it's very for this estate general, it's very simple. All the king wants to do is get simple. All the king wants to do is get simple. All the king wants to do is get these people, the nobility, the clergy these people, the nobility, the clergy these people, the nobility, the clergy and the middle class B to agree to give and the middle class B to agree to give and the middle class B to agree to give them more money, okay? To pay more them more money, okay? To pay more them more money, okay? To pay more taxes, to replenish the taxes, to replenish the taxes, to replenish the treasury. Of treasury. Of treasury. Of course, the middle class, everyone in course, the middle class, everyone in course, the middle class, everyone in the middle class is like, "This is a bad the middle class is like, "This is a bad the middle class is like, "This is a bad deal for us. We are the main economic deal for us. We are the main economic deal for us. We are the main economic engine for France. We pay the most engine for France. We pay the most engine for France. We pay the most taxes. We do the most work, but we have taxes. We do the most work, but we have taxes. We do the most work, but we have no political power. no political power. no political power. Therefore, we should have some political Therefore, we should have some political Therefore, we should have some political power. In fact, we should check the power. In fact, we should check the power. In fact, we should check the power of the king to uh declare war and power of the king to uh declare war and power of the king to uh declare war and to raise taxes. Okay? So, they want a to raise taxes. Okay? So, they want a to raise taxes. Okay? So, they want a constitutional constitutional constitutional monarchy. No, at this time in history, monarchy. No, at this time in history, monarchy. No, at this time in history, no one is saying that they should depose no one is saying that they should depose no one is saying that they should depose a king and declare republic. No one is a king and declare republic. No one is a king and declare republic. No one is saying that. Okay? All they want is a saying that. Okay? All they want is a saying that. Okay? All they want is a more more more um def a greater diffusion of power. All um def a greater diffusion of power. All um def a greater diffusion of power. All right? Less power for the king, more right? Less power for the king, more right? Less power for the king, more power for the people. That makes sense. power for the people. That makes sense. power for the people. That makes sense. Okay? But of course, the king and the Okay? But of course, the king and the Okay? But of course, the king and the elite don't really like this elite don't really like this elite don't really like this idea. And the king um this is Louis the idea. And the king um this is Louis the idea. And the king um this is Louis the 16th and he's very indic 16th and he's very indic 16th and he's very indic indecisive. Okay? He wants to maintain indecisive. Okay? He wants to maintain indecisive. Okay? He wants to maintain the absolute monarchy but he lacks the the absolute monarchy but he lacks the the absolute monarchy but he lacks the cutthroat mentality mentality that that cutthroat mentality mentality that that cutthroat mentality mentality that that he would need to u he would need to u he would need to u achieve um his power. Okay. So he should achieve um his power. Okay. So he should achieve um his power. Okay. So he should have sent in the military to kill have sent in the military to kill have sent in the military to kill everyone but he didn't want to do that. everyone but he didn't want to do that. everyone but he didn't want to do that. He he goes back and forth. Okay. And so He he goes back and forth. Okay. And so He he goes back and forth. Okay. And so what happens is now the estates general what happens is now the estates general what happens is now the estates general breaks off. In the estate general there breaks off. In the estate general there breaks off. In the estate general there are three estates. Okay. Three major are three estates. Okay. Three major are three estates. Okay. Three major groups. There's the no the first estate groups. There's the no the first estate groups. There's the no the first estate is called the clergy, the Catholic is called the clergy, the Catholic is called the clergy, the Catholic Church. The second estate is the Church. The second estate is the Church. The second estate is the nobility. The third estate is everyone nobility. The third estate is everyone nobility. The third estate is everyone else, the commoners. Okay? So what else, the commoners. Okay? So what else, the commoners. Okay? So what happens is the third estate breaks off happens is the third estate breaks off happens is the third estate breaks off and they form something called the and they form something called the and they form something called the national assembly. And they use national national assembly. And they use national national assembly. And they use national assembly as a mechanism to press for assembly as a mechanism to press for assembly as a mechanism to press for more rights. And the national assembly more rights. And the national assembly more rights. And the national assembly because it's made up of most of the because it's made up of most of the because it's made up of most of the members of the middle class. You have members of the middle class. You have members of the middle class. You have different groups. of the politariat the different groups. of the politariat the different groups. of the politariat the petite boujo the boujo petite boujo the boujo petite boujo the boujo um they argue amongst themselves as um they argue amongst themselves as um they argue amongst themselves as well. So what what's happening now is well. So what what's happening now is well. So what what's happening now is that within the national assembly these that within the national assembly these that within the national assembly these political groups political clubs are political groups political clubs are political groups political clubs are forming in order to deise strategy and forming in order to deise strategy and forming in order to deise strategy and to consolidate to consolidate to consolidate um ideology amongst themselves. Okay. um ideology amongst themselves. Okay. um ideology amongst themselves. Okay. And the most famous of these clubs is And the most famous of these clubs is And the most famous of these clubs is are called the you guys remember the are called the you guys remember the are called the you guys remember the jackabins, right? Have you guys studied jackabins, right? Have you guys studied jackabins, right? Have you guys studied this this this history? Okay. The jackabins. Oh, history? Okay. The jackabins. Oh, history? Okay. The jackabins. Oh, anyway, the jackabins. The anyway, the jackabins. The anyway, the jackabins. The jackabins. And this is just a meeting jackabins. And this is just a meeting jackabins. And this is just a meeting place for um revolutionaries to come place for um revolutionaries to come place for um revolutionaries to come together and discuss ideology. How do we together and discuss ideology. How do we together and discuss ideology. How do we best proceed? Now, over time, as a best proceed? Now, over time, as a best proceed? Now, over time, as a revolution revolution revolution develops, the Jacobins will split off develops, the Jacobins will split off develops, the Jacobins will split off into other groups. Okay. Um and the the into other groups. Okay. Um and the the into other groups. Okay. Um and the the reason why they split off is because the reason why they split off is because the reason why they split off is because the economic interests the political economic interests the political economic interests the political economic social interests of these economic social interests of these economic social interests of these different groups do not align with each different groups do not align with each different groups do not align with each other. All right. So from the Jacobins other. All right. So from the Jacobins other. All right. So from the Jacobins you will emerge the you will emerge the you will emerge the fins. The fins represent the fins. The fins represent the fins. The fins represent the boujoee. They don't want any economic boujoee. They don't want any economic boujoee. They don't want any economic change. They want political change. They change. They want political change. They change. They want political change. They don't want to um have a more equal don't want to um have a more equal don't want to um have a more equal society. They just want more power over society. They just want more power over society. They just want more power over the king. Okay. So these are the king. Okay. So these are the king. Okay. So these are conservatives. But then you will also conservatives. But then you will also conservatives. But then you will also emerge the Girundins. Girundins. The emerge the Girundins. Girundins. The emerge the Girundins. Girundins. The Girundins are lower bouroi. These are Girundins are lower bouroi. These are Girundins are lower bouroi. These are merchants. These are trades people. And merchants. These are trades people. And merchants. These are trades people. And what they want is what they want is what they want is war. They want France to declare war war. They want France to declare war war. They want France to declare war against their enemies Austria, Prussia against their enemies Austria, Prussia against their enemies Austria, Prussia basically. And and the reason why is if basically. And and the reason why is if basically. And and the reason why is if there's war, they can make money off there's war, they can make money off there's war, they can make money off war. Okay? Because these are merchants, war. Okay? Because these are merchants, war. Okay? Because these are merchants, these are trades people. Um these are these are trades people. Um these are these are trades people. Um these are industrialists. So they see war as an industrialists. So they see war as an industrialists. So they see war as an opportunity to enrich themselves. opportunity to enrich themselves. opportunity to enrich themselves. They're speculators basically. And these They're speculators basically. And these They're speculators basically. And these are called the dironians. And then you are called the dironians. And then you are called the dironians. And then you will also emerge the will also emerge the will also emerge the cordelers. And the cordelers represent a cordelers. And the cordelers represent a cordelers. And the cordelers represent a more extreme faction of the Jacobins who more extreme faction of the Jacobins who more extreme faction of the Jacobins who want universal suffrage. They want the want universal suffrage. They want the want universal suffrage. They want the polletariat to have more rights. Okay. polletariat to have more rights. Okay. polletariat to have more rights. Okay. Um at this point the Um at this point the Um at this point the polletariat is called the san polletariat is called the san polletariat is called the san kulat. The s kulots. Okay. These are kulat. The s kulots. Okay. These are kulat. The s kulots. Okay. These are very important people because they very important people because they very important people because they provide the muscle for the revolution. provide the muscle for the revolution. provide the muscle for the revolution. Sulot is French meaning without Sulot is French meaning without Sulot is French meaning without breaches. So the custom at that time is breaches. So the custom at that time is breaches. So the custom at that time is that if you are a middle class person that if you are a middle class person that if you are a middle class person you wear like silk socks. Okay. But you wear like silk socks. Okay. But you wear like silk socks. Okay. But they're expensive. So uh the middle the they're expensive. So uh the middle the they're expensive. So uh the middle the lower class and polletitariat they they lower class and polletitariat they they lower class and polletitariat they they don't they cannot afford these socks. don't they cannot afford these socks. don't they cannot afford these socks. Therefore they're called the s kolat Therefore they're called the s kolat Therefore they're called the s kolat okay the s okay the s okay the s kulat and the colers want to galvanize kulat and the colers want to galvanize kulat and the colers want to galvanize these people to create a full revolution these people to create a full revolution these people to create a full revolution where the complete social economic where the complete social economic where the complete social economic political and religious order is political and religious order is political and religious order is overthrown. Okay. Then you have people overthrown. Okay. Then you have people overthrown. Okay. Then you have people call the herpertists and what they want to do is herpertists and what they want to do is overthrow the Catholic Church. Okay? So overthrow the Catholic Church. Okay? So overthrow the Catholic Church. Okay? So throughout this revolution over time you throughout this revolution over time you throughout this revolution over time you have different groups emerging with have different groups emerging with have different groups emerging with different political interests within the different political interests within the different political interests within the middle class. Okay? Does that make middle class. Okay? Does that make middle class. Okay? Does that make sense? But at the same time you have threats to the revolution. time you have threats to the revolution. Okay. So the main threat is the king Okay. So the main threat is the king Okay. So the main threat is the king because a king he's a bourbon and his because a king he's a bourbon and his because a king he's a bourbon and his brother his brother is king of Spain. He brother his brother is king of Spain. He brother his brother is king of Spain. He has relatives all over Europe. So he has relatives all over Europe. So he has relatives all over Europe. So he writes to Austria Prussia to ask for writes to Austria Prussia to ask for writes to Austria Prussia to ask for aid. Can you come in send your army and aid. Can you come in send your army and aid. Can you come in send your army and crush this revolution for me because my crush this revolution for me because my crush this revolution for me because my army is not listening to me. Okay. So army is not listening to me. Okay. So army is not listening to me. Okay. So the king is conspiring against the the king is conspiring against the the king is conspiring against the revolution. There are these invasions revolution. There are these invasions revolution. There are these invasions from Austria and Prussia. Okay. And then from Austria and Prussia. Okay. And then from Austria and Prussia. Okay. And then England also sees the revolution as a England also sees the revolution as a England also sees the revolution as a threat as well because remember every threat as well because remember every threat as well because remember every nation has a middle class and they're nation has a middle class and they're nation has a middle class and they're afraid that the middle class in their afraid that the middle class in their afraid that the middle class in their nations will rise up against them as nations will rise up against them as nations will rise up against them as well. So you have these external threats well. So you have these external threats well. So you have these external threats coming in and then you also have coming in and then you also have coming in and then you also have internal threats. Okay, you have internal threats. Okay, you have internal threats. Okay, you have counterrevolutionaries, the nobility who counterrevolutionaries, the nobility who counterrevolutionaries, the nobility who try to raise their own armies to crush try to raise their own armies to crush try to raise their own armies to crush revolution. You also have economic revolution. You also have economic revolution. You also have economic collapse going on. Okay. So, so the collapse going on. Okay. So, so the collapse going on. Okay. So, so the revolution at this point in the year revolution at this point in the year revolution at this point in the year 1990, 1991, it seems threatened. So, 1990, 1991, it seems threatened. So, 1990, 1991, it seems threatened. So, what happens is that someone what happens is that someone what happens is that someone emerges from this chaos to lead the emerges from this chaos to lead the emerges from this chaos to lead the revolution and his name is Maxmillian revolution and his name is Maxmillian revolution and his name is Maxmillian Robespierre. Okay, Maxmillian Robespier. and Ropes Pierre he is just a Robespier. and Ropes Pierre he is just a provincial lawyer okay he is not from provincial lawyer okay he is not from provincial lawyer okay he is not from Paris he is from Ara um a province in Paris he is from Ara um a province in Paris he is from Ara um a province in France he's a lawyer and he's part of France he's a lawyer and he's part of France he's a lawyer and he's part of the petite the petite the petite boujo and he's not imposing he's not boujo and he's not imposing he's not boujo and he's not imposing he's not huge he's he's not he's not powerful he huge he's he's not he's not powerful he huge he's he's not he's not powerful he doesn't have a faction behind him and doesn't have a faction behind him and doesn't have a faction behind him and he's not extremely charismatic he he he he's not extremely charismatic he he he he's not extremely charismatic he he he he's almost like a he's almost like a he's almost like a nerd but the thing about ropier is that nerd but the thing about ropier is that nerd but the thing about ropier is that he is completely convinced vinced that he is completely convinced vinced that he is completely convinced vinced that the the the revolution must win and it will win if revolution must win and it will win if revolution must win and it will win if he works hard enough. He works 18 hours he works hard enough. He works 18 hours he works hard enough. He works 18 hours a day. The moment he gets up, he works. a day. The moment he gets up, he works. a day. The moment he gets up, he works. He gives speeches. He he gives over 500 He gives speeches. He he gives over 500 He gives speeches. He he gives over 500 speeches in the National Assembly over speeches in the National Assembly over speeches in the National Assembly over his career. Um he is extremely his career. Um he is extremely his career. Um he is extremely virtuous. He's he he comes to Paris with virtuous. He's he he comes to Paris with virtuous. He's he he comes to Paris with no money and he leaves Paris with no no money and he leaves Paris with no no money and he leaves Paris with no money. his entire career as a lawyer money. his entire career as a lawyer money. his entire career as a lawyer back in his hometown he spent defending back in his hometown he spent defending back in his hometown he spent defending the poor and the weak against the the poor and the weak against the the poor and the weak against the powerful and he has very clear ideas powerful and he has very clear ideas powerful and he has very clear ideas about how to to proceed with the about how to to proceed with the about how to to proceed with the revolution based on Jeanjac Rouso. Okay, revolution based on Jeanjac Rouso. Okay, revolution based on Jeanjac Rouso. Okay, he sees himself as a disciple of Jeanjac he sees himself as a disciple of Jeanjac he sees himself as a disciple of Jeanjac Rouso. Okay, remember last class we Rouso. Okay, remember last class we Rouso. Okay, remember last class we looked at Rouso's ideas and and how to looked at Rouso's ideas and and how to looked at Rouso's ideas and and how to implement um a kingdom of reason. Okay, implement um a kingdom of reason. Okay, implement um a kingdom of reason. Okay, so so so um Roses Pier because he is the most um Roses Pier because he is the most um Roses Pier because he is the most virtuous, he is the most um he has the virtuous, he is the most um he has the virtuous, he is the most um he has the most conviction, he becomes the de facto most conviction, he becomes the de facto most conviction, he becomes the de facto leader of the revolution. Okay. uh he leader of the revolution. Okay. uh he leader of the revolution. Okay. uh he becomes head of something called the becomes head of something called the becomes head of something called the committee for public safety and it's not committee for public safety and it's not committee for public safety and it's not a dictator it's not a dictatorship okay a dictator it's not a dictatorship okay a dictator it's not a dictatorship okay he's not a dictator but he's head of a he's not a dictator but he's head of a he's not a dictator but he's head of a comm committee that advises national comm committee that advises national comm committee that advises national assembly on how to proceed and because assembly on how to proceed and because assembly on how to proceed and because he he is the most forceful he has the he he is the most forceful he has the he he is the most forceful he has the most ideas his ideas usually win most ideas his ideas usually win most ideas his ideas usually win out okay and what and over time as he out okay and what and over time as he out okay and what and over time as he accumulates more and more power he makes accumulates more and more power he makes accumulates more and more power he makes more more radical proposals. His most more more radical proposals. His most more more radical proposals. His most radical propo proposal is called the radical propo proposal is called the radical propo proposal is called the reign of reign of reign of terror. The reign of terror is a time of terror. The reign of terror is a time of terror. The reign of terror is a time of mass mass execution. Okay. The mass mass execution. Okay. The mass mass execution. Okay. The guillotine in guillotine in guillotine in Paris to in order to sol solidify the Paris to in order to sol solidify the Paris to in order to sol solidify the revolution in order to advance the the revolution in order to advance the the revolution in order to advance the the revolution says we must instill terror revolution says we must instill terror revolution says we must instill terror in our enemies. in our enemies. in our enemies. We must investigate our enemies and We must investigate our enemies and We must investigate our enemies and execute them if they are plotting with execute them if they are plotting with execute them if they are plotting with the king against us. If they are the king against us. If they are the king against us. If they are plotting with enemies against us. If plotting with enemies against us. If plotting with enemies against us. If they are conspiring against us. If they they are conspiring against us. If they they are conspiring against us. If they are engaged in economic speculation. If are engaged in economic speculation. If are engaged in economic speculation. If they're hoarding food. These are all they're hoarding food. These are all they're hoarding food. These are all enemies. They're trying to sabotage the enemies. They're trying to sabotage the enemies. They're trying to sabotage the revolution. Therefore, we must kill revolution. Therefore, we must kill revolution. Therefore, we must kill them. Okay. So over a few years, three them. Okay. So over a few years, three them. Okay. So over a few years, three or four years, the ring of or four years, the ring of or four years, the ring of terror will terror will terror will kill at least 40,000 people within kill at least 40,000 people within kill at least 40,000 people within terrorists alone. Okay, we don't know in terrorists alone. Okay, we don't know in terrorists alone. Okay, we don't know in the provinces uh how how many people are the provinces uh how how many people are the provinces uh how how many people are killed. The reign of terror will also killed. The reign of terror will also killed. The reign of terror will also execute the king and execute the king and execute the king and queen. So they will kill the king and queen. So they will kill the king and queen. So they will kill the king and queen as well. queen as well. queen as well. All All All right. So, historians have been debating right. So, historians have been debating right. So, historians have been debating for a long time if the ring of terror uh for a long time if the ring of terror uh for a long time if the ring of terror uh was necessary because obvious obviously was necessary because obvious obviously was necessary because obvious obviously it's a terrible thing to kill tens of it's a terrible thing to kill tens of it's a terrible thing to kill tens of thousands of people for holding opposing thousands of people for holding opposing thousands of people for holding opposing political opinions. Okay. And a lot of political opinions. Okay. And a lot of political opinions. Okay. And a lot of these people were in fact just political these people were in fact just political these people were in fact just political enemies of ropes enemies of ropes enemies of ropes pier. Okay. So, how can we best pier. Okay. So, how can we best pier. Okay. So, how can we best understand the ring of terror? understand the ring of terror? understand the ring of terror? Well, if you think about it in this Well, if you think about it in this Well, if you think about it in this class, we we've actually studied the class, we we've actually studied the class, we we've actually studied the reign of terror before, okay? It's the reign of terror before, okay? It's the reign of terror before, okay? It's the idea of human sacrifice. And we've discussed this sacrifice. And we've discussed this before. Uh all societies engage in war before. Uh all societies engage in war before. Uh all societies engage in war preodern times practice human sacrifice. preodern times practice human sacrifice. preodern times practice human sacrifice. So, Romans did it, the Vik the Vikings So, Romans did it, the Vik the Vikings So, Romans did it, the Vik the Vikings did it, the Aztecs did it. Okay? The did it, the Aztecs did it. Okay? The did it, the Aztecs did it. Okay? The Aztecs were famous for for doing it. So, Aztecs were famous for for doing it. So, Aztecs were famous for for doing it. So, why would you do human sacrifice if why would you do human sacrifice if why would you do human sacrifice if you're engaged in war? Okay. Well, there you're engaged in war? Okay. Well, there you're engaged in war? Okay. Well, there are different reasons and there are are different reasons and there are are different reasons and there are three main reasons. The first reason is three main reasons. The first reason is three main reasons. The first reason is you want to unify and energize the you want to unify and energize the you want to unify and energize the people. Okay. When people. Okay. When people. Okay. When people observe or they watch human people observe or they watch human people observe or they watch human sacrifice, when they when they engage in sacrifice, when they when they engage in sacrifice, when they when they engage in a spectacle, they become much more a spectacle, they become much more a spectacle, they become much more excited. They be they have blood lust. excited. They be they have blood lust. excited. They be they have blood lust. Okay? We call this blood lust, war lust. Okay? We call this blood lust, war lust. Okay? We call this blood lust, war lust. They want to kill now. Okay? They got They want to kill now. Okay? They got They want to kill now. Okay? They got they're excited to kill. Okay? That's they're excited to kill. Okay? That's they're excited to kill. Okay? That's one purpose. Second purpose of course is one purpose. Second purpose of course is one purpose. Second purpose of course is to to to terrorize your enemy to put fear in your terrorize your enemy to put fear in your terrorize your enemy to put fear in your enemy. Okay, that's obvious. And then enemy. Okay, that's obvious. And then enemy. Okay, that's obvious. And then there's the third reason which is the there's the third reason which is the there's the third reason which is the most important. The third reason is to most important. The third reason is to most important. The third reason is to break taboo. Okay, the break the taboo. Okay, the break the taboo. When you break a taboo, you are taboo. When you break a taboo, you are taboo. When you break a taboo, you are signaling that you are crossing a signaling that you are crossing a signaling that you are crossing a boundary. You've crossed a line and you boundary. You've crossed a line and you boundary. You've crossed a line and you can never go back. You can no longer can never go back. You can no longer can never go back. You can no longer compromise. You can only move forward. compromise. You can only move forward. compromise. You can only move forward. Okay. So the taboo they broke in the Okay. So the taboo they broke in the Okay. So the taboo they broke in the French revolution is they kill the king French revolution is they kill the king French revolution is they kill the king and queen of and queen of and queen of France. That meant that now all of France. That meant that now all of France. That meant that now all of Europe would unite against the French Europe would unite against the French Europe would unite against the French and they would come and exact a bloody and they would come and exact a bloody and they would come and exact a bloody vengeance on the people of France. the vengeance on the people of France. the vengeance on the people of France. the enemies of France, which include enemies of France, which include enemies of France, which include England, the Netherlands, Prussia, England, the Netherlands, Prussia, England, the Netherlands, Prussia, Austria, Russia, the five most powerful Austria, Russia, the five most powerful Austria, Russia, the five most powerful nations in all of Europe, they would nations in all of Europe, they would nations in all of Europe, they would they they will now come and they will they they will now come and they will they they will now come and they will not stop until they have not stop until they have not stop until they have avenged the the the dead king and queen. avenged the the the dead king and queen. avenged the the the dead king and queen. Okay, they've because the French people Okay, they've because the French people Okay, they've because the French people have broken this taboo and the monarchs have broken this taboo and the monarchs have broken this taboo and the monarchs cannot cannot cannot allow the French people to get to to get allow the French people to get to to get allow the French people to get to to get away with this. Okay? Because if they away with this. Okay? Because if they away with this. Okay? Because if they did, then this would encourage their did, then this would encourage their did, then this would encourage their people to rise up against them as well. people to rise up against them as well. people to rise up against them as well. Okay? So by with the ring of terror, Okay? So by with the ring of terror, Okay? So by with the ring of terror, ropes breaks the taboo. And when you ropes breaks the taboo. And when you ropes breaks the taboo. And when you break the taboo, then you are now all break the taboo, then you are now all break the taboo, then you are now all in. You are fully committed to the in. You are fully committed to the in. You are fully committed to the revolution. There's no more of revolution. There's no more of revolution. There's no more of compromise. There's no more surrender. compromise. There's no more surrender. compromise. There's no more surrender. There's no more uh going back into the There's no more uh going back into the There's no more uh going back into the past. You are now in the promised land. past. You are now in the promised land. past. You are now in the promised land. You are now in a new world. you must You are now in a new world. you must You are now in a new world. you must fight to the death for this world. Okay, fight to the death for this world. Okay, fight to the death for this world. Okay, does that make sense? does that make sense? does that make sense? Okay, but what happens Okay, but what happens Okay, but what happens next? Um, and it's very strange is next? Um, and it's very strange is next? Um, and it's very strange is ropesier has accumulate all the power in ropesier has accumulate all the power in ropesier has accumulate all the power in France. He's not dictator. He doesn't France. He's not dictator. He doesn't France. He's not dictator. He doesn't have the powers to be a dictator, but have the powers to be a dictator, but have the powers to be a dictator, but he's de facto dictator. And at this he's de facto dictator. And at this he's de facto dictator. And at this point in his life, he's only like in his point in his life, he's only like in his point in his life, he's only like in his mid-30s. He could choose to become king, mid-30s. He could choose to become king, mid-30s. He could choose to become king, right? He could be like, you know what? right? He could be like, you know what? right? He could be like, you know what? For the revolution to fully succeed, I For the revolution to fully succeed, I For the revolution to fully succeed, I need to become the dictator. And the need to become the dictator. And the need to become the dictator. And the people, the S colot love him. The wins people, the S colot love him. The wins people, the S colot love him. The wins love him. He would win. Okay. But at love him. He would win. Okay. But at love him. He would win. Okay. But at this particular stage in the revolution, this particular stage in the revolution, this particular stage in the revolution, he he he decides to just sit at home. He goes decides to just sit at home. He goes decides to just sit at home. He goes into seclusion. He kind of gives up and into seclusion. He kind of gives up and into seclusion. He kind of gives up and this allow this gives time for his this allow this gives time for his this allow this gives time for his enemies to conspire against him and he enemies to conspire against him and he enemies to conspire against him and he has a lot of enemies because this is has a lot of enemies because this is has a lot of enemies because this is this is the ring of terror. Rose Pierre this is the ring of terror. Rose Pierre this is the ring of terror. Rose Pierre is virtuous and no one can be as is virtuous and no one can be as is virtuous and no one can be as virtuous as Robes Pierre and his enemies virtuous as Robes Pierre and his enemies virtuous as Robes Pierre and his enemies think this guy is crazy. He's going to think this guy is crazy. He's going to think this guy is crazy. He's going to kill kill kill everyone who is not as virtuous as he is everyone who is not as virtuous as he is everyone who is not as virtuous as he is and therefore we're all going to be and therefore we're all going to be and therefore we're all going to be killed at some point. Okay. So they try killed at some point. Okay. So they try killed at some point. Okay. So they try to they decide to act first. So the to they decide to act first. So the to they decide to act first. So the national assembly conspire to vote for national assembly conspire to vote for national assembly conspire to vote for his canon canonation. They vote for his his canon canonation. They vote for his his canon canonation. They vote for his death and he does not resist. The most death and he does not resist. The most death and he does not resist. The most he does is he goes to national assembly he does is he goes to national assembly he does is he goes to national assembly and he gives a speech cursing them all. and he gives a speech cursing them all. and he gives a speech cursing them all. Okay. And then but then afterwards they Okay. And then but then afterwards they Okay. And then but then afterwards they send uh soldiers to arrest him and he send uh soldiers to arrest him and he send uh soldiers to arrest him and he doesn't really resist and then he's sent doesn't really resist and then he's sent doesn't really resist and then he's sent off to the guillotine and then he's off to the guillotine and then he's off to the guillotine and then he's killed and that's the end of killed and that's the end of killed and that's the end of Rosepier and this is a mystery a paradox Rosepier and this is a mystery a paradox Rosepier and this is a mystery a paradox to historians like why did Rosier fall? to historians like why did Rosier fall? to historians like why did Rosier fall? Why didn't he Why didn't he Why didn't he resist? Why did he just give up? resist? Why did he just give up? resist? Why did he just give up? Okay. All right. So to answer this Okay. All right. So to answer this Okay. All right. So to answer this question, I'm going to provide you w question, I'm going to provide you w question, I'm going to provide you w with a new idea. Okay? And this is a with a new idea. Okay? And this is a with a new idea. Okay? And this is a hard idea. So please feel free to hard idea. So please feel free to hard idea. So please feel free to challenge me or ask questions. Make sure challenge me or ask questions. Make sure challenge me or ask questions. Make sure you're clear. Okay? All right. So the you're clear. Okay? All right. So the you're clear. Okay? All right. So the thing you you need to understand is thing you you need to understand is thing you you need to understand is this. In a time of revolution, when this. In a time of revolution, when this. In a time of revolution, when people reject people reject people reject authority, when people say, "I no longer authority, when people say, "I no longer authority, when people say, "I no longer believe in God. I refuse to listen to my believe in God. I refuse to listen to my believe in God. I refuse to listen to my priests." the nobility is evil. I refuse priests." the nobility is evil. I refuse priests." the nobility is evil. I refuse to submit to the to submit to the to submit to the king. The question then is what takes king. The question then is what takes king. The question then is what takes charge? What guides society now? And the charge? What guides society now? And the charge? What guides society now? And the answer is answer is answer is mythologies. Mythologies are the subconscious operating system of subconscious operating system of society. Okay, does that make sense? So, society. Okay, does that make sense? So, society. Okay, does that make sense? So, what mythology does everyone in France what mythology does everyone in France what mythology does everyone in France know? Well, the story of Jesus, right? know? Well, the story of Jesus, right? know? Well, the story of Jesus, right? What's the story of What's the story of What's the story of Jesus? Jesus? Jesus? Um, Um, Um, Jesus is Jesus is Jesus is persecuted for telling the truth, for persecuted for telling the truth, for persecuted for telling the truth, for trying to bring about a more equal, more trying to bring about a more equal, more trying to bring about a more equal, more just world. In fact, he is murdered. just world. In fact, he is murdered. just world. In fact, he is murdered. He's crucified. Okay? It's He's crucified. Okay? It's He's crucified. Okay? It's cru crucification. Okay? And the moment cru crucification. Okay? And the moment cru crucification. Okay? And the moment he's crucified, people discover that he's crucified, people discover that he's crucified, people discover that he's truly the son of God. And then after he dies, he ascends God. And then after he dies, he ascends to to to heaven where he wait he awaits a day heaven where he wait he awaits a day heaven where he wait he awaits a day when he has to return. Okay? And he does when he has to return. Okay? And he does when he has to return. Okay? And he does return in something called the second coming. Second coming. coming. Second coming. And the second coming, Jesus will become And the second coming, Jesus will become And the second coming, Jesus will become the god of war. Okay? The Messiah. And the god of war. Okay? The Messiah. And the god of war. Okay? The Messiah. And he will lead his people into victory he will lead his people into victory he will lead his people into victory against the entire against the entire against the entire world. And once he defeats the entire world. And once he defeats the entire world. And once he defeats the entire world, he will build a kingdom of world, he will build a kingdom of world, he will build a kingdom of heaven, a thousand years of peace. And heaven, a thousand years of peace. And heaven, a thousand years of peace. And then after a thousand years of peace, then after a thousand years of peace, then after a thousand years of peace, heaven will come onto earth. We will all heaven will come onto earth. We will all heaven will come onto earth. We will all become immortal. And those who have been become immortal. And those who have been become immortal. And those who have been good will live in heaven. those who have good will live in heaven. those who have good will live in heaven. those who have been bad will burn in hell. Okay, the been bad will burn in hell. Okay, the been bad will burn in hell. Okay, the final judgment. Okay, so that's a story, final judgment. Okay, so that's a story, final judgment. Okay, so that's a story, a mythology that everyone understands, a mythology that everyone understands, a mythology that everyone understands, that everyone knows in France. And so that everyone knows in France. And so that everyone knows in France. And so even though the French Revolution was a even though the French Revolution was a even though the French Revolution was a revolution of reason when they're trying revolution of reason when they're trying revolution of reason when they're trying to reject the Christian faith, the to reject the Christian faith, the to reject the Christian faith, the mythology is still implanted in their mythology is still implanted in their mythology is still implanted in their brains. And this mythology becomes the brains. And this mythology becomes the brains. And this mythology becomes the operating system of the French operating system of the French operating system of the French Revolution. Revolution. Revolution. Okay. So Okay. So Okay. So um using this um using this um using this mythology let's now ask mythology let's now ask mythology let's now ask ourselves what happened when Rosepier ourselves what happened when Rosepier ourselves what happened when Rosepier died. Okay three things happened when died. Okay three things happened when died. Okay three things happened when Rosepier Rosepier Rosepier died. The first one that happened died. The first one that happened died. The first one that happened is Rosepier became a scapegoat. Okay a scapegoat is someone scapegoat. Okay a scapegoat is someone who takes the blame for all the crimes who takes the blame for all the crimes who takes the blame for all the crimes of the community. So the ring of terror of the community. So the ring of terror of the community. So the ring of terror is when the Parisians killed 40,000 is when the Parisians killed 40,000 is when the Parisians killed 40,000 people and some of them were innocent. people and some of them were innocent. people and some of them were innocent. And when Rose Pier died, he took the And when Rose Pier died, he took the And when Rose Pier died, he took the blame for the ring of terror, right? blame for the ring of terror, right? blame for the ring of terror, right? They killed him because they call him a They killed him because they call him a They killed him because they call him a tyrant. He's the one responsible for tyrant. He's the one responsible for tyrant. He's the one responsible for those 40,000 deaths. And he said, "Sure, those 40,000 deaths. And he said, "Sure, those 40,000 deaths. And he said, "Sure, I'll take the blame." Okay? He becomes a I'll take the blame." Okay? He becomes a I'll take the blame." Okay? He becomes a scape. That's the first thing that scape. That's the first thing that scape. That's the first thing that happens. Second thing that happens is he happens. Second thing that happens is he happens. Second thing that happens is he becomes a martyr for the revolution. He becomes a martyr for the revolution. He becomes a martyr for the revolution. He died in order to save the revolution. died in order to save the revolution. died in order to save the revolution. Rose said to the people, "If you need me Rose said to the people, "If you need me Rose said to the people, "If you need me to die in order to cleanse you of your to die in order to cleanse you of your to die in order to cleanse you of your sins, then I will do so. And I will do sins, then I will do so. And I will do sins, then I will do so. And I will do so because what matters is not my life so because what matters is not my life so because what matters is not my life but the but the but the revolution." Okay? He becomes a revolution." Okay? He becomes a revolution." Okay? He becomes a martyr. And when he became a martyr, martyr. And when he became a martyr, martyr. And when he became a martyr, what he did was he made people feel what he did was he made people feel what he did was he made people feel guilty for having persecuted and killed guilty for having persecuted and killed guilty for having persecuted and killed him. Okay? And so the third thing he him. Okay? And so the third thing he him. Okay? And so the third thing he becomes is a role becomes is a role becomes is a role model or a model or a model or a paragon, a paragon, a paragon, a hero. He's telling the French people, hero. He's telling the French people, hero. He's telling the French people, listen, I could have become king. I had listen, I could have become king. I had listen, I could have become king. I had all the power in the world, but I chose all the power in the world, but I chose all the power in the world, but I chose to sacrifice myself because what to sacrifice myself because what to sacrifice myself because what mattered most was the revolution. mattered most was the revolution. mattered most was the revolution. If you feel guilty for having killed If you feel guilty for having killed If you feel guilty for having killed me, then you have an obligation to the me, then you have an obligation to the me, then you have an obligation to the revolution to sacrifice necessary in revolution to sacrifice necessary in revolution to sacrifice necessary in order to save the revolution. Okay? So order to save the revolution. Okay? So order to save the revolution. Okay? So this is what happened. The moment he this is what happened. The moment he this is what happened. The moment he killed himself, he became a scapegoat, a killed himself, he became a scapegoat, a killed himself, he became a scapegoat, a martyr and a paragon of virtue, a hero martyr and a paragon of virtue, a hero martyr and a paragon of virtue, a hero to the to the to the people. People will feel guilty for people. People will feel guilty for people. People will feel guilty for having killed him. And now they will having killed him. And now they will having killed him. And now they will transfer this guilt into promoting and transfer this guilt into promoting and transfer this guilt into promoting and saving the revolution. words, the moment that he died, G words, the moment that he died, G Rosepier became Rosepier became Rosepier became Jesus. He became in the minds of the Jesus. He became in the minds of the Jesus. He became in the minds of the French people second coming of Jesus. French people second coming of Jesus. French people second coming of Jesus. Does that make Does that make Does that make sense? Okay. So that's my argument to sense? Okay. So that's my argument to sense? Okay. So that's my argument to you today. And so over the the rest of you today. And so over the the rest of you today. And so over the the rest of the class we will look at the evidence the class we will look at the evidence the class we will look at the evidence and actually the best evidence is how Rose Pier died. Okay. So let's is how Rose Pier died. Okay. So let's compare the death of Jesus and the death compare the death of Jesus and the death compare the death of Jesus and the death of Rose Pier and you will see they match of Rose Pier and you will see they match of Rose Pier and you will see they match up. They line up perfectly. Okay. up. They line up perfectly. Okay. up. They line up perfectly. Okay. So let's look at the death So let's look at the death So let's look at the death of Jesus. death. death. Jesus spends his life preaching the Jesus spends his life preaching the Jesus spends his life preaching the truth to the people and trying to build truth to the people and trying to build truth to the people and trying to build a more just and equal a more just and equal a more just and equal world. But he knows that eventually he world. But he knows that eventually he world. But he knows that eventually he must die in order to complete his must die in order to complete his must die in order to complete his mission. Okay. So at the in the last mission. Okay. So at the in the last mission. Okay. So at the in the last supper, he tells his followers, the supper, he tells his followers, the supper, he tells his followers, the disciples, one of you will betray me. disciples, one of you will betray me. disciples, one of you will betray me. Okay, betrayal. And of course, this Okay, betrayal. And of course, this Okay, betrayal. And of course, this person's name is Julius Escariat who person's name is Julius Escariat who person's name is Julius Escariat who betrays Jesus to the high priest of betrays Jesus to the high priest of betrays Jesus to the high priest of Jerusalem. Okay, so the f so the first Jerusalem. Okay, so the f so the first Jerusalem. Okay, so the f so the first thing is thing is thing is betrayal. But after the dinner, everyone betrayal. But after the dinner, everyone betrayal. But after the dinner, everyone goes to sleep and Jesus goes to a quiet goes to sleep and Jesus goes to a quiet goes to sleep and Jesus goes to a quiet place. Okay. He isolates himself. Why? place. Okay. He isolates himself. Why? place. Okay. He isolates himself. Why? Because he Because he Because he knows that the soldiers are coming to knows that the soldiers are coming to knows that the soldiers are coming to arrest him and to put him to death. arrest him and to put him to death. arrest him and to put him to death. Okay? The servants of the high priest Okay? The servants of the high priest Okay? The servants of the high priest are going to come and arrest are going to come and arrest are going to come and arrest him. The servants do come to arrest him. The servants do come to arrest him. The servants do come to arrest Jesus. And Jesus submits. Okay? Jesus. And Jesus submits. Okay? Jesus. And Jesus submits. Okay? Submission. He does not resist. Submission. He does not resist. Submission. He does not resist. But one of his disciples, Peter, he he But one of his disciples, Peter, he he But one of his disciples, Peter, he he sees what's happening and he rushes to sees what's happening and he rushes to sees what's happening and he rushes to try to save try to save try to save Jesus. And uh Peter cuts off the ear of Jesus. And uh Peter cuts off the ear of Jesus. And uh Peter cuts off the ear of one of the servants of the high priest. one of the servants of the high priest. one of the servants of the high priest. And Jesus tells him, "No, no, no, Peter, And Jesus tells him, "No, no, no, Peter, And Jesus tells him, "No, no, no, Peter, go home. This is what I must do by go home. This is what I must do by go home. This is what I must do by myself. I must go with the with the high myself. I must go with the with the high myself. I must go with the with the high to the high priest." Okay. He goes to to the high priest." Okay. He goes to to the high priest." Okay. He goes to the high priest who then presents him to the high priest who then presents him to the high priest who then presents him to the Roman governor, Pontius Pilate, the Roman governor, Pontius Pilate, the Roman governor, Pontius Pilate, right? And Pilate says, "Jesus, you've right? And Pilate says, "Jesus, you've right? And Pilate says, "Jesus, you've been accused of crimes against your been accused of crimes against your been accused of crimes against your people of defying the laws of your God. people of defying the laws of your God. people of defying the laws of your God. What do you have to say in your What do you have to say in your What do you have to say in your defense?" And Jesus says, "Nothing." defense?" And Jesus says, "Nothing." defense?" And Jesus says, "Nothing." Jesus does not defense defend himself. Jesus does not defense defend himself. Jesus does not defense defend himself. Okay. Okay. So, submission. Okay. And Okay. Okay. So, submission. Okay. And Okay. Okay. So, submission. Okay. And then Pon Pilot says, "Fine. If you then Pon Pilot says, "Fine. If you then Pon Pilot says, "Fine. If you refuse to defend yourself, then I can refuse to defend yourself, then I can refuse to defend yourself, then I can only condemn you to death." So Jesus um only condemn you to death." So Jesus um only condemn you to death." So Jesus um there's he has to bear a cross, okay? there's he has to bear a cross, okay? there's he has to bear a cross, okay? And he's bearing the cross. The Jews And he's bearing the cross. The Jews And he's bearing the cross. The Jews line up and see him and they jeer him. line up and see him and they jeer him. line up and see him and they jeer him. Okay? They curse him. They spit at him. Okay? They curse him. They spit at him. Okay? They curse him. They spit at him. They throw stones at him. And all this They throw stones at him. And all this They throw stones at him. And all this while there's someone, a soldier, a while there's someone, a soldier, a while there's someone, a soldier, a centurion following him and whipping centurion following him and whipping centurion following him and whipping him. Okay? This is called the him. Okay? This is called the him. Okay? This is called the passion. Okay? He is punished. And then passion. Okay? He is punished. And then passion. Okay? He is punished. And then he is of course crucified. And he's he is of course crucified. And he's he is of course crucified. And he's crucified. It's the worst way to die, crucified. It's the worst way to die, crucified. It's the worst way to die, right? People, thousands of people come right? People, thousands of people come right? People, thousands of people come and watch him be get crucified and then and watch him be get crucified and then and watch him be get crucified and then die. Okay, that's the story of Jesus. die. Okay, that's the story of Jesus. die. Okay, that's the story of Jesus. Guess what Guess what Guess what guys, this story guys, this story guys, this story becomes the death of Rosepier too. So, becomes the death of Rosepier too. So, becomes the death of Rosepier too. So, Ropier Ropier Ropier is betrayed. He is betrayed by his is betrayed. He is betrayed by his is betrayed. He is betrayed by his political allies and political allies and political allies and friends. He helped these people amass friends. He helped these people amass friends. He helped these people amass power and once they amass power and power and once they amass power and power and once they amass power and Rosar gets rid of all the the other Rosar gets rid of all the the other Rosar gets rid of all the the other enemies, they see Robier as the ultimate enemies, they see Robier as the ultimate enemies, they see Robier as the ultimate threat so they conspire against him. threat so they conspire against him. threat so they conspire against him. Okay, so it's a betrayal. Respir is asked to speak to betrayal. Respir is asked to speak to the to the assembly. He does. Okay. But the to the assembly. He does. Okay. But the to the assembly. He does. Okay. But he knows the assembly has already he knows the assembly has already he knows the assembly has already condemned him to to death. There's no condemned him to to death. There's no condemned him to to death. There's no point in him arguing. Okay. So what he point in him arguing. Okay. So what he point in him arguing. Okay. So what he does is after his speech, he goes to a does is after his speech, he goes to a does is after his speech, he goes to a building, a town hall, and he goes to building, a town hall, and he goes to building, a town hall, and he goes to the second floor and he be and he is the second floor and he be and he is the second floor and he be and he is isolated from everyone. Okay? He knows isolated from everyone. Okay? He knows isolated from everyone. Okay? He knows his fate. He knows they're going to come his fate. He knows they're going to come his fate. He knows they're going to come and kill him. And he just stands there. and kill him. And he just stands there. and kill him. And he just stands there. His friends, his most loyal followers, His friends, his most loyal followers, His friends, his most loyal followers, okay? Say to him, okay? Say to him, okay? Say to him, "Wop, they're coming to kill you. Let's "Wop, they're coming to kill you. Let's "Wop, they're coming to kill you. Let's rally the p people. Let's go to the rally the p people. Let's go to the rally the p people. Let's go to the sections, the sulot. We have thousands, sections, the sulot. We have thousands, sections, the sulot. We have thousands, tens of thousands of loyal followers. tens of thousands of loyal followers. tens of thousands of loyal followers. Let's rally them. Let's inspire them to Let's rally them. Let's inspire them to Let's rally them. Let's inspire them to revolt. Let's let's raise an army and revolt. Let's let's raise an army and revolt. Let's let's raise an army and kill the entire national assembly. And kill the entire national assembly. And kill the entire national assembly. And Robes Pier refuses. Okay. Then you have Robes Pier refuses. Okay. Then you have Robes Pier refuses. Okay. Then you have the Paris Commune leaders from the Paris the Paris Commune leaders from the Paris the Paris Commune leaders from the Paris Commune. They they they've heard what Commune. They they they've heard what Commune. They they they've heard what happened to Roespier. So they sent a happened to Roespier. So they sent a happened to Roespier. So they sent a delegation to the section and say, "Hey delegation to the section and say, "Hey delegation to the section and say, "Hey guys, we need to defend our hero." Okay? guys, we need to defend our hero." Okay? guys, we need to defend our hero." Okay? And so you have this huge crowd moving And so you have this huge crowd moving And so you have this huge crowd moving towards the National Assembly and towards the National Assembly and towards the National Assembly and they're waiting for Rose to appear they're waiting for Rose to appear they're waiting for Rose to appear before them and said, "Fight, fight, before them and said, "Fight, fight, before them and said, "Fight, fight, fight." Okay? Defend the revolution, fight." Okay? Defend the revolution, fight." Okay? Defend the revolution, save the revolution, save Robes Pierre. save the revolution, save Robes Pierre. save the revolution, save Robes Pierre. They're waiting for the hero to come out They're waiting for the hero to come out They're waiting for the hero to come out and lead them. Robes Pier refuses to say and lead them. Robes Pier refuses to say and lead them. Robes Pier refuses to say a word. He just he just sits there and a word. He just he just sits there and a word. He just he just sits there and then begging begging Robes Pierre please then begging begging Robes Pierre please then begging begging Robes Pierre please Roses Pierre we have to do something and Roses Pierre we have to do something and Roses Pierre we have to do something and Robes Pierre just he stares off into Robes Pierre just he stares off into Robes Pierre just he stares off into space. Okay. He's like Jesus at this space. Okay. He's like Jesus at this space. Okay. He's like Jesus at this point. He knows his fate. He knows his point. He knows his fate. He knows his point. He knows his fate. He knows his destiny. He refuses to fight his destiny. He refuses to fight his destiny. He refuses to fight his destiny. He submits. Okay. Okay. Submission. The soldiers come and his Submission. The soldiers come and his Submission. The soldiers come and his followers they get into a fight. Some followers they get into a fight. Some followers they get into a fight. Some people die, but a soldier shoots a people die, but a soldier shoots a people die, but a soldier shoots a pistol into the jaw of Rose Pier. Okay. pistol into the jaw of Rose Pier. Okay. pistol into the jaw of Rose Pier. Okay. And now he's covered in blood and he's And now he's covered in blood and he's And now he's covered in blood and he's trying to wipe off the blood, but he's trying to wipe off the blood, but he's trying to wipe off the blood, but he's in pain. Okay. And even though he's in in pain. Okay. And even though he's in in pain. Okay. And even though he's in pain, they still take him to the pain, they still take him to the pain, they still take him to the guillotine. So the passion of Rosepier guillotine. So the passion of Rosepier guillotine. So the passion of Rosepier and he's being driven on a horse with and he's being driven on a horse with and he's being driven on a horse with his followers and there's about 100 of his followers and there's about 100 of his followers and there's about 100 of them to the guillotine. They will be all them to the guillotine. They will be all them to the guillotine. They will be all massacred at once. Okay. and thousand massacred at once. Okay. and thousand massacred at once. Okay. and thousand people lining up on the streets to to people lining up on the streets to to people lining up on the streets to to shout down the tyrant. Down the tyrant. shout down the tyrant. Down the tyrant. shout down the tyrant. Down the tyrant. Okay, they hate Whoops Pier. These are Okay, they hate Whoops Pier. These are Okay, they hate Whoops Pier. These are people who lost uh France family in the people who lost uh France family in the people who lost uh France family in the ring of terror. So they want to see this ring of terror. So they want to see this ring of terror. So they want to see this guy dead and ultimately guy dead and ultimately guy dead and ultimately then ropes pier then is then ropes pier then is then ropes pier then is guillotine and that's the end of ropes guillotine and that's the end of ropes guillotine and that's the end of ropes pier. Okay, do you see how these stories pier. Okay, do you see how these stories pier. Okay, do you see how these stories line up perfectly? It is almost as if line up perfectly? It is almost as if line up perfectly? It is almost as if Robespier is trying to act out the story Robespier is trying to act out the story Robespier is trying to act out the story of Jesus for the French people. That is of Jesus for the French people. That is of Jesus for the French people. That is that is his that is his that is his intention. That is his intention. That is his intention. That is his legacy. He wants people to understand legacy. He wants people to understand legacy. He wants people to understand that it was Jesus who appeared before that it was Jesus who appeared before that it was Jesus who appeared before them. And Jesus made the ultimate them. And Jesus made the ultimate them. And Jesus made the ultimate sacrifice because he loved his people in sacrifice because he loved his people in sacrifice because he loved his people in order to rally his people to save the order to rally his people to save the order to rally his people to save the revolution and fight off the enemies of revolution and fight off the enemies of revolution and fight off the enemies of France. France. France. Okay, these stories line up too well. Okay, these stories line up too well. Okay, these stories line up too well. Now, we know Now, we know Now, we know that this story is basically just that this story is basically just that this story is basically just mythology. Okay, but I keep on telling mythology. Okay, but I keep on telling mythology. Okay, but I keep on telling you guys in history for us humans, you guys in history for us humans, you guys in history for us humans, mythology ideas are real. mythology ideas are real. mythology ideas are real. Okay. So, Rose Pier remember this Okay. So, Rose Pier remember this Okay. So, Rose Pier remember this mythology or subconsciously knows this mythology or subconsciously knows this mythology or subconsciously knows this mythology and he acted out for the mythology and he acted out for the mythology and he acted out for the French people in order to inspire French people in order to inspire French people in order to inspire them in order to fully realize the them in order to fully realize the them in order to fully realize the revolution. Okay. So in other words, the French Okay. So in other words, the French Revolution was essentially a relig Revolution was essentially a relig Revolution was essentially a relig religious religious religious mythology in which ropes pier mythology in which ropes pier mythology in which ropes pier volunteered to play the part of volunteered to play the part of volunteered to play the part of Jesus, right? To be Jesus, you need to make the right? To be Jesus, you need to make the ultimate sacrifice. You need to ultimate sacrifice. You need to ultimate sacrifice. You need to sacrifice yourself in front of people. sacrifice yourself in front of people. sacrifice yourself in front of people. And that's what he did. Okay? And after And that's what he did. Okay? And after And that's what he did. Okay? And after his death, people now see that he's his death, people now see that he's his death, people now see that he's Jesus. And now people are inspired to Jesus. And now people are inspired to Jesus. And now people are inspired to believe that there will be a second believe that there will be a second believe that there will be a second coming of Ropes Pier. Someone will come coming of Ropes Pier. Someone will come coming of Ropes Pier. Someone will come come who will be Ropes Pier and who will come who will be Ropes Pier and who will come who will be Ropes Pier and who will lead them to final victory against all lead them to final victory against all lead them to final victory against all their enemies. And this person's name their enemies. And this person's name their enemies. And this person's name is is is who? Who who comes after ropes who? Who who comes after ropes who? Who who comes after ropes pier? Napoleon. Do you understand? So pier? Napoleon. Do you understand? So pier? Napoleon. Do you understand? So Napoleon takes Napoleon takes Napoleon takes advantage of all this mythology and he advantage of all this mythology and he advantage of all this mythology and he uses it in order to become the king of uses it in order to become the king of uses it in order to become the king of France. Okay, Rose refused to become France. Okay, Rose refused to become France. Okay, Rose refused to become king but Napoleon will become king and king but Napoleon will become king and king but Napoleon will become king and we'll discuss Napoleon next class and we'll discuss Napoleon next class and we'll discuss Napoleon next class and this will end our French revolution this will end our French revolution this will end our French revolution trilogy. Okay. All right. So right so um this is Okay. All right. So right so um this is the main argument. Okay. So I provide the main argument. Okay. So I provide the main argument. Okay. So I provide basically the basic story but what's basically the basic story but what's basically the basic story but what's important for us is now to look at the important for us is now to look at the important for us is now to look at the evidence. Okay. So we're going to look evidence. Okay. So we're going to look evidence. Okay. So we're going to look at the speeches of ropes PR in a context at the speeches of ropes PR in a context at the speeches of ropes PR in a context of French revolutionary history. All of French revolutionary history. All of French revolutionary history. All right. To understand his right. To understand his right. To understand his mentality. Right now, what's really mentality. Right now, what's really mentality. Right now, what's really important is for us to understand his important is for us to understand his important is for us to understand his psych psychology and ask ourselves if if psych psychology and ask ourselves if if psych psychology and ask ourselves if if g if Wilspir really believed he was g if Wilspir really believed he was g if Wilspir really believed he was Jesus or a prophet, then do his speeches, do his prophet, then do his speeches, do his words actually provide evidence for words actually provide evidence for words actually provide evidence for this. Okay? And I will show you that in this. Okay? And I will show you that in this. Okay? And I will show you that in fact there is evidence that he does in fact there is evidence that he does in fact there is evidence that he does in fact see himself as a fact see himself as a fact see himself as a prophet. But before I start the prophet. But before I start the prophet. But before I start the evidence, are you guys clear about this evidence, are you guys clear about this evidence, are you guys clear about this argument? Are you clear about the story argument? Are you clear about the story argument? Are you clear about the story I'm telling I'm telling I'm telling you? All right. Are you guys clear? All you? All right. Are you guys clear? All you? All right. Are you guys clear? All right. Good. So, let's look at the Sorry. All right. Sorry. All right. Okay. That is a great question. Does Roar know That is a great question. Does Roar know that people will will know? He doesn't, that people will will know? He doesn't, that people will will know? He doesn't, right? He can't know. And in fact, if right? He can't know. And in fact, if right? He can't know. And in fact, if you look at the Bible, the Bible is very you look at the Bible, the Bible is very you look at the Bible, the Bible is very clear. Jesus himself was full of doubt. clear. Jesus himself was full of doubt. clear. Jesus himself was full of doubt. He was not completely uh sure that he He was not completely uh sure that he He was not completely uh sure that he people will remember him. Okay. But people will remember him. Okay. But people will remember him. Okay. But that's the problem of that's the problem of that's the problem of faith. If you truly believe in the faith. If you truly believe in the faith. If you truly believe in the people, you will have faith in the people, you will have faith in the people, you will have faith in the people. You understand? So it was an act people. You understand? So it was an act people. You understand? So it was an act of faith, of faith, of faith, right? Rose never at any point said, right? Rose never at any point said, right? Rose never at any point said, "Hey, I am the prophet. I need to "Hey, I am the prophet. I need to "Hey, I am the prophet. I need to sacrifice myself in order to save the sacrifice myself in order to save the sacrifice myself in order to save the revolution. Okay, he hints at that, but revolution. Okay, he hints at that, but revolution. Okay, he hints at that, but he never really says it he never really says it he never really says it outright. And so he himself is extremely outright. And so he himself is extremely outright. And so he himself is extremely conflicted conflicted conflicted person, right? There's a part of him person, right? There's a part of him person, right? There's a part of him that is pulling him towards his destiny, that is pulling him towards his destiny, that is pulling him towards his destiny, but there's also another part of him but there's also another part of him but there's also another part of him that resists against against this. Okay, that resists against against this. Okay, that resists against against this. Okay, do you understand? We humans are do you understand? We humans are do you understand? We humans are extremely complicated. Robes was a human extremely complicated. Robes was a human extremely complicated. Robes was a human being. Okay. Okay. Does that make sense? being. Okay. Okay. Does that make sense? being. Okay. Okay. Does that make sense? He can never be confident that this will He can never be confident that this will He can never be confident that this will work out in the end. But because he took work out in the end. But because he took work out in the end. But because he took that that leap of faith, it radically that that leap of faith, it radically that that leap of faith, it radically changed human history. Okay? Because changed human history. Okay? Because changed human history. Okay? Because because because I believe, okay, and I because because I believe, okay, and I because because I believe, okay, and I will argue this, if he actually didn't will argue this, if he actually didn't will argue this, if he actually didn't do this, if he actually just became do this, if he actually just became do this, if he actually just became king, right? If he seized the crown like king, right? If he seized the crown like king, right? If he seized the crown like Napoleon did, the French Revolution Napoleon did, the French Revolution Napoleon did, the French Revolution would have failed and we really wouldn't would have failed and we really wouldn't would have failed and we really wouldn't remember the French Revolution and it remember the French Revolution and it remember the French Revolution and it really wouldn't change the course of really wouldn't change the course of really wouldn't change the course of human history. What I will show you next human history. What I will show you next human history. What I will show you next class is because he did so because he class is because he did so because he class is because he did so because he sacrificed himself. It allowed Napoleon sacrificed himself. It allowed Napoleon sacrificed himself. It allowed Napoleon to defeat all of Europe. Okay? Without to defeat all of Europe. Okay? Without to defeat all of Europe. Okay? Without spirit sacrifice, Napoleon could not spirit sacrifice, Napoleon could not spirit sacrifice, Napoleon could not have become have become have become Napoleon. All right? So, does that make Napoleon. All right? So, does that make Napoleon. All right? So, does that make sense? No prophet ever truly believes sense? No prophet ever truly believes sense? No prophet ever truly believes he's the prophet. There's always a part he's the prophet. There's always a part he's the prophet. There's always a part of him that is doubtful, that is of him that is doubtful, that is of him that is doubtful, that is skeptical. Okay? But he skeptical. Okay? But he skeptical. Okay? But he persists nonetheless. And that what persists nonetheless. And that what persists nonetheless. And that what makes him heroic. Okay? And this is true makes him heroic. Okay? And this is true makes him heroic. Okay? And this is true for all for all for all prophets. Does that make sense? All prophets. Does that make sense? All prophets. Does that make sense? All right. French right. French right. French revolution. Um, maximum ropes pier. revolution. Um, maximum ropes pier. revolution. Um, maximum ropes pier. Okay. So, some basic biographical Okay. So, some basic biographical Okay. So, some basic biographical details about ropes pier. Okay. He was details about ropes pier. Okay. He was details about ropes pier. Okay. He was born in a town called Ara, which is a born in a town called Ara, which is a born in a town called Ara, which is a province of France. And his family there province of France. And his family there province of France. And his family there for um a few generations was Bour. They for um a few generations was Bour. They for um a few generations was Bour. They were all lawyers. His grandfather was a were all lawyers. His grandfather was a were all lawyers. His grandfather was a lawyer. His father was a lawyer. But um lawyer. His father was a lawyer. But um lawyer. His father was a lawyer. But um his mother, Rob's mother died giving his mother, Rob's mother died giving his mother, Rob's mother died giving birth to a younger brother. They all birth to a younger brother. They all birth to a younger brother. They all they both both both died. Um and then they both both both died. Um and then they both both both died. Um and then Robier's father left the family and died Robier's father left the family and died Robier's father left the family and died a few years later in Belgium or a few years later in Belgium or a few years later in Belgium or somewhere. Okay. So Robepier went from somewhere. Okay. So Robepier went from somewhere. Okay. So Robepier went from Bour to Pat Boujo. His family is still Bour to Pat Boujo. His family is still Bour to Pat Boujo. His family is still wealthy but not as wealthy as before. Uh wealthy but not as wealthy as before. Uh wealthy but not as wealthy as before. Uh Roses Pierre be becomes at a very early Roses Pierre be becomes at a very early Roses Pierre be becomes at a very early age. Okay, maybe seven or eight be he age. Okay, maybe seven or eight be he age. Okay, maybe seven or eight be he becomes the man of the family. Okay. becomes the man of the family. Okay. becomes the man of the family. Okay. He's responsible for taking care of of He's responsible for taking care of of He's responsible for taking care of of his younger brother and his younger his younger brother and his younger his younger brother and his younger sister. His grandparents are still sister. His grandparents are still sister. His grandparents are still pretty wealthy. They send him to a pretty wealthy. They send him to a pretty wealthy. They send him to a Jesuit school where he excels Jesuit school where he excels Jesuit school where he excels academically. Okay. His ambition is academically. Okay. His ambition is academically. Okay. His ambition is really to be Jean Jac Rouso. He wants to really to be Jean Jac Rouso. He wants to really to be Jean Jac Rouso. He wants to be a philosopher. He wants to be like a be a philosopher. He wants to be like a be a philosopher. He wants to be like a poet philosopher like Jeanjac Rouso. He poet philosopher like Jeanjac Rouso. He poet philosopher like Jeanjac Rouso. He writes a lot. He dreams of a better writes a lot. He dreams of a better writes a lot. He dreams of a better world. He's very idealistic. He becomes world. He's very idealistic. He becomes world. He's very idealistic. He becomes a lawyer. And as a lawyer, as I a lawyer. And as a lawyer, as I a lawyer. And as a lawyer, as I mentioned, he spends all his time mentioned, he spends all his time mentioned, he spends all his time defending the poor and the weak. He's a defending the poor and the weak. He's a defending the poor and the weak. He's a champion of the oppressed. Um the champion of the oppressed. Um the champion of the oppressed. Um the estates general is um organized and he estates general is um organized and he estates general is um organized and he goes and becomes a representative and as goes and becomes a representative and as goes and becomes a representative and as I said over the next few years he rises I said over the next few years he rises I said over the next few years he rises to the very top. So the question we're to the very top. So the question we're to the very top. So the question we're looking at today is how did Robes Pier looking at today is how did Robes Pier looking at today is how did Robes Pier fall? Okay. So fall? Okay. So fall? Okay. So um as I mentioned um before the states um as I mentioned um before the states um as I mentioned um before the states general is general is general is called France is in a is facing economic called France is in a is facing economic called France is in a is facing economic financial collapse and so king Louis the financial collapse and so king Louis the financial collapse and so king Louis the 16th appoints Jack Neker to become the 16th appoints Jack Neker to become the 16th appoints Jack Neker to become the finance minister. The thing about Neker finance minister. The thing about Neker finance minister. The thing about Neker is that he understands that listen if is that he understands that listen if is that he understands that listen if you people if you want people to pay you people if you want people to pay you people if you want people to pay more taxes you need to give them more more taxes you need to give them more more taxes you need to give them more political political political representation. Okay. So Neker becomes a representation. Okay. So Neker becomes a representation. Okay. So Neker becomes a champion of the middle class and he's champion of the middle class and he's champion of the middle class and he's worshiped by the middle class. Louis the worshiped by the middle class. Louis the worshiped by the middle class. Louis the 16th doesn't really like what he has to 16th doesn't really like what he has to 16th doesn't really like what he has to say and so they have this back and forth say and so they have this back and forth say and so they have this back and forth for many years where Louis 16 fires him, for many years where Louis 16 fires him, for many years where Louis 16 fires him, the people revolt, Louis the 16th hires the people revolt, Louis the 16th hires the people revolt, Louis the 16th hires him back then fires him again. Okay, so him back then fires him again. Okay, so him back then fires him again. Okay, so this goes on for quite some time. Neker this goes on for quite some time. Neker this goes on for quite some time. Neker will also become um will also become um will also become um um um um okay around this time as the state okay around this time as the state okay around this time as the state general is being called in order to general is being called in order to general is being called in order to raise more taxes from the people the sea raise more taxes from the people the sea raise more taxes from the people the sea who's who's a clergman he writes a very who's who's a clergman he writes a very who's who's a clergman he writes a very influential pamphlet called what is the influential pamphlet called what is the influential pamphlet called what is the third estate right because the first third estate right because the first third estate right because the first second and third estates are being second and third estates are being second and third estates are being called the first and second estates have called the first and second estates have called the first and second estates have all the power the third estate has no all the power the third estate has no all the power the third estate has no power so he writes a very influential power so he writes a very influential power so he writes a very influential pamphlet pamphlet pamphlet um asking the question, what is the um asking the question, what is the um asking the question, what is the third estate? And he answer and his third estate? And he answer and his third estate? And he answer and his answer is everything. Okay, the third answer is everything. Okay, the third answer is everything. Okay, the third estate is everyone in France 99 estate is everyone in France 99 estate is everyone in France 99 99.99%. What has it been until now in 99.99%. What has it been until now in 99.99%. What has it been until now in the political order? Nothing. What does the political order? Nothing. What does the political order? Nothing. What does it demand to be? Something. Okay. So it demand to be? Something. Okay. So it demand to be? Something. Okay. So during this time, pamphlets are like the during this time, pamphlets are like the during this time, pamphlets are like the internet of today. It's how most people internet of today. It's how most people internet of today. It's how most people get their news. And the pamphlets become get their news. And the pamphlets become get their news. And the pamphlets become extremely extremely extremely um violent and ext and call for radical change. May 5th 1789 the three estates change. May 5th 1789 the three estates meet. King Louis the 16th refuses to meet. King Louis the 16th refuses to meet. King Louis the 16th refuses to acknowledge the third estate. He he acknowledge the third estate. He he acknowledge the third estate. He he refuses to meet with them. He refuses to refuses to meet with them. He refuses to refuses to meet with them. He refuses to heed their demands. So what happens is heed their demands. So what happens is heed their demands. So what happens is the third estate form their own national the third estate form their own national the third estate form their own national assembly. Okay? And these people are assembly. Okay? And these people are assembly. Okay? And these people are radical. This is everyone in the middle radical. This is everyone in the middle radical. This is everyone in the middle class. The boujo, the petite boros, the class. The boujo, the petite boros, the class. The boujo, the petite boros, the sulot. They want more political power. sulot. They want more political power. sulot. They want more political power. They want more political representation They want more political representation They want more political representation in government. Um while this is happening, government. Um while this is happening, people's mood is becoming more and more people's mood is becoming more and more people's mood is becoming more and more radical and violent. Okay? So the people radical and violent. Okay? So the people radical and violent. Okay? So the people perish, they don't have any bread. perish, they don't have any bread. perish, they don't have any bread. They're hungry. They're unemployed. They They're hungry. They're unemployed. They They're hungry. They're unemployed. They feel hopeless. They feel the king is feel hopeless. They feel the king is feel hopeless. They feel the king is aloof. So a group of people they storm aloof. So a group of people they storm aloof. So a group of people they storm the bastau. The storming of the bastau the bastau. The storming of the bastau the bastau. The storming of the bastau happens on July 14th 1789. This is happens on July 14th 1789. This is happens on July 14th 1789. This is important because the national day of important because the national day of important because the national day of France today is July 14th. Why? Because France today is July 14th. Why? Because France today is July 14th. Why? Because on July 14th the people rose up and on July 14th the people rose up and on July 14th the people rose up and stormed the fortress of the pastel in stormed the fortress of the pastel in stormed the fortress of the pastel in order to get gunpowder in order to have order to get gunpowder in order to have order to get gunpowder in order to have their own army. Okay? But not only that, their own army. Okay? But not only that, their own army. Okay? But not only that, but they kill the governor of the pastel but they kill the governor of the pastel but they kill the governor of the pastel and parade his head in front of and parade his head in front of and parade his head in front of everyone. Okay? So people's mood is everyone. Okay? So people's mood is everyone. Okay? So people's mood is extremely extremely extremely violent and this violence is happening violent and this violence is happening violent and this violence is happening all around France. It's been decades of all around France. It's been decades of all around France. It's been decades of economic stagnation, poverty, military economic stagnation, poverty, military economic stagnation, poverty, military defeat. People want a revolution. um August 27, 1789, the National um August 27, 1789, the National Assembly declares the um a new Assembly declares the um a new Assembly declares the um a new constitution. Okay, this new constitution. Okay, this new constitution. Okay, this new constitution is something called the constitution is something called the constitution is something called the Declaration of the Rights of Man and the Declaration of the Rights of Man and the Declaration of the Rights of Man and the citizen and it becomes a basis for most citizen and it becomes a basis for most citizen and it becomes a basis for most constitutions in the constitutions in the constitutions in the world. Okay, this marks the beginning of world. Okay, this marks the beginning of world. Okay, this marks the beginning of a new age in human history. a new age in human history. a new age in human history. So let's look at a few passages from the So let's look at a few passages from the So let's look at a few passages from the declaration of declaration of declaration of rights of men. For these reasons, the National men. For these reasons, the National Assembly do recognize and declare in the Assembly do recognize and declare in the Assembly do recognize and declare in the presence of the supreme being. The presence of the supreme being. The presence of the supreme being. The supreme being is a god of reason and supreme being is a god of reason and supreme being is a god of reason and with the hope of his blessing and favor with the hope of his blessing and favor with the hope of his blessing and favor the following sacred rights of man and the following sacred rights of man and the following sacred rights of man and of citizens. Okay? Do you understand? of citizens. Okay? Do you understand? of citizens. Okay? Do you understand? These rights were not given to you by These rights were not given to you by These rights were not given to you by the government. They were given to you the government. They were given to you the government. They were given to you by God and these rights can never be by God and these rights can never be by God and these rights can never be taken away from you. Okay. First, men taken away from you. Okay. First, men taken away from you. Okay. First, men are born and always continue free and are born and always continue free and are born and always continue free and equal in respect of their rights. Civil equal in respect of their rights. Civil equal in respect of their rights. Civil distinctions therefore can be found only distinctions therefore can be found only distinctions therefore can be found only on public utility. Okay, this is a on public utility. Okay, this is a on public utility. Okay, this is a radical statement. Everyone is equal in radical statement. Everyone is equal in radical statement. Everyone is equal in the eyes of God and therefore in the the eyes of God and therefore in the the eyes of God and therefore in the eyes of the law. If there's nobility, if eyes of the law. If there's nobility, if eyes of the law. If there's nobility, if there's a clergy, it's only because we there's a clergy, it's only because we there's a clergy, it's only because we agree to give them this this distinction agree to give them this this distinction agree to give them this this distinction based on their uh utility. Okay? Based based on their uh utility. Okay? Based based on their uh utility. Okay? Based on the fact that they do public good for on the fact that they do public good for on the fact that they do public good for us. Right? So that's a radical us. Right? So that's a radical us. Right? So that's a radical statement. Second, the end of all statement. Second, the end of all statement. Second, the end of all political associations is the political associations is the political associations is the preservation of the natural and preservation of the natural and preservation of the natural and imprescriptible rights of man. And these imprescriptible rights of man. And these imprescriptible rights of man. And these rights are liberty, property, security rights are liberty, property, security rights are liberty, property, security and resistance of oppression. Okay, and resistance of oppression. Okay, and resistance of oppression. Okay, these are the fundamental human rights. these are the fundamental human rights. these are the fundamental human rights. All government, all laws, all society All government, all laws, all society All government, all laws, all society must be based on these fundamental must be based on these fundamental must be based on these fundamental principles. Liberty, property, security principles. Liberty, property, security principles. Liberty, property, security and oppression and oppression and oppression uh resistance of of oppression. Okay. uh resistance of of oppression. Okay. uh resistance of of oppression. Okay. Third, the nation is essentially the Third, the nation is essentially the Third, the nation is essentially the source of all sovereignty. Nor can any source of all sovereignty. Nor can any source of all sovereignty. Nor can any individual or any body of man be individual or any body of man be individual or any body of man be entitled to any authority which is not entitled to any authority which is not entitled to any authority which is not expressly derived from it. So what this expressly derived from it. So what this expressly derived from it. So what this is saying is now is now we have a new is saying is now is now we have a new is saying is now is now we have a new god. It's a nation state. France becomes god. It's a nation state. France becomes god. It's a nation state. France becomes a first nation state and all authority a first nation state and all authority a first nation state and all authority derives from the idea of the nation. derives from the idea of the nation. derives from the idea of the nation. Okay? And no power can supersede the Okay? And no power can supersede the Okay? And no power can supersede the power of the nation. Okay? Does that power of the nation. Okay? Does that power of the nation. Okay? Does that make sense guys? Okay. Okay, this is the make sense guys? Okay. Okay, this is the make sense guys? Okay. Okay, this is the beginning of modernity, beginning of modernity, beginning of modernity, right? Four, political liberty consists right? Four, political liberty consists right? Four, political liberty consists on the power of doing whatever does not on the power of doing whatever does not on the power of doing whatever does not injure another. You can do whatever you injure another. You can do whatever you injure another. You can do whatever you want as long as you don't harm someone want as long as you don't harm someone want as long as you don't harm someone else. The exercise of the natural rights else. The exercise of the natural rights else. The exercise of the natural rights of every man has no other limits than of every man has no other limits than of every man has no other limits than those which are necessary to secure to those which are necessary to secure to those which are necessary to secure to every other man the free exercise of the every other man the free exercise of the every other man the free exercise of the same rights. And these limits are same rights. And these limits are same rights. And these limits are determined only by the law. Five, the determined only by the law. Five, the determined only by the law. Five, the law ought to prohibit only actions law ought to prohibit only actions law ought to prohibit only actions hurtful society. What is not prohibited hurtful society. What is not prohibited hurtful society. What is not prohibited by the law should not be hindered nor by the law should not be hindered nor by the law should not be hindered nor should anyone be compelled to that which should anyone be compelled to that which should anyone be compelled to that which the law does not require. Okay, so this the law does not require. Okay, so this the law does not require. Okay, so this is a new idea of freedom, negative is a new idea of freedom, negative is a new idea of freedom, negative freedom. Okay, before was positive freedom. Okay, before was positive freedom. Okay, before was positive freedom where you had to do certain freedom where you had to do certain freedom where you had to do certain things to become a citizen. Now it's things to become a citizen. Now it's things to become a citizen. Now it's like if you're a citizen, you can do you like if you're a citizen, you can do you like if you're a citizen, you can do you can do whatever you want as long as you can do whatever you want as long as you can do whatever you want as long as you are not hurting someone else and you're are not hurting someone else and you're are not hurting someone else and you're not breaking the law. Okay? And so this not breaking the law. Okay? And so this not breaking the law. Okay? And so this is the where the modern or our modern is the where the modern or our modern is the where the modern or our modern idea of freedom comes from. All right. idea of freedom comes from. All right. idea of freedom comes from. All right. Six. The law is an expression of the Six. The law is an expression of the Six. The law is an expression of the will of the community. All citizens have will of the community. All citizens have will of the community. All citizens have a right to concur either personally or a right to concur either personally or a right to concur either personally or by the representatives in its formation. by the representatives in its formation. by the representatives in its formation. It should be the same to all whether it It should be the same to all whether it It should be the same to all whether it protects or punishes and all being equal protects or punishes and all being equal protects or punishes and all being equal in its sight are equally eligible to all in its sight are equally eligible to all in its sight are equally eligible to all honors, places and employments according honors, places and employments according honors, places and employments according to different abilities without any other to different abilities without any other to different abilities without any other distinction than not created by their distinction than not created by their distinction than not created by their virtues and virtues and virtues and talents. Not only is the government now talents. Not only is the government now talents. Not only is the government now responsive to the needs and demands of responsive to the needs and demands of responsive to the needs and demands of the people, the people can at any time the people, the people can at any time the people, the people can at any time become the government. Okay, so the become the government. Okay, so the become the government. Okay, so the people are above the government. Okay. people are above the government. Okay. people are above the government. Okay. So the hierarchy now is at the very So the hierarchy now is at the very So the hierarchy now is at the very top is the nation and then below the top is the nation and then below the top is the nation and then below the nation now is the people, right? And nation now is the people, right? And nation now is the people, right? And then below the people now is the then below the people now is the then below the people now is the government. The government only exists government. The government only exists government. The government only exists in order to protect the rights of the in order to protect the rights of the in order to protect the rights of the people. So the government only exists at people. So the government only exists at people. So the government only exists at the the the behest and behest and behest and um concurrence of the people. All right. um concurrence of the people. All right. um concurrence of the people. All right. Number 10. No man ought to be molested Number 10. No man ought to be molested Number 10. No man ought to be molested on account of his opinions, not even on on account of his opinions, not even on on account of his opinions, not even on account of his religious opinions, account of his religious opinions, account of his religious opinions, provided has a vow of them does not provided has a vow of them does not provided has a vow of them does not disturb the public order established by disturb the public order established by disturb the public order established by law. Okay, so this is now the separation law. Okay, so this is now the separation law. Okay, so this is now the separation of church and state. You are free to of church and state. You are free to of church and state. You are free to believe whatever you want. 11. The believe whatever you want. 11. The believe whatever you want. 11. The unrestrained communication of thoughts unrestrained communication of thoughts unrestrained communication of thoughts and opinions being one of the most and opinions being one of the most and opinions being one of the most precious rights of man, every citizen precious rights of man, every citizen precious rights of man, every citizen may speak, write and publish freely may speak, write and publish freely may speak, write and publish freely provided he is responsible for the abuse provided he is responsible for the abuse provided he is responsible for the abuse of this liberty in case determined by of this liberty in case determined by of this liberty in case determined by law. You are free to say whatever you law. You are free to say whatever you law. You are free to say whatever you want. Okay. This is the freedom of want. Okay. This is the freedom of want. Okay. This is the freedom of expression. Okay. So the declaration of expression. Okay. So the declaration of expression. Okay. So the declaration of rights of man basically defines the new rights of man basically defines the new rights of man basically defines the new liberal order. liberal order. liberal order. Okay. Last is 17. The right to property Okay. Last is 17. The right to property Okay. Last is 17. The right to property being invaluable and sacred, no one being invaluable and sacred, no one being invaluable and sacred, no one ought to be deprived of it except in ought to be deprived of it except in ought to be deprived of it except in case of evident public necessity, case of evident public necessity, case of evident public necessity, legally ascertained and on condition of legally ascertained and on condition of legally ascertained and on condition of a previous just indemnity. Okay. So a previous just indemnity. Okay. So a previous just indemnity. Okay. So property is also a sacred right. If you property is also a sacred right. If you property is also a sacred right. If you have property, it is yours by the will have property, it is yours by the will have property, it is yours by the will of of of God. Obviously, Ropes Pier does not like God. Obviously, Ropes Pier does not like God. Obviously, Ropes Pier does not like this idea. Okay. So Rosepier gives a this idea. Okay. So Rosepier gives a this idea. Okay. So Rosepier gives a speech arguing against this idea and he speech arguing against this idea and he speech arguing against this idea and he proposes an amendment to this proposes an amendment to this proposes an amendment to this idea. Now last session this is Rosepier idea. Now last session this is Rosepier idea. Now last session this is Rosepier speaking before the national assembly. speaking before the national assembly. speaking before the national assembly. Okay. Now last session I took the floor Okay. Now last session I took the floor Okay. Now last session I took the floor in order to make a few important in order to make a few important in order to make a few important additions to the declaration of the additions to the declaration of the additions to the declaration of the rights of man and of the citizen. It was rights of man and of the citizen. It was rights of man and of the citizen. It was my intention to expand your declarations my intention to expand your declarations my intention to expand your declarations of the theory of property by the of the theory of property by the of the theory of property by the addition of a few articles. Let the word addition of a few articles. Let the word addition of a few articles. Let the word property threaten no property threaten no property threaten no one. Filthy souls who value only your one. Filthy souls who value only your one. Filthy souls who value only your money. I will not violate your treasures money. I will not violate your treasures money. I will not violate your treasures even though I know how unclean the even though I know how unclean the even though I know how unclean the source from which they are from which source from which they are from which source from which they are from which they come. Okay. So most of you are they come. Okay. So most of you are they come. Okay. So most of you are saying to everyone, I know you guys are saying to everyone, I know you guys are saying to everyone, I know you guys are rich and you all want to protect your rich and you all want to protect your rich and you all want to protect your property. I won't take away your property. I won't take away your property. I won't take away your property. But please remember every one property. But please remember every one property. But please remember every one of you stole this from someone else. of you stole this from someone else. of you stole this from someone else. This is how you became rich. Through This is how you became rich. Through This is how you became rich. Through theft, through crimes. Okay. So, Rosier theft, through crimes. Okay. So, Rosier theft, through crimes. Okay. So, Rosier has a contempt for the wealthy. Ask any one of these traders in wealthy. Ask any one of these traders in human flesh, what is property. Okay. How human flesh, what is property. Okay. How human flesh, what is property. Okay. How do people people money for the slave do people people money for the slave do people people money for the slave trade? Basically, he will show you the trade? Basically, he will show you the trade? Basically, he will show you the long coffin called a ship in which men long coffin called a ship in which men long coffin called a ship in which men are packed together and chained. Men who are packed together and chained. Men who are packed together and chained. Men who seem yet alive. And he will tell you, seem yet alive. And he will tell you, seem yet alive. And he will tell you, "Look at my property. I have bought it "Look at my property. I have bought it "Look at my property. I have bought it head forhead." It it's a known fact that head forhead." It it's a known fact that head forhead." It it's a known fact that at this time in history a lot of people at this time in history a lot of people at this time in history a lot of people are getting rich off the slave trade. are getting rich off the slave trade. are getting rich off the slave trade. Okay. Question this noble man who has Okay. Question this noble man who has Okay. Question this noble man who has goods and subjects and who believes that goods and subjects and who believes that goods and subjects and who believes that the world will can come to an end now the world will can come to an end now the world will can come to an end now that he no longer possesses them and he that he no longer possesses them and he that he no longer possesses them and he will expound similar ideas on property will expound similar ideas on property will expound similar ideas on property to you. Okay. Rich people love their to you. Okay. Rich people love their to you. Okay. Rich people love their land. They love their wealth. Question land. They love their wealth. Question land. They love their wealth. Question the members of the Capatian dynasty and the members of the Capatian dynasty and the members of the Capatian dynasty and they will tell you that the most sacred they will tell you that the most sacred they will tell you that the most sacred property is the right of inheritance. property is the right of inheritance. property is the right of inheritance. that they have the ancient right of that they have the ancient right of that they have the ancient right of oppression, the 25 million Persians now oppression, the 25 million Persians now oppression, the 25 million Persians now populating the territory of France, of populating the territory of France, of populating the territory of France, of destroying them, of treating them destroying them, of treating them destroying them, of treating them legally and monarchally according to legally and monarchally according to legally and monarchally according to their own world will. So what most are their own world will. So what most are their own world will. So what most are saying is that property cannot be a saying is that property cannot be a saying is that property cannot be a secret right because property requires secret right because property requires secret right because property requires the oppression of others, right? How do the oppression of others, right? How do the oppression of others, right? How do you make your money how do you make you make your money how do you make you make your money how do you make money off land? By getting people to money off land? By getting people to money off land? By getting people to farm them, right? You're oppressing farm them, right? You're oppressing farm them, right? You're oppressing people. you're explaining people. people. you're explaining people. people. you're explaining people. Therefore, this is a contradiction. If Therefore, this is a contradiction. If Therefore, this is a contradiction. If you're you're you're saying saying saying that property is sacred right, then that property is sacred right, then that property is sacred right, then you're saying that God gave people this you're saying that God gave people this you're saying that God gave people this right. But God would never give you the right. But God would never give you the right. But God would never give you the power to oppress others. That makes no sense. You have increased the number of sense. You have increased the number of articles in order to afford the largest articles in order to afford the largest articles in order to afford the largest possible latitude, the right to one's possible latitude, the right to one's possible latitude, the right to one's property. And yet you have not added a property. And yet you have not added a property. And yet you have not added a word in limitation of this right with word in limitation of this right with word in limitation of this right with the result that the declaration might the result that the declaration might the result that the declaration might make the impression of having been make the impression of having been make the impression of having been credit not for the poor but for the rich credit not for the poor but for the rich credit not for the poor but for the rich the speculators for the stock exchange the speculators for the stock exchange the speculators for the stock exchange strawber to remedies the effects I strawber to remedies the effects I strawber to remedies the effects I propose the following additions okay so propose the following additions okay so propose the following additions okay so he's saying at this point in the he's saying at this point in the he's saying at this point in the revolution the middle the entire middle revolution the middle the entire middle revolution the middle the entire middle class including the boujo z are class including the boujo z are class including the boujo z are participating in this revolution but participating in this revolution but participating in this revolution but he's also saying that you the boujo have he's also saying that you the boujo have he's also saying that you the boujo have written this constitution for your written this constitution for your written this constitution for your benefit and not for the benefit of benefit and not for the benefit of benefit and not for the benefit of everyone for the everyone for the everyone for the people. Okay. So, we need to make people. Okay. So, we need to make people. Okay. So, we need to make changes. First, property is that right changes. First, property is that right changes. First, property is that right held by each citizen to dispose freely held by each citizen to dispose freely held by each citizen to dispose freely of that portion of the general goods of that portion of the general goods of that portion of the general goods guaranteed him by the laws. So, it's guaranteed him by the laws. So, it's guaranteed him by the laws. So, it's society that gives people property, not society that gives people property, not society that gives people property, not God who gives people property. Okay? God who gives people property. Okay? God who gives people property. Okay? There's a difference. Second, the right There's a difference. Second, the right There's a difference. Second, the right to property, like all other rights, is to property, like all other rights, is to property, like all other rights, is limited by the obligation to regard the limited by the obligation to regard the limited by the obligation to regard the rights of rights of rights of others. All right? So when you speak you others. All right? So when you speak you others. All right? So when you speak you you can do whatever you want as long as you can do whatever you want as long as you can do whatever you want as long as you don't you don't harm others. Well he you don't you don't harm others. Well he you don't you don't harm others. Well he what ro is saying is like that should what ro is saying is like that should what ro is saying is like that should also apply to property. You can own also apply to property. You can own also apply to property. You can own property as long as you are doing so in property as long as you are doing so in property as long as you are doing so in a way that does not exploit a way that does not exploit a way that does not exploit others. And the third is property may others. And the third is property may others. And the third is property may not cause any detriment to our security not cause any detriment to our security not cause any detriment to our security or to our liberty or our existence or to or to our liberty or our existence or to or to our liberty or our existence or to the property of our neighbor. the property of our neighbor. the property of our neighbor. Okay. Owning property should also not Okay. Owning property should also not Okay. Owning property should also not harm the national interest as well. So harm the national interest as well. So harm the national interest as well. So he's putting severe limitations on the he's putting severe limitations on the he's putting severe limitations on the idea of property because what world idea of property because what world idea of property because what world wants a society based on equality of wants a society based on equality of wants a society based on equality of all. Okay. Now um as this revolution is Okay. Now um as this revolution is happening happening happening um there's a man named Joseph Ignets um there's a man named Joseph Ignets um there's a man named Joseph Ignets Guilloton who will create something Guilloton who will create something Guilloton who will create something called the guillotine. Okay, he's a called the guillotine. Okay, he's a called the guillotine. Okay, he's a doctor and he wants to create a more doctor and he wants to create a more doctor and he wants to create a more humane way of executing people. The humane way of executing people. The humane way of executing people. The guillotine will become the main guillotine will become the main guillotine will become the main mechanism of terror during the French mechanism of terror during the French mechanism of terror during the French revolution. Right? So if you are an revolution. Right? So if you are an revolution. Right? So if you are an enemy of the state, they will guillotine enemy of the state, they will guillotine enemy of the state, they will guillotine you. Um, as all this is happening, the king Um, as all this is happening, the king is trying to work with the National is trying to work with the National is trying to work with the National Assembly, but the king is also Assembly, but the king is also Assembly, but the king is also conspiring against the National Assembly conspiring against the National Assembly conspiring against the National Assembly by trying to write to his family and by trying to write to his family and by trying to write to his family and friends overseas to raise armies against friends overseas to raise armies against friends overseas to raise armies against the revolution. the revolution. the revolution. And And And um on June 20 to 21, 1792, the king and um on June 20 to 21, 1792, the king and um on June 20 to 21, 1792, the king and queen actually try to flee France, but queen actually try to flee France, but queen actually try to flee France, but they're recognized and they're captured they're recognized and they're captured they're recognized and they're captured and sent back to uh and sent back to uh and sent back to uh Paris. A month later, August 10th, the Paris. A month later, August 10th, the Paris. A month later, August 10th, the people actually storm the king's people actually storm the king's people actually storm the king's residence and um basically residence and um basically residence and um basically massacre his Swiss guard, the massacre his Swiss guard, the massacre his Swiss guard, the mercenaries who are paid to protect him. mercenaries who are paid to protect him. mercenaries who are paid to protect him. Okay, finally they decide to just kill Okay, finally they decide to just kill Okay, finally they decide to just kill this guy because he's been he's he's this guy because he's been he's he's this guy because he's been he's he's threatening the revolution. Okay, King threatening the revolution. Okay, King threatening the revolution. Okay, King Louise is always trying to conspire Louise is always trying to conspire Louise is always trying to conspire against revolution. So they break this against revolution. So they break this against revolution. So they break this taboo. Okay, because remember many taboo. Okay, because remember many taboo. Okay, because remember many people many people believe that the king people many people believe that the king people many people believe that the king is a son of God and they kill him. Okay. is a son of God and they kill him. Okay. is a son of God and they kill him. Okay. And Rose Pier is explaining why and it's And Rose Pier is explaining why and it's And Rose Pier is explaining why and it's very simple. Okay. Louie may die in very simple. Okay. Louie may die in very simple. Okay. Louie may die in order that the revolution may live. It's order that the revolution may live. It's order that the revolution may live. It's that simple. that simple. that simple. What matters first and foremost is a What matters first and foremost is a What matters first and foremost is a revolution. In order to advance a revolution. In order to advance a revolution. In order to advance a revolution, everyone is expandable revolution, everyone is expandable revolution, everyone is expandable including Rose Pier. Okay? Rose Pear is including Rose Pier. Okay? Rose Pear is including Rose Pier. Okay? Rose Pear is only the prophet of revolution. He is only the prophet of revolution. He is only the prophet of revolution. He is not the revolution it itself. Um as is happening there is now itself. Um as is happening there is now counterrevolutionaries. So in the Vendai counterrevolutionaries. So in the Vendai counterrevolutionaries. So in the Vendai which is in West uh France peasants are which is in West uh France peasants are which is in West uh France peasants are rebelling against the French revolution. rebelling against the French revolution. rebelling against the French revolution. Why? because French French revolution is Why? because French French revolution is Why? because French French revolution is calling for a secular state. It's calling for a secular state. It's calling for a secular state. It's calling for a negation of religion and calling for a negation of religion and calling for a negation of religion and um the thing about peasants is they love um the thing about peasants is they love um the thing about peasants is they love their religion. Okay, so the peasants their religion. Okay, so the peasants their religion. Okay, so the peasants are now rising up against the French are now rising up against the French are now rising up against the French Revolution and it is a brutal war of Revolution and it is a brutal war of Revolution and it is a brutal war of genocide. Okay, there are massacres and genocide. Okay, there are massacres and genocide. Okay, there are massacres and atrocities on both atrocities on both atrocities on both sides. Um on May uh 31st, Rose Pier sides. Um on May uh 31st, Rose Pier sides. Um on May uh 31st, Rose Pier takes command of the National Assembly. takes command of the National Assembly. takes command of the National Assembly. This is something called the Mont Tonaku This is something called the Mont Tonaku This is something called the Mont Tonaku because he's in charge of of a faction because he's in charge of of a faction because he's in charge of of a faction called the the mountain. Okay, this is called the the mountain. Okay, this is called the the mountain. Okay, this is French for French for French for mountain. And of course, he then begins mountain. And of course, he then begins mountain. And of course, he then begins the ring of terror. Okay, and we the ring of terror. Okay, and we the ring of terror. Okay, and we discussed why he starts the ring of discussed why he starts the ring of discussed why he starts the ring of terror. He needs to unite the energies terror. He needs to unite the energies terror. He needs to unite the energies of people to commit them fully to the of people to commit them fully to the of people to commit them fully to the revolution. Okay, we can't go back. revolution. Okay, we can't go back. revolution. Okay, we can't go back. There's no coming back after this ring There's no coming back after this ring There's no coming back after this ring of terror. We have too many enemies now. of terror. We have too many enemies now. of terror. We have too many enemies now. Um the thing about the Um the thing about the Um the thing about the um ring of terror is he doesn't he kills um ring of terror is he doesn't he kills um ring of terror is he doesn't he kills his his his enemies but more enemies but more enemies but more importantly he's also killing his importantly he's also killing his importantly he's also killing his political allies. Okay the people on the political allies. Okay the people on the political allies. Okay the people on the left he's also killing as well because left he's also killing as well because left he's also killing as well because they also threaten the revolution. So they also threaten the revolution. So they also threaten the revolution. So this is George uh Denton and he's one of this is George uh Denton and he's one of this is George uh Denton and he's one of the leaders of the Cordelers which as as the leaders of the Cordelers which as as the leaders of the Cordelers which as as I mentioned is a very leftwing political I mentioned is a very leftwing political I mentioned is a very leftwing political group calling for the uh for universal group calling for the uh for universal group calling for the uh for universal suffrage for property rights for the S suffrage for property rights for the S suffrage for property rights for the S colot and he he's seen as a threat to colot and he he's seen as a threat to colot and he he's seen as a threat to the revolution and the revolution and the revolution and like ropier he's also fanatical he's a like ropier he's also fanatical he's a like ropier he's also fanatical he's a fanatical prophet so the national fanatical prophet so the national fanatical prophet so the national assembly votes to condemn him to death assembly votes to condemn him to death assembly votes to condemn him to death and he says I have said and I have shall and he says I have said and I have shall and he says I have said and I have shall I'll repeat. My home will soon be in I'll repeat. My home will soon be in I'll repeat. My home will soon be in oblivion and my name in a pantheon. Here oblivion and my name in a pantheon. Here oblivion and my name in a pantheon. Here is my head. It will I will it will is my head. It will I will it will is my head. It will I will it will answer for everything. My life is a answer for everything. My life is a answer for everything. My life is a burden to me. I shall be glad to be rid burden to me. I shall be glad to be rid burden to me. I shall be glad to be rid of it. Okay. He's like screw you all. I of it. Okay. He's like screw you all. I of it. Okay. He's like screw you all. I don't care. I have done God's work. If I don't care. I have done God's work. If I don't care. I have done God's work. If I must rest, I shall rest. Okay. And then must rest, I shall rest. Okay. And then must rest, I shall rest. Okay. And then he's he's he's guillotine. Um Jacques Herbert is leader guillotine. Um Jacques Herbert is leader guillotine. Um Jacques Herbert is leader of the herpetus. He's a journalist and of the herpetus. He's a journalist and of the herpetus. He's a journalist and he's calling for the complete he's calling for the complete he's calling for the complete abolishment of the Catholic Church. And abolishment of the Catholic Church. And abolishment of the Catholic Church. And of course the peasants don't like that. of course the peasants don't like that. of course the peasants don't like that. The the peasants would all unite against The the peasants would all unite against The the peasants would all unite against you. So he's seen as a threat to the you. So he's seen as a threat to the you. So he's seen as a threat to the revolution even though he is a close revolution even though he is a close revolution even though he is a close ally of Rose Pier and Rosepier also has ally of Rose Pier and Rosepier also has ally of Rose Pier and Rosepier also has him killed. Okay. So Rosier is not just him killed. Okay. So Rosier is not just him killed. Okay. So Rosier is not just killing his enemies but he's also killing his enemies but he's also killing his enemies but he's also killing his friends as well. And it's killing his friends as well. And it's killing his friends as well. And it's all in order to advance the revolution. Um so now Rose Pier needs to explain why Um so now Rose Pier needs to explain why this is happening. Okay. And he presents this is happening. Okay. And he presents this is happening. Okay. And he presents a vision of the revolution which tells a vision of the revolution which tells a vision of the revolution which tells us that he sees himself as a prophet. us that he sees himself as a prophet. us that he sees himself as a prophet. He's trying to build a new world. It's He's trying to build a new world. It's He's trying to build a new world. It's it it right now there's a war between it it right now there's a war between it it right now there's a war between good and evil and good must triumph no good and evil and good must triumph no good and evil and good must triumph no matter what the cost. All right. So his matter what the cost. All right. So his matter what the cost. All right. So his speech before the national assembly to speech before the national assembly to speech before the national assembly to explain the ring of terror to judge by explain the ring of terror to judge by explain the ring of terror to judge by the power and the will of a republican the power and the will of a republican the power and the will of a republican soldiers it will be easy to defeat the soldiers it will be easy to defeat the soldiers it will be easy to defeat the English and the traitors but we have English and the traitors but we have English and the traitors but we have another task of no less importance but another task of no less importance but another task of no less importance but unfortunately of greater difficulty. unfortunately of greater difficulty. unfortunately of greater difficulty. This task is a task of frustrating but This task is a task of frustrating but This task is a task of frustrating but an an an uninterrupted access of energy. Okay. So uninterrupted access of energy. Okay. So uninterrupted access of energy. Okay. So the ring of terror is to energize the the ring of terror is to energize the the ring of terror is to energize the people, right? The eternal intrigues of people, right? The eternal intrigues of people, right? The eternal intrigues of all enemies of freedom within the all enemies of freedom within the all enemies of freedom within the country of paving the way for the country of paving the way for the country of paving the way for the victory of the principles on which the victory of the principles on which the victory of the principles on which the general well depends. Okay? So our true general well depends. Okay? So our true general well depends. Okay? So our true enemies are not the English, the enemies are not the English, the enemies are not the English, the Austrians, the Prussians. Our true Austrians, the Prussians. Our true Austrians, the Prussians. Our true enemies are those traders within us. enemies are those traders within us. enemies are those traders within us. They're the ones who most threaten this They're the ones who most threaten this They're the ones who most threaten this the revolution. This is another speech. revolution. This is another speech. Okay. What's the goal toward which we Okay. What's the goal toward which we Okay. What's the goal toward which we are heading? Why are we doing this? Why are heading? Why are we doing this? Why are heading? Why are we doing this? Why the ring of terror? The peaceful the ring of terror? The peaceful the ring of terror? The peaceful enjoyment of liberty and enjoyment of liberty and enjoyment of liberty and equality. Kingdom of kingdom on earth. equality. Kingdom of kingdom on earth. equality. Kingdom of kingdom on earth. Utopia. Paradise. Okay. Justice and Utopia. Paradise. Okay. Justice and Utopia. Paradise. Okay. Justice and equality. The ring of that eternal equality. The ring of that eternal equality. The ring of that eternal justice who laws have been inscribed not justice who laws have been inscribed not justice who laws have been inscribed not in marble and stone but in the hearts of in marble and stone but in the hearts of in marble and stone but in the hearts of all men. even in that of the slave who all men. even in that of the slave who all men. even in that of the slave who forgets them and in that of the tyrant forgets them and in that of the tyrant forgets them and in that of the tyrant who denies them. Okay, this law, this who denies them. Okay, this law, this who denies them. Okay, this law, this justice, this equality is what God justice, this equality is what God justice, this equality is what God promised us because it's implanted in promised us because it's implanted in promised us because it's implanted in our hearts. We all yearn for this world our hearts. We all yearn for this world our hearts. We all yearn for this world when we are all equal, when justice when we are all equal, when justice when we are all equal, when justice prevails. Okay? We are fighting for the prevails. Okay? We are fighting for the prevails. Okay? We are fighting for the freedom and liberation of of all freedom and liberation of of all freedom and liberation of of all humanity from oppression. That's why humanity from oppression. That's why humanity from oppression. That's why we're fighting. We seek an order of we're fighting. We seek an order of we're fighting. We seek an order of things in which all the base and cruel things in which all the base and cruel things in which all the base and cruel passions are in chain. Okay. So last passions are in chain. Okay. So last passions are in chain. Okay. So last class we discussed John Rouso and class we discussed John Rouso and class we discussed John Rouso and remember John Rouso his most famous line remember John Rouso his most famous line remember John Rouso his most famous line is we are born free but we are all in is we are born free but we are all in is we are born free but we are all in chains. Okay. So this is a rewriting of chains. Okay. So this is a rewriting of chains. Okay. So this is a rewriting of that idea. So what keeps us in in us in that idea. So what keeps us in in us in that idea. So what keeps us in in us in chains are chains are chains are emotions. So we want a world in which emotions. So we want a world in which emotions. So we want a world in which our reason prevails and we are control our reason prevails and we are control our reason prevails and we are control of our emotions. Then we'll be truly of our emotions. Then we'll be truly of our emotions. Then we'll be truly liberated. liberated. liberated. All the beneficent and generous passions All the beneficent and generous passions All the beneficent and generous passions are awakened by the laws where ambition are awakened by the laws where ambition are awakened by the laws where ambition becomes the desire to merit glory and to becomes the desire to merit glory and to becomes the desire to merit glory and to serve our country. Okay. So your serve our country. Okay. So your serve our country. Okay. So your ambition is not to gain wealth at the ambition is not to gain wealth at the ambition is not to gain wealth at the expense of others. Your ambition is to expense of others. Your ambition is to expense of others. Your ambition is to help the community grow and and thrive. help the community grow and and thrive. help the community grow and and thrive. Where distinctions are born only of Where distinctions are born only of Where distinctions are born only of equality itself. Where the citizen is equality itself. Where the citizen is equality itself. Where the citizen is subject to the magistrate, the subject to the magistrate, the subject to the magistrate, the magistrate to the people and the people magistrate to the people and the people magistrate to the people and the people to justice. Where our country assures to justice. Where our country assures to justice. Where our country assures the well-being of each individual and the well-being of each individual and the well-being of each individual and where each individual proudly enjoys our where each individual proudly enjoys our where each individual proudly enjoys our country's prosperity and glory. where country's prosperity and glory. where country's prosperity and glory. where every soul grows greater through the every soul grows greater through the every soul grows greater through the continual flow of republican sentiments continual flow of republican sentiments continual flow of republican sentiments and by the need of deserving the esteem and by the need of deserving the esteem and by the need of deserving the esteem of a great people where the arts are the of a great people where the arts are the of a great people where the arts are the adornance adornments of the liberty adornance adornments of the liberty adornance adornments of the liberty which enobles them and commerce the which enobles them and commerce the which enobles them and commerce the source of public wealth rather than source of public wealth rather than source of public wealth rather than solely the monstrous opulence of a few solely the monstrous opulence of a few solely the monstrous opulence of a few families guys he's talking about families guys he's talking about families guys he's talking about communism okay a world in which everyone communism okay a world in which everyone communism okay a world in which everyone is equal everyone is free to do what he is equal everyone is free to do what he is equal everyone is free to do what he or she wants and this will lead to the or she wants and this will lead to the or she wants and this will lead to the general prosper purity, wealth and general prosper purity, wealth and general prosper purity, wealth and happiness of the entire nation. Okay. happiness of the entire nation. Okay. happiness of the entire nation. Okay. So, Rose Pier is dreaming of a world in So, Rose Pier is dreaming of a world in So, Rose Pier is dreaming of a world in which everyone is equal. The great purity of the French equal. The great purity of the French revolution's fundamental elements, the revolution's fundamental elements, the revolution's fundamental elements, the very solity of its objective is very solity of its objective is very solity of its objective is processing what creates our strength and processing what creates our strength and processing what creates our strength and our our our weakness. Our idealism is what gives us weakness. Our idealism is what gives us weakness. Our idealism is what gives us power. Okay? Our strength because it power. Okay? Our strength because it power. Okay? Our strength because it gives us the victory of truth over gives us the victory of truth over gives us the victory of truth over deception and the rights of public deception and the rights of public deception and the rights of public interest over private interests. Our interest over private interests. Our interest over private interests. Our weakness because it rallies against us weakness because it rallies against us weakness because it rallies against us all men who are vicious. All those who all men who are vicious. All those who all men who are vicious. All those who in their hearts plan to desoil the in their hearts plan to desoil the in their hearts plan to desoil the people and all those who have desoiled people and all those who have desoiled people and all those who have desoiled them in what impunity and those who them in what impunity and those who them in what impunity and those who reject liberty as a personal calamity reject liberty as a personal calamity reject liberty as a personal calamity and those who have embraced the and those who have embraced the and those who have embraced the revolution as a livelihood and the revolution as a livelihood and the revolution as a livelihood and the republic as it were an object of prey. republic as it were an object of prey. republic as it were an object of prey. Okay. So we are fighting a war of good Okay. So we are fighting a war of good Okay. So we are fighting a war of good versus evil. Among us are men of good versus evil. Among us are men of good versus evil. Among us are men of good who want to build a better world who who want to build a better world who who want to build a better world who care for others. But there are also care for others. But there are also care for others. But there are also speculators among us who use speculators among us who use speculators among us who use the who use the revolution in order to the who use the revolution in order to the who use the revolution in order to advance his or her interest. Okay? advance his or her interest. Okay? advance his or her interest. Okay? That's why we're fighting this war. That's why we're fighting this war. That's why we're fighting this war. We're trying to rid the world of those We're trying to rid the world of those We're trying to rid the world of those who seek to who seek to who seek to exploit others, who pray on exploit others, who pray on exploit others, who pray on others, okay? Who enjoy being others, okay? Who enjoy being others, okay? Who enjoy being bad. That's why we're fighting this war. Hence the affection of so many war. Hence the affection of so many ambitious or greedy men who since the ambitious or greedy men who since the ambitious or greedy men who since the beginning have abandoned us along the beginning have abandoned us along the beginning have abandoned us along the way because they had not begun the way because they had not begun the way because they had not begun the voyage in order to reach the same goal. voyage in order to reach the same goal. voyage in order to reach the same goal. Okay. One could say that the two Okay. One could say that the two Okay. One could say that the two contrary geniuses that have been contrary geniuses that have been contrary geniuses that have been depicted competing for control of the depicted competing for control of the depicted competing for control of the realm of nature are fighting in this realm of nature are fighting in this realm of nature are fighting in this great epoch of human history to shape great epoch of human history to shape great epoch of human history to shape irrefibly the destiny of the world and irrefibly the destiny of the world and irrefibly the destiny of the world and that France is a theater of this mighty that France is a theater of this mighty that France is a theater of this mighty struggle. Okay, this is the end of the struggle. Okay, this is the end of the struggle. Okay, this is the end of the world. This is the end of the world. world. This is the end of the world. world. This is the end of the world. This is good versus evil. Good must This is good versus evil. Good must This is good versus evil. Good must triumph. It must. So every sacrifice triumph. It must. So every sacrifice triumph. It must. So every sacrifice must be made. Without all the tyrants must be made. Without all the tyrants must be made. Without all the tyrants encircle you within all the friends of encircle you within all the friends of encircle you within all the friends of ty conspire. They will conspire until ty conspire. They will conspire until ty conspire. They will conspire until crime has been robbed of hope. We must crime has been robbed of hope. We must crime has been robbed of hope. We must smother the internal and external smother the internal and external smother the internal and external enemies of the republic or parish in enemies of the republic or parish in enemies of the republic or parish in this situation. The first maximum of this situation. The first maximum of this situation. The first maximum of your policy ought to be to lead the your policy ought to be to lead the your policy ought to be to lead the people by reason and the people's enemy people by reason and the people's enemy people by reason and the people's enemy by terror. Okay. This reign of terror. by terror. Okay. This reign of terror. by terror. Okay. This reign of terror. It is It is It is about the ultimate victory against evil. about the ultimate victory against evil. about the ultimate victory against evil. We are killing our enemies because our We are killing our enemies because our We are killing our enemies because our enemies destroy want to destroy all good enemies destroy want to destroy all good enemies destroy want to destroy all good in the world. If the main spring of popular world. If the main spring of popular government in peace time is virtue amid government in peace time is virtue amid government in peace time is virtue amid revolution, it is at the same time revolution, it is at the same time revolution, it is at the same time virtue and terror. Virtue without which virtue and terror. Virtue without which virtue and terror. Virtue without which terror is fatal, terror without which terror is fatal, terror without which terror is fatal, terror without which virtue is impotent. Terror is nothing virtue is impotent. Terror is nothing virtue is impotent. Terror is nothing but prompt, severe, inflexible justice. but prompt, severe, inflexible justice. but prompt, severe, inflexible justice. It is therefore an emanation of It is therefore an emanation of It is therefore an emanation of virtue. It is less a special principle virtue. It is less a special principle virtue. It is less a special principle than a consequence of a general than a consequence of a general than a consequence of a general principle of democracy applied to our principle of democracy applied to our principle of democracy applied to our country's most pressing country's most pressing country's most pressing needs. We have to be as brutal as our as needs. We have to be as brutal as our as needs. We have to be as brutal as our as enemies if we are truly to promote enemies if we are truly to promote enemies if we are truly to promote democracy. And there's no there's no democracy. And there's no there's no democracy. And there's no there's no other choice. All right. So the ring of terror choice. All right. So the ring of terror is just one policy that rotier adopts in is just one policy that rotier adopts in is just one policy that rotier adopts in order to save the revolution. But he order to save the revolution. But he order to save the revolution. But he also adopts a new religion called the also adopts a new religion called the also adopts a new religion called the festival the call of the supreme being. festival the call of the supreme being. festival the call of the supreme being. Okay. This is a new religion where god Okay. This is a new religion where god Okay. This is a new religion where god is the god of reason. All right. So is the god of reason. All right. So is the god of reason. All right. So rophere is adopting a lot of different rophere is adopting a lot of different rophere is adopting a lot of different policies and again he is working policies and again he is working policies and again he is working selflessly in order to promote the selflessly in order to promote the selflessly in order to promote the revolution. But eventually he gets revolution. But eventually he gets revolution. But eventually he gets exhausted. Okay. He just breaks down. He exhausted. Okay. He just breaks down. He exhausted. Okay. He just breaks down. He has he has a nervous breakdown because has he has a nervous breakdown because has he has a nervous breakdown because it's too hard. Like he wants people to it's too hard. Like he wants people to it's too hard. Like he wants people to be virtuous. He wants people to be be virtuous. He wants people to be be virtuous. He wants people to be reasonable. And everywhere he sees like reasonable. And everywhere he sees like reasonable. And everywhere he sees like he sees everyone in front of him and he sees everyone in front of him and he sees everyone in front of him and everyone's in everyone's plotting everyone's in everyone's plotting everyone's in everyone's plotting against him. Everyone's trying to against him. Everyone's trying to against him. Everyone's trying to exploit the revolution for his or her exploit the revolution for his or her exploit the revolution for his or her own benefit. Okay. And own benefit. Okay. And own benefit. Okay. And eventually Rosepur is brought down and eventually Rosepur is brought down and eventually Rosepur is brought down and he is guillotine. Okay. he is guillotine. Okay. he is guillotine. Okay. But let us look at his last speech to But let us look at his last speech to But let us look at his last speech to fully understand how he sees the fully understand how he sees the fully understand how he sees the revolution and his own death. Okay, this revolution and his own death. Okay, this revolution and his own death. Okay, this is his last speech before the National is his last speech before the National is his last speech before the National Assembly. This is two days before he is Assembly. This is two days before he is Assembly. This is two days before he is to be executed. Okay, this is July 26, to be executed. Okay, this is July 26, to be executed. Okay, this is July 26, 1794. The enemies of the republic called 1794. The enemies of the republic called 1794. The enemies of the republic called me tyrant. Okay, the the National me tyrant. Okay, the the National me tyrant. Okay, the the National Assembly is now calling for his Assembly is now calling for his Assembly is now calling for his execution because he's a execution because he's a execution because he's a tyrant. I were I such they would gravel tyrant. I were I such they would gravel tyrant. I were I such they would gravel at my feet. I would gorge them with at my feet. I would gorge them with at my feet. I would gorge them with gold. I should grant them impunity for gold. I should grant them impunity for gold. I should grant them impunity for their crimes and they would be grateful. their crimes and they would be grateful. their crimes and they would be grateful. Right? If I'm a tyrant, then I would Right? If I'm a tyrant, then I would Right? If I'm a tyrant, then I would make political alliances. I would bribe make political alliances. I would bribe make political alliances. I would bribe people. I would benefit people. But I people. I would benefit people. But I people. I would benefit people. But I don't do that. I incorruptible. I'm don't do that. I incorruptible. I'm don't do that. I incorruptible. I'm virtuous. Were such the kings we have virtuous. Were such the kings we have virtuous. Were such the kings we have vanquished far from denouncing ropier vanquished far from denouncing ropier vanquished far from denouncing ropier would lend me their guilty support. would lend me their guilty support. would lend me their guilty support. Okay. So the kings of England, Okay. So the kings of England, Okay. So the kings of England, Netherlands, Austria, Prussia, Russia Netherlands, Austria, Prussia, Russia Netherlands, Austria, Prussia, Russia are all aligned against the French are all aligned against the French are all aligned against the French Revolution. Why? Because they're afraid Revolution. Why? Because they're afraid Revolution. Why? Because they're afraid of revolution at home. Right? So ropes of revolution at home. Right? So ropes of revolution at home. Right? So ropes are saying, "Listen, if I if I just are saying, "Listen, if I if I just are saying, "Listen, if I if I just become a king, they would marry their become a king, they would marry their become a king, they would marry their daughter to me and we all be one big daughter to me and we all be one big daughter to me and we all be one big happy family." Okay? They would not they happy family." Okay? They would not they happy family." Okay? They would not they would not see me as a threat. would not see me as a threat. would not see me as a threat. There would be a covenant between them There would be a covenant between them There would be a covenant between them and me. Tyrony must have tools. But the and me. Tyrony must have tools. But the and me. Tyrony must have tools. But the enemies of tyranny, whether does their enemies of tyranny, whether does their enemies of tyranny, whether does their path tend to the tomb and to path tend to the tomb and to path tend to the tomb and to immortality, what tyrant is my immortality, what tyrant is my immortality, what tyrant is my protector? To what faction do I belong? protector? To what faction do I belong? protector? To what faction do I belong? Yourselves. Everything I've done is for Yourselves. Everything I've done is for Yourselves. Everything I've done is for the people of France. And you know this since the beginning of the this since the beginning of the revolution has crushed and annied so revolution has crushed and annied so revolution has crushed and annied so many detected traders. You the people many detected traders. You the people many detected traders. You the people our principles are that faction a our principles are that faction a our principles are that faction a faction to which I am devoted and faction to which I am devoted and faction to which I am devoted and against which all the scoundrelism of against which all the scoundrelism of against which all the scoundrelism of the day is banded. Okay. It is because I the day is banded. Okay. It is because I the day is banded. Okay. It is because I Wilia and the and the only virtuous Wilia and the and the only virtuous Wilia and the and the only virtuous person who has fought for the person who has fought for the person who has fought for the revolution. Now do you conspire against revolution. Now do you conspire against revolution. Now do you conspire against me? The confirmation of the republic has me? The confirmation of the republic has me? The confirmation of the republic has been my object and I know that the been my object and I know that the been my object and I know that the republic can be established only on the republic can be established only on the republic can be established only on the internal basis of morality. Okay. it. internal basis of morality. Okay. it. internal basis of morality. Okay. it. Only if we are virtuous can we win out Only if we are virtuous can we win out Only if we are virtuous can we win out in the end against evil. Against me, in the end against evil. Against me, in the end against evil. Against me, against those who hold kindred against those who hold kindred against those who hold kindred principles, the league is formed. My principles, the league is formed. My principles, the league is formed. My life, oh my life, I abandon without a life, oh my life, I abandon without a life, oh my life, I abandon without a regret. I have seen the past. I foresee regret. I have seen the past. I foresee regret. I have seen the past. I foresee the future. I am the the future. I am the the future. I am the prophet. I have seen the past and I prophet. I have seen the past and I prophet. I have seen the past and I foresee the future. You will kill me. I foresee the future. You will kill me. I foresee the future. You will kill me. I accept my accept my accept my fate. What friend of his country would fate. What friend of his country would fate. What friend of his country would wish to survive the moment when he could wish to survive the moment when he could wish to survive the moment when he could no longer serve it? when he could no no longer serve it? when he could no no longer serve it? when he could no longer defend innocence against longer defend innocence against longer defend innocence against oppression. You have taken away my oppression. You have taken away my oppression. You have taken away my powers. Fine. Take away my life as well. powers. Fine. Take away my life as well. powers. Fine. Take away my life as well. Because I serve, I live only to Because I serve, I live only to Because I serve, I live only to serve. Wherefore should I continue in an serve. Wherefore should I continue in an serve. Wherefore should I continue in an order of things? Where intrigue order of things? Where intrigue order of things? Where intrigue eternally triumphs over truth? Where eternally triumphs over truth? Where eternally triumphs over truth? Where justice is mocked, where passions the justice is mocked, where passions the justice is mocked, where passions the most object or fears the most absurd most object or fears the most absurd most object or fears the most absurd over the sacred interests of humanity. over the sacred interests of humanity. over the sacred interests of humanity. The pollution has so the revolution has The pollution has so the revolution has The pollution has so the revolution has been polluted. It is is now corrupt. If been polluted. It is is now corrupt. If been polluted. It is is now corrupt. If it if you take my life, I I'll be glad it if you take my life, I I'll be glad it if you take my life, I I'll be glad to give it to to give it to to give it to you. Question history and learn how all you. Question history and learn how all you. Question history and learn how all the defenders of liberty in all times the defenders of liberty in all times the defenders of liberty in all times have been overwhelmed by calamity. Okay. have been overwhelmed by calamity. Okay. have been overwhelmed by calamity. Okay. All prophets in their time were All prophets in their time were All prophets in their time were prosecuted including Jesus and Socrates. prosecuted including Jesus and Socrates. prosecuted including Jesus and Socrates. But their producers died also. The good But their producers died also. The good But their producers died also. The good and the bad disappear alike from the and the bad disappear alike from the and the bad disappear alike from the earth but in very different conditions. earth but in very different conditions. earth but in very different conditions. Oh Frenchmen, oh my countrymen, let not Oh Frenchmen, oh my countrymen, let not Oh Frenchmen, oh my countrymen, let not your enemies with their desolating your enemies with their desolating your enemies with their desolating doctrines degrade your souls and doctrines degrade your souls and doctrines degrade your souls and innovate your virtues. Now is the time innovate your virtues. Now is the time innovate your virtues. Now is the time to stand up and fight for the to stand up and fight for the to stand up and fight for the revolution. I may die, but the revolution. I may die, but the revolution. I may die, but the revolution must live. Death is not an revolution must live. Death is not an revolution must live. Death is not an internal sleep. Citizens if face the internal sleep. Citizens if face the internal sleep. Citizens if face the tomb that motto graven byious hands which spreads motto graven byious hands which spreads over all nature a funeral crepe takes over all nature a funeral crepe takes over all nature a funeral crepe takes from oppressed innocence its support and from oppressed innocence its support and from oppressed innocence its support and affronts the beneficent disposition of affronts the beneficent disposition of affronts the beneficent disposition of death. Inscribe rather therefore these death. Inscribe rather therefore these death. Inscribe rather therefore these words. Death is the commencement of words. Death is the commencement of words. Death is the commencement of immortality. I leave to the oppressures immortality. I leave to the oppressures immortality. I leave to the oppressures of the people a terrible testament which of the people a terrible testament which of the people a terrible testament which I proclaim with the independence I proclaim with the independence I proclaim with the independence befetting one whose career is so nearly befetting one whose career is so nearly befetting one whose career is so nearly ended. It is the awful truth. Thou shalt ended. It is the awful truth. Thou shalt ended. It is the awful truth. Thou shalt die. Yes, today I die but so will you. die. Yes, today I die but so will you. die. Yes, today I die but so will you. And when we all die, we must face our And when we all die, we must face our And when we all die, we must face our maker. We must all see God and we must maker. We must all see God and we must maker. We must all see God and we must account for our lives. I go to God in full conscious. I'm happy to go God in full conscious. I'm happy to go directly to God and await my fate. Okay? directly to God and await my fate. Okay? directly to God and await my fate. Okay? And these are his last words. Why should And these are his last words. Why should And these are his last words. Why should I where should live under system where I where should live under system where I where should live under system where intrigue triumphs over truth where intrigue triumphs over truth where intrigue triumphs over truth where justice is a lie where the basis justice is a lie where the basis justice is a lie where the basis passions and the most ridiculous of passions and the most ridiculous of passions and the most ridiculous of terrors supersede in man's heart the terrors supersede in man's heart the terrors supersede in man's heart the most sacred duties. Why should I regret most sacred duties. Why should I regret most sacred duties. Why should I regret to escape from the eternal torture of to escape from the eternal torture of to escape from the eternal torture of seeing this horrible secession of seeing this horrible secession of seeing this horrible secession of traitors who by concealing the turpitude traitors who by concealing the turpitude traitors who by concealing the turpitude of their souls under the veil of virtue of their souls under the veil of virtue of their souls under the veil of virtue and even of friendship will leave and even of friendship will leave and even of friendship will leave prosperity in doubt which was the prosperity in doubt which was the prosperity in doubt which was the greater their cowardice or their crimes. greater their cowardice or their crimes. greater their cowardice or their crimes. You members of the national assembly You members of the national assembly You members of the national assembly were elected to serve the people. You were elected to serve the people. You were elected to serve the people. You have only served yourself. You have only have only served yourself. You have only have only served yourself. You have only fought for your own economic interests. fought for your own economic interests. fought for your own economic interests. And because you see me as a threat, you And because you see me as a threat, you And because you see me as a threat, you see Rose Pierre as a man of purity, of see Rose Pierre as a man of purity, of see Rose Pierre as a man of purity, of virtue, of reason. You conspire against virtue, of reason. You conspire against virtue, of reason. You conspire against me. And I am happy to be condemned to me. And I am happy to be condemned to me. And I am happy to be condemned to death because it will it will liberate death because it will it will liberate death because it will it will liberate me from this evil world that you have me from this evil world that you have me from this evil world that you have created. But upon my death, there shall created. But upon my death, there shall created. But upon my death, there shall come come come vengeance. vengeance. vengeance. Okay? So that's it guys. That's Rob's Okay? So that's it guys. That's Rob's Okay? So that's it guys. That's Rob's pier. All right. So, does does this make So, does does this make sense? Okay. He sees himself as a sense? Okay. He sees himself as a sense? Okay. He sees himself as a prophet who must save the prophet who must save the prophet who must save the revolution. At first, he believes that revolution. At first, he believes that revolution. At first, he believes that he must kill his enemies, the enemies of he must kill his enemies, the enemies of he must kill his enemies, the enemies of the revolution in order to save the the revolution in order to save the the revolution in order to save the revolution. But then he recognizes that revolution. But then he recognizes that revolution. But then he recognizes that no no no this ring of terror is not no no no this ring of terror is not no no no this ring of terror is not really about energizing the people. It's really about energizing the people. It's really about energizing the people. It's really about really about really about eliminating the eliminating the eliminating the enemies of his allies. Okay? It's really enemies of his allies. Okay? It's really enemies of his allies. Okay? It's really about political intrigue. And so he about political intrigue. And so he about political intrigue. And so he recognizes that if this revolution is to recognizes that if this revolution is to recognizes that if this revolution is to really triumph then he must make the really triumph then he must make the really triumph then he must make the ultimate sacrifice. Rather than try to ultimate sacrifice. Rather than try to ultimate sacrifice. Rather than try to cease the crown, he must give his life cease the crown, he must give his life cease the crown, he must give his life for the revolution to set an example for for the revolution to set an example for for the revolution to set an example for everyone, especially the oppressed and everyone, especially the oppressed and everyone, especially the oppressed and the weak. And after he the weak. And after he the weak. And after he dies, this will energize France. It will dies, this will energize France. It will dies, this will energize France. It will unite France. It becomes a hurricane. unite France. It becomes a hurricane. unite France. It becomes a hurricane. Okay? The French revolution now becomes Okay? The French revolution now becomes Okay? The French revolution now becomes a hurricane. All right? And Napoleon a hurricane. All right? And Napoleon a hurricane. All right? And Napoleon will come. He will take this hurricane will come. He will take this hurricane will come. He will take this hurricane and he will unleash it on the entire and he will unleash it on the entire and he will unleash it on the entire world and he will conquer the entire world and he will conquer the entire world and he will conquer the entire world. And that's what we'll do in the world. And that's what we'll do in the world. And that's what we'll do in the next class. Okay? We'll look at next class. Okay? We'll look at next class. Okay? We'll look at Napoleon. But does this make sense to Napoleon. But does this make sense to Napoleon. But does this make sense to you you you guys? Any Okay. Okay. So um the question Okay. Okay. So um the question is are people conscious of what Rose is is are people conscious of what Rose is is are people conscious of what Rose is doing? And I I I know this is a hard doing? And I I I know this is a hard doing? And I I I know this is a hard argument. Um and I I I know this is hard argument. Um and I I I know this is hard argument. Um and I I I know this is hard to understand, but this is all happening to understand, but this is all happening to understand, but this is all happening subconsciously. Okay, this is all subconsciously. Okay, this is all subconsciously. Okay, this is all happening without people being happening without people being happening without people being aware of it. Rosephere is not aware of aware of it. Rosephere is not aware of aware of it. Rosephere is not aware of it. The people are not aware of it. it. The people are not aware of it. it. The people are not aware of it. Okay, so the argument goes like this. Okay, so the argument goes like this. Okay, so the argument goes like this. First of First of First of all, mythology is the collective mythology is the collective subconscious. Okay, mythology is a collective Okay, mythology is a collective subconscious. That that's the first subconscious. That that's the first subconscious. That that's the first idea. Okay, does that make sense to you? idea. Okay, does that make sense to you? idea. Okay, does that make sense to you? Okay, second idea is Okay, second idea is Okay, second idea is this. When this. When this. When authority breaks mythology takes mythology takes over. Okay, do you understand? Okay, the over. Okay, do you understand? Okay, the over. Okay, do you understand? Okay, the arament is this. Usually someone in arament is this. Usually someone in arament is this. Usually someone in authority orders people around, right? authority orders people around, right? authority orders people around, right? Someone in authority, whether it's a Someone in authority, whether it's a Someone in authority, whether it's a general or a priest or a teacher, tells general or a priest or a teacher, tells general or a priest or a teacher, tells you what to do. But when you deny this you what to do. But when you deny this you what to do. But when you deny this authority, when you reject this authority, when you reject this authority, when you reject this authority, what tells you what to do? authority, what tells you what to do? authority, what tells you what to do? Well, mythology. Okay, your collective Well, mythology. Okay, your collective Well, mythology. Okay, your collective subconscious. Okay, you are guided by subconscious. Okay, you are guided by subconscious. Okay, you are guided by your collective subconscious even though your collective subconscious even though your collective subconscious even though you don't know it. Right. The third argument is that Right. The third argument is that mythology is essentially a mythology is essentially a mythology is essentially a play. Okay. A mythology is a play. It's play. Okay. A mythology is a play. It's play. Okay. A mythology is a play. It's a a a story. story. story. And this play requires And this play requires And this play requires actors. Okay. So the actors. Okay. So the actors. Okay. So the leaders become now the actors. leaders become now the actors. leaders become now the actors. this play must take place because that's this play must take place because that's this play must take place because that's what people want. Now you need actors. what people want. Now you need actors. what people want. Now you need actors. You need volunteers to come and be the You need volunteers to come and be the You need volunteers to come and be the actors in this play. So whoever choose actors in this play. So whoever choose actors in this play. So whoever choose who whoever volunteers now must play who whoever volunteers now must play who whoever volunteers now must play that role and then people will follow that role and then people will follow that role and then people will follow that person. Okay? So Rose Pierre played that person. Okay? So Rose Pierre played that person. Okay? So Rose Pierre played the role role of Jesus. So people the role role of Jesus. So people the role role of Jesus. So people followed him even though people don't followed him even though people don't followed him even though people don't really know why they're following him. really know why they're following him. really know why they're following him. Okay? Does that make sense? But they're Okay? Does that make sense? But they're Okay? Does that make sense? But they're following him because he's willing to following him because he's willing to following him because he's willing to play the role that's required of him in play the role that's required of him in play the role that's required of him in this play that's being acted out during this play that's being acted out during this play that's being acted out during the French the French the French Revolution. Revolution. Revolution. Okay? But, and this is really Okay? But, and this is really Okay? But, and this is really important, this play only important, this play only important, this play only works if people play the role they're works if people play the role they're works if people play the role they're supposed to play. When they speak the supposed to play. When they speak the supposed to play. When they speak the lines they're supposed to speak, right? lines they're supposed to speak, right? lines they're supposed to speak, right? That's really important because what That's really important because what That's really important because what happens is if people break the role and happens is if people break the role and happens is if people break the role and instead of people listen I was just instead of people listen I was just instead of people listen I was just acting the entire play acting the entire play acting the entire play dies. Okay, the play dies. Why is this dies. Okay, the play dies. Why is this dies. Okay, the play dies. Why is this important? Because next class we will important? Because next class we will important? Because next class we will look at Napoleon. Okay, in the beginning look at Napoleon. Okay, in the beginning look at Napoleon. Okay, in the beginning the Napoleon is playing his role, right? the Napoleon is playing his role, right? the Napoleon is playing his role, right? He's the Messiah come to earth to lead He's the Messiah come to earth to lead He's the Messiah come to earth to lead the French people to final victory the French people to final victory the French people to final victory against evil to unite the world in good. against evil to unite the world in good. against evil to unite the world in good. He's playing that role. But then he does He's playing that role. But then he does He's playing that role. But then he does something that he should not do and something that he should not do and something that he should not do and which breaks the play and which is what which breaks the play and which is what which breaks the play and which is what you guys do you guys know what does do you guys do you guys know what does do you guys do you guys know what does do that roast doesn't that roast doesn't that roast doesn't do? That's right. He declares himself do? That's right. He declares himself do? That's right. He declares himself emperor and you're not supposed to do emperor and you're not supposed to do emperor and you're not supposed to do that. Okay. If you're roastier you would that. Okay. If you're roastier you would that. Okay. If you're roastier you would never declare yourself emperor. You can never declare yourself emperor. You can never declare yourself emperor. You can make yourself first citizen. You can make yourself first citizen. You can make yourself first citizen. You can make yourself counsel, dictator, make yourself counsel, dictator, make yourself counsel, dictator, whatever, but you cannot make yourself whatever, but you cannot make yourself whatever, but you cannot make yourself emperor because now you're like everyone emperor because now you're like everyone emperor because now you're like everyone else, right? And when he does that, this else, right? And when he does that, this else, right? And when he does that, this is very important, he destroys the is very important, he destroys the is very important, he destroys the French Revolution. And after that, French Revolution. And after that, French Revolution. And after that, France is now destroyed by their France is now destroyed by their France is now destroyed by their enemies. Napoleon enemies. Napoleon enemies. Napoleon falls. falls. falls. Okay? Does that make sense Okay? Does that make sense Okay? Does that make sense guys? So only if you are playing your guys? So only if you are playing your guys? So only if you are playing your role can this play work out. Once this role can this play work out. Once this role can this play work out. Once this play works out, people are energized to play works out, people are energized to play works out, people are energized to sacrifice their sacrifice their sacrifice their lives. Okay. The reason why Napoleon at lives. Okay. The reason why Napoleon at lives. Okay. The reason why Napoleon at first could defeat all his enemies is first could defeat all his enemies is first could defeat all his enemies is his soldiers were not afraid to die. his soldiers were not afraid to die. his soldiers were not afraid to die. Okay? They didn't care. They're like, Okay? They didn't care. They're like, Okay? They didn't care. They're like, "Well, you know, if we die, we're going "Well, you know, if we die, we're going "Well, you know, if we die, we're going to heaven." That that's what World War to heaven." That that's what World War to heaven." That that's what World War did. Okay? But we'll discuss this next did. Okay? But we'll discuss this next did. Okay? But we'll discuss this next class. Okay. Does that make sense? So, class. Okay. Does that make sense? So, class. Okay. Does that make sense? So, so it's a hard argument to make because so it's a hard argument to make because so it's a hard argument to make because like I'm I'm arguing like there is a like I'm I'm arguing like there is a like I'm I'm arguing like there is a subconscious operating system to society subconscious operating system to society subconscious operating system to society that we don't ever see, okay, that we that we don't ever see, okay, that we that we don't ever see, okay, that we don't we don't ever talk about. But once don't we don't ever talk about. But once don't we don't ever talk about. But once we see this, okay, then it helps us we see this, okay, then it helps us we see this, okay, then it helps us explain the world we live explain the world we live explain the world we live in. It explains a lot of history to us. in. It explains a lot of history to us. in. It explains a lot of history to us. But you need to be able to see it first. But you need to be able to see it first. But you need to be able to see it first. And most people don't see it. Okay, if And most people don't see it. Okay, if And most people don't see it. Okay, if you look at the traditional accounts of you look at the traditional accounts of you look at the traditional accounts of the French Revolution, it's always these the French Revolution, it's always these the French Revolution, it's always these economic, political, structural forces. economic, political, structural forces. economic, political, structural forces. Okay, I'm presenting a different idea Okay, I'm presenting a different idea Okay, I'm presenting a different idea here. Okay, does that make sense? Great. here. Okay, does that make sense? Great. here. Okay, does that make sense? Great. Any any any other questions? Terror is kind of human and it is Terror is kind of human and it is a way to No, no. Um, the reign of terror was a No, no. Um, the reign of terror was a form of human sacrifice, okay? They form of human sacrifice, okay? They form of human sacrifice, okay? They literally took their enemies and they literally took their enemies and they literally took their enemies and they killed them in front of everyone, right? killed them in front of everyone, right? killed them in front of everyone, right? And that's no different from the Aztecs, And that's no different from the Aztecs, And that's no different from the Aztecs, no different from the Vikings, no no different from the Vikings, no no different from the Vikings, no different from the Romans. Okay? These different from the Romans. Okay? These different from the Romans. Okay? These are all societies that practice human are all societies that practice human are all societies that practice human sacrifice in order to unite the people, sacrifice in order to unite the people, sacrifice in order to unite the people, right? To galvanize the people, energize right? To galvanize the people, energize right? To galvanize the people, energize them, create blood lust, to terrorize them, create blood lust, to terrorize them, create blood lust, to terrorize their enemies, and to break taboo, to their enemies, and to break taboo, to their enemies, and to break taboo, to tell to send a message that we will tell to send a message that we will tell to send a message that we will never go back. never go back. never go back. We are going towards total victory. We We are going towards total victory. We We are going towards total victory. We won't surrender. We won't compromise. won't surrender. We won't compromise. won't surrender. We won't compromise. Okay? It has nothing to do with Jesus. Okay? It has nothing to do with Jesus. Okay? It has nothing to do with Jesus. In fact, Jesus, the story of Jesus is to In fact, Jesus, the story of Jesus is to In fact, Jesus, the story of Jesus is to tell us we no longer need human tell us we no longer need human tell us we no longer need human sacrifice because Jesus made the sacrifice because Jesus made the sacrifice because Jesus made the ultimate sacrifice. ultimate sacrifice. ultimate sacrifice. Okay? Does that make sense? Okay. But um Okay? Does that make sense? Okay. But um Okay? Does that make sense? Okay. But um but the ring of terror, what it did was but the ring of terror, what it did was but the ring of terror, what it did was unleash all this energy. Okay. Okay. And unleash all this energy. Okay. Okay. And unleash all this energy. Okay. Okay. And this energy, it's polluted energy this energy, it's polluted energy this energy, it's polluted energy because it's it's it's it's based on because it's it's it's it's based on because it's it's it's it's based on violence, on vengeance, on hatred. violence, on vengeance, on hatred. violence, on vengeance, on hatred. Right. So what Voltfeir decides to do, Right. So what Voltfeir decides to do, Right. So what Voltfeir decides to do, and it's very clever of him, he needs to and it's very clever of him, he needs to and it's very clever of him, he needs to now to purify this energy. Right? And now to purify this energy. Right? And now to purify this energy. Right? And how do you purify this energy? By how do you purify this energy? By how do you purify this energy? By becoming a scapegoat. By sacrificing becoming a scapegoat. By sacrificing becoming a scapegoat. By sacrificing yourself by telling the French people yourself by telling the French people yourself by telling the French people the ring of terror was not your fault, the ring of terror was not your fault, the ring of terror was not your fault, it was my fault. Blame me. Sacrifice me. it was my fault. Blame me. Sacrifice me. it was my fault. Blame me. Sacrifice me. Okay. For what happened? I will take the Okay. For what happened? I will take the Okay. For what happened? I will take the guilt of the guilt of the guilt of the nation. I will cleanse cleanse you of nation. I will cleanse cleanse you of nation. I will cleanse cleanse you of your sins so that you may move on. Okay, your sins so that you may move on. Okay, your sins so that you may move on. Okay, does that does that make sense? Okay, does that does that make sense? Okay, does that does that make sense? Okay, good. Any more questions? Great good. Any more questions? Great good. Any more questions? Great questions, guys. Okay. All right. So, this ends guys. Okay. All right. So, this ends part two of the French Revolution. Next part two of the French Revolution. Next part two of the French Revolution. Next class on Tuesday is Napoleon and this class on Tuesday is Napoleon and this class on Tuesday is Napoleon and this will end the French Revolution trilogy. will end the French Revolution trilogy. will end the French Revolution trilogy. Okay.