Okay. So um the question we are looking Okay. So um the question we are looking at today is how did English be how did at today is how did English be how did at today is how did English be how did England become the greatest empire in England become the greatest empire in England become the greatest empire in human history. This is about the 19th human history. This is about the 19th human history. This is about the 19th century when the British Empire century when the British Empire century when the British Empire um is at its peak. As you can see it um is at its peak. As you can see it um is at its peak. As you can see it really controls most of the world. Um so really controls most of the world. Um so really controls most of the world. Um so the question then is how did this the question then is how did this the question then is how did this happen? Why is it that England was able happen? Why is it that England was able happen? Why is it that England was able to surpass Spain, France, Germany, the to surpass Spain, France, Germany, the to surpass Spain, France, Germany, the Holy Roman Holy Roman Holy Roman Empire, Russia to become the dominant um Empire, Russia to become the dominant um Empire, Russia to become the dominant um hegeimon in the world. So my argument to hegeimon in the world. So my argument to hegeimon in the world. So my argument to you today is it has to do with the fact you today is it has to do with the fact you today is it has to do with the fact that throughout its history, England was that throughout its history, England was that throughout its history, England was forced to innovate in a more rigorous forced to innovate in a more rigorous forced to innovate in a more rigorous and religious way than other nations and and religious way than other nations and and religious way than other nations and a lot has to do with its a lot has to do with its a lot has to do with its geography. Okay. So as you can see from geography. Okay. So as you can see from geography. Okay. So as you can see from its geography its geography its geography um Great Britain, this is Ireland, this um Great Britain, this is Ireland, this um Great Britain, this is Ireland, this is England, Wales, Scotland, it is an is England, Wales, Scotland, it is an is England, Wales, Scotland, it is an extremely mountainous extremely mountainous extremely mountainous region and with very they have a lot of region and with very they have a lot of region and with very they have a lot of rivers but there are no major rivers rivers but there are no major rivers rivers but there are no major rivers which mean which meant that for most of which mean which meant that for most of which mean which meant that for most of its history its history its history uh Britain never had a major population uh Britain never had a major population uh Britain never had a major population center that could grow and grow until it center that could grow and grow until it center that could grow and grow until it overwhelmed the entire geographic um overwhelmed the entire geographic um overwhelmed the entire geographic um area. This meant that for most of its area. This meant that for most of its area. This meant that for most of its history, England um Britain was engaged history, England um Britain was engaged history, England um Britain was engaged in a in a process what we call open in a in a process what we call open in a in a process what we call open competitive cooperation. competitive cooperation. competitive cooperation. Not only that, but because this area um Not only that, but because this area um Not only that, but because this area um is very mountainous and because these is very mountainous and because these is very mountainous and because these groups, these tribes are divided um groups, these tribes are divided um groups, these tribes are divided um heavily amongst themselves. Throughout heavily amongst themselves. Throughout heavily amongst themselves. Throughout most of its history, Britain is actually most of its history, Britain is actually most of its history, Britain is actually pretty easy to invade. They have no pretty easy to invade. They have no pretty easy to invade. They have no centralized authority. So it's possible centralized authority. So it's possible centralized authority. So it's possible for um other groups of people to come for um other groups of people to come for um other groups of people to come and create settlements in Britain which and create settlements in Britain which and create settlements in Britain which is what the Vikings did which is also is what the Vikings did which is also is what the Vikings did which is also what um the Romans the Annayiah uh so what um the Romans the Annayiah uh so what um the Romans the Annayiah uh so throughout its throughout its throughout its history Britain had undergo had history Britain had undergo had history Britain had undergo had underwent a series of great destruction underwent a series of great destruction underwent a series of great destruction where the elites were constantly where the elites were constantly where the elites were constantly replaced by new elites. Okay. And replaced by new elites. Okay. And replaced by new elites. Okay. And because Britain is poor, because there's because Britain is poor, because there's because Britain is poor, because there's so much conflict uh within Britain, so much conflict uh within Britain, so much conflict uh within Britain, eventually um the English people were eventually um the English people were eventually um the English people were forced to migrate overseas to create new forced to migrate overseas to create new forced to migrate overseas to create new opportunities. Um and this process of opportunities. Um and this process of opportunities. Um and this process of colonial expansion led to the British colonial expansion led to the British colonial expansion led to the British Empire. Okay, so there's a famous saying Empire. Okay, so there's a famous saying Empire. Okay, so there's a famous saying that the British Empire was founded by that the British Empire was founded by that the British Empire was founded by accident. Okay, there was no intention accident. Okay, there was no intention accident. Okay, there was no intention to create this empire but because of to create this empire but because of to create this empire but because of these historical geographic demographic these historical geographic demographic these historical geographic demographic forces, Britain became the world's forces, Britain became the world's forces, Britain became the world's largest empire. Um let's very quickly largest empire. Um let's very quickly largest empire. Um let's very quickly look at Britain's demographic history. look at Britain's demographic history. look at Britain's demographic history. So for most of it of its history because So for most of it of its history because So for most of it of its history because of its geography, because of the fact of its geography, because of the fact of its geography, because of the fact that it was poor and divided, the that it was poor and divided, the that it was poor and divided, the population of Britain stayed very flat. population of Britain stayed very flat. population of Britain stayed very flat. Okay, up until the year thousand. What Okay, up until the year thousand. What Okay, up until the year thousand. What happened in the year thousand? Well, happened in the year thousand? Well, happened in the year thousand? Well, Europe became wealthier and wealthier um Europe became wealthier and wealthier um Europe became wealthier and wealthier um and engaged in a protoindustrial and and engaged in a protoindustrial and and engaged in a protoindustrial and agricultural revolution which caused agricultural revolution which caused agricultural revolution which caused demographic the the demographic to demographic the the demographic to demographic the the demographic to increase. But increase. But increase. But unfortunately, if your demographics unfortunately, if your demographics unfortunately, if your demographics increase but you don't have improvements increase but you don't have improvements increase but you don't have improvements in sanitation, in health, in nutrition, in sanitation, in health, in nutrition, in sanitation, in health, in nutrition, well, what happens? You have something well, what happens? You have something well, what happens? You have something called the black death, which causes the called the black death, which causes the called the black death, which causes the entire population of Europe, including entire population of Europe, including entire population of Europe, including Britain, to collapse. Okay. Um after the Britain, to collapse. Okay. Um after the Britain, to collapse. Okay. Um after the black death um the uh Europeans start to black death um the uh Europeans start to black death um the uh Europeans start to engage in the gunpowder revolution. Um engage in the gunpowder revolution. Um engage in the gunpowder revolution. Um and with that you have and with that you have and with that you have industrialization, urbanization and that industrialization, urbanization and that industrialization, urbanization and that causes the population to increase. But causes the population to increase. But causes the population to increase. But if you see about the middle of the 16th if you see about the middle of the 16th if you see about the middle of the 16th cent 17th century up until about year up cent 17th century up until about year up cent 17th century up until about year up until about 1800 the population is flat. until about 1800 the population is flat. until about 1800 the population is flat. This is what we call the industrial This is what we call the industrial This is what we call the industrial revolution in Britain. Britain is the revolution in Britain. Britain is the revolution in Britain. Britain is the first European nation to undergo the first European nation to undergo the first European nation to undergo the industrial revolution. What what that industrial revolution. What what that industrial revolution. What what that meant is you have this massive migration meant is you have this massive migration meant is you have this massive migration from the rural areas into the urban from the rural areas into the urban from the rural areas into the urban areas especially London. Okay. So why areas especially London. Okay. So why areas especially London. Okay. So why would this population or demographic would this population or demographic would this population or demographic shift cause the population to stay flat? shift cause the population to stay flat? shift cause the population to stay flat? Well, the first reason is it's really Well, the first reason is it's really Well, the first reason is it's really really unsafe in the cities. diseases, really unsafe in the cities. diseases, really unsafe in the cities. diseases, malnutrition, and lack of sanation cause malnutrition, and lack of sanation cause malnutrition, and lack of sanation cause people to die really, really young. Also people to die really, really young. Also people to die really, really young. Also during this time, because of the massive during this time, because of the massive during this time, because of the massive inequality in Britain, people are forced inequality in Britain, people are forced inequality in Britain, people are forced to migrate overseas in order to seek to migrate overseas in order to seek to migrate overseas in order to seek better opportunities, mainly America, better opportunities, mainly America, better opportunities, mainly America, but they will also go to Australia and but they will also go to Australia and but they will also go to Australia and New Zealand. So even though the Dutch New Zealand. So even though the Dutch New Zealand. So even though the Dutch were the first to discover and settle were the first to discover and settle were the first to discover and settle Australia and New Zealand, it is really Australia and New Zealand, it is really Australia and New Zealand, it is really the British who because of pressure back the British who because of pressure back the British who because of pressure back home, they will settle in uh Australia home, they will settle in uh Australia home, they will settle in uh Australia and New Zealand and and today Australia and New Zealand and and today Australia and New Zealand and and today Australia and New Zealand of course uh British uh and New Zealand of course uh British uh and New Zealand of course uh British uh they have a British culture instead of a they have a British culture instead of a they have a British culture instead of a Dutch culture. Okay. Um starting in Dutch culture. Okay. Um starting in Dutch culture. Okay. Um starting in about the year 1800 because of improve about the year 1800 because of improve about the year 1800 because of improve improvements in nutrition, sanitation, improvements in nutrition, sanitation, improvements in nutrition, sanitation, the population explodes. All right. the population explodes. All right. the population explodes. All right. Okay. And this is true for throughout Okay. And this is true for throughout Okay. And this is true for throughout Europe. And this is really why Europe Europe. And this is really why Europe Europe. And this is really why Europe will eventually uh conquer the world. will eventually uh conquer the world. will eventually uh conquer the world. All right. So let's go briefly into the All right. So let's go briefly into the All right. So let's go briefly into the uh history of the British Isles. So at uh history of the British Isles. So at uh history of the British Isles. So at first we believe that the British Isles first we believe that the British Isles first we believe that the British Isles were settled by um an agricultural were settled by um an agricultural were settled by um an agricultural people. Okay, these are the people who people. Okay, these are the people who people. Okay, these are the people who built built built Stonehenge. Now if you remember way back Stonehenge. Now if you remember way back Stonehenge. Now if you remember way back to the beginning of this course um u to the beginning of this course um u to the beginning of this course um u back in September I discussed Gobepe back in September I discussed Gobepe back in September I discussed Gobepe righte is a temple um in Anatolia in righte is a temple um in Anatolia in righte is a temple um in Anatolia in what is modern day Turkey that shows what is modern day Turkey that shows what is modern day Turkey that shows that the desire for humans to settle that the desire for humans to settle that the desire for humans to settle down and and found religious societies. down and and found religious societies. down and and found religious societies. Well is very similar to Stonehenge. Well is very similar to Stonehenge. Well is very similar to Stonehenge. There are both a astronom astronomical There are both a astronom astronomical There are both a astronom astronomical calendars that measure um the stars calendars that measure um the stars calendars that measure um the stars measure time and try to bring divine measure time and try to bring divine measure time and try to bring divine energy onto energy onto energy onto uh the earth in order in order to feed a uh the earth in order in order to feed a uh the earth in order in order to feed a culture. Okay. So um you can argue that culture. Okay. So um you can argue that culture. Okay. So um you can argue that what's happening is the goateeep culture what's happening is the goateeep culture what's happening is the goateeep culture is spreading all throughout Europe and is spreading all throughout Europe and is spreading all throughout Europe and it gets into the British Isles but it gets into the British Isles but it gets into the British Isles but eventually these people are conquered by eventually these people are conquered by eventually these people are conquered by the Yamna. Okay. And if you look at the the Yamna. Okay. And if you look at the the Yamna. Okay. And if you look at the DNA evidence a lot of these people were DNA evidence a lot of these people were DNA evidence a lot of these people were eventually wiped out by the Yamnia and eventually wiped out by the Yamnia and eventually wiped out by the Yamnia and replaced. This is a process of great replaced. This is a process of great replaced. This is a process of great destruction that will happen throughout destruction that will happen throughout destruction that will happen throughout British British British history. Um the next major development history. Um the next major development history. Um the next major development is the Roman conquest of Britain. When is the Roman conquest of Britain. When is the Roman conquest of Britain. When the Romans conquer Britain, they bring the Romans conquer Britain, they bring the Romans conquer Britain, they bring Roman technology which is which is Roman technology which is which is Roman technology which is which is acqued irrigation um uh acqued irrigation um uh acqued irrigation um uh urbanization. They will also bring Roman urbanization. They will also bring Roman urbanization. They will also bring Roman customs especially law. Okay. So now you customs especially law. Okay. So now you customs especially law. Okay. So now you have a legal tradition in Britain that have a legal tradition in Britain that have a legal tradition in Britain that continues on to continues on to continues on to today. Um they will found a city called today. Um they will found a city called today. Um they will found a city called Londinium which is now modern day London Londinium which is now modern day London Londinium which is now modern day London on off the river themes. Okay. And this on off the river themes. Okay. And this on off the river themes. Okay. And this city will eventually become uh the the city will eventually become uh the the city will eventually become uh the the largest city in Europe. After the Romans will come a new Europe. After the Romans will come a new group of people who are Germanic. Okay. group of people who are Germanic. Okay. group of people who are Germanic. Okay. So these are people who used to live in So these are people who used to live in So these are people who used to live in Denmark and northern Germany and because Denmark and northern Germany and because Denmark and northern Germany and because of population pressure they are forced of population pressure they are forced of population pressure they are forced to migrate overseas and they settle in to migrate overseas and they settle in to migrate overseas and they settle in Britain. There are three different Britain. There are three different Britain. There are three different tribes of people that settle in Britain. tribes of people that settle in Britain. tribes of people that settle in Britain. They are the Angles, the Saxons, and the They are the Angles, the Saxons, and the They are the Angles, the Saxons, and the Jukes. And together we will collectively Jukes. And together we will collectively Jukes. And together we will collectively call them the call them the call them the Anglo-Saxons. And at this point in Anglo-Saxons. And at this point in Anglo-Saxons. And at this point in history, this culture, this language, history, this culture, this language, history, this culture, this language, it's no different from that of Germany. it's no different from that of Germany. it's no different from that of Germany. Okay? So, if you were to go to this Okay? So, if you were to go to this Okay? So, if you were to go to this place in in about the year 800, they're place in in about the year 800, they're place in in about the year 800, they're speaking the same language, which is speaking the same language, which is speaking the same language, which is West Germanic, and today we call it old West Germanic, and today we call it old West Germanic, and today we call it old English. English. English. Um, again, what's really important to Um, again, what's really important to Um, again, what's really important to remember is it's fairly easy to settle remember is it's fairly easy to settle remember is it's fairly easy to settle down in Britain because there's no down in Britain because there's no down in Britain because there's no centralized authority. So, after the centralized authority. So, after the centralized authority. So, after the Anglo-Saxons comes the Vikings from Anglo-Saxons comes the Vikings from Anglo-Saxons comes the Vikings from Denmark, okay? And um there even though Denmark, okay? And um there even though Denmark, okay? And um there even though England has no major rivers, it has England has no major rivers, it has England has no major rivers, it has still a lot of rivers. So, it's fairly still a lot of rivers. So, it's fairly still a lot of rivers. So, it's fairly easy for the Vikings with their very easy for the Vikings with their very easy for the Vikings with their very fast long ships to come and make fast long ships to come and make fast long ships to come and make settlements. So as you can see the day settlements. So as you can see the day settlements. So as you can see the day law are territory that is seated by the law are territory that is seated by the law are territory that is seated by the Anglo-Saxons to the Vikings. Okay. And Anglo-Saxons to the Vikings. Okay. And Anglo-Saxons to the Vikings. Okay. And now you have this merger of the Viking now you have this merger of the Viking now you have this merger of the Viking culture with the Anglo-Saxon culture with the Anglo-Saxon culture with the Anglo-Saxon culture. This process of great culture. This process of great culture. This process of great destruction continues with a Norman destruction continues with a Norman destruction continues with a Norman conquest of England. This is your year conquest of England. This is your year conquest of England. This is your year 1066. This battle is called the battle 1066. This battle is called the battle 1066. This battle is called the battle of Hastings in which when the conqueror of Hastings in which when the conqueror of Hastings in which when the conqueror of Normandy in France he comes and of Normandy in France he comes and of Normandy in France he comes and conquers the um the the the British conquers the um the the the British conquers the um the the the British Isles. Okay. Um Britain. Okay. This is Isles. Okay. Um Britain. Okay. This is Isles. Okay. Um Britain. Okay. This is significant for two reasons. The first significant for two reasons. The first significant for two reasons. The first reason is that the Normans are Vikings reason is that the Normans are Vikings reason is that the Normans are Vikings who settled down in France in an area who settled down in France in an area who settled down in France in an area called Normandy that's off the British called Normandy that's off the British called Normandy that's off the British coast. And remember before the coast. And remember before the coast. And remember before the Anglo-Saxons Anglo-Saxons Anglo-Saxons uh were Germanic people so their focus uh were Germanic people so their focus uh were Germanic people so their focus was on northern Europe because the was on northern Europe because the was on northern Europe because the Normans conquer Britain. Britain now is Normans conquer Britain. Britain now is Normans conquer Britain. Britain now is united with parts of France. Okay. So united with parts of France. Okay. So united with parts of France. Okay. So Britain is drawn into the politics of Britain is drawn into the politics of Britain is drawn into the politics of France which will lead to something France which will lead to something France which will lead to something called the hundred years war it in which called the hundred years war it in which called the hundred years war it in which um Britain the English are trying to um Britain the English are trying to um Britain the English are trying to maintain their territory in France. maintain their territory in France. maintain their territory in France. Okay. Okay, so that's the first major Okay. Okay, so that's the first major Okay. Okay, so that's the first major geopolitical consequence of the Norman geopolitical consequence of the Norman geopolitical consequence of the Norman conquest. The second consequence uh conquest. The second consequence uh conquest. The second consequence uh which is also rather significant is a which is also rather significant is a which is also rather significant is a radical change in the English language. radical change in the English language. radical change in the English language. So before the Anglo-Saxon spoke a So before the Anglo-Saxon spoke a So before the Anglo-Saxon spoke a Germanic language we call old English. Germanic language we call old English. Germanic language we call old English. Now you have a merger of the Germanic Now you have a merger of the Germanic Now you have a merger of the Germanic language with French and Latin. So language with French and Latin. So language with French and Latin. So French is what the is the language that French is what the is the language that French is what the is the language that the Norman spoke but Latin is the the Norman spoke but Latin is the the Norman spoke but Latin is the official language of the educated elite official language of the educated elite official language of the educated elite of Europe. Okay. So now you have Latin of Europe. Okay. So now you have Latin of Europe. Okay. So now you have Latin and French elements blend into old and French elements blend into old and French elements blend into old English and this creates a new language English and this creates a new language English and this creates a new language we call middle English and in middle we call middle English and in middle we call middle English and in middle English of course will give rise to English of course will give rise to English of course will give rise to modern English. This is significant modern English. This is significant modern English. This is significant because what makes middle English because what makes middle English because what makes middle English different from um from old English is different from um from old English is different from um from old English is middle English is a lot easier to learn middle English is a lot easier to learn middle English is a lot easier to learn because remember now you have a very because remember now you have a very because remember now you have a very cosmopolitan nature to Britain. You have cosmopolitan nature to Britain. You have cosmopolitan nature to Britain. You have Vikings, you have Anglo-Saxons, you have Vikings, you have Anglo-Saxons, you have Vikings, you have Anglo-Saxons, you have French, you have Normans. They all need French, you have Normans. They all need French, you have Normans. They all need to speak one language. So the best to speak one language. So the best to speak one language. So the best elements of these different languages elements of these different languages elements of these different languages are blended into middle English. And are blended into middle English. And are blended into middle English. And this tradition continues today because this tradition continues today because this tradition continues today because if you think about it, English is the if you think about it, English is the if you think about it, English is the most widely spoken language in the most widely spoken language in the most widely spoken language in the world. Why? Because it's the easiest to world. Why? Because it's the easiest to world. Why? Because it's the easiest to learn. All right? Now, you may argue learn. All right? Now, you may argue learn. All right? Now, you may argue that, you know, it's because we live in that, you know, it's because we live in that, you know, it's because we live in the Anglo-American Empire and therefore the Anglo-American Empire and therefore the Anglo-American Empire and therefore people are incentivized to learn people are incentivized to learn people are incentivized to learn English. But at the same time what I English. But at the same time what I English. But at the same time what I will show you uh next class is um the will show you uh next class is um the will show you uh next class is um the reason why they were able to establish reason why they were able to establish reason why they were able to establish the Anglo-American Empire a lot has to the Anglo-American Empire a lot has to the Anglo-American Empire a lot has to do with the fact that English is easy to do with the fact that English is easy to do with the fact that English is easy to learn and therefore it's easier to learn and therefore it's easier to learn and therefore it's easier to spread soft power right because when spread soft power right because when spread soft power right because when when you learn a language you're not when you learn a language you're not when you learn a language you're not just learning a language you're also just learning a language you're also just learning a language you're also learning a culture you're learning a learning a culture you're learning a learning a culture you're learning a history right and this what we call soft history right and this what we call soft history right and this what we call soft power and the British did this better power and the British did this better power and the British did this better than anyone else now the Americans do than anyone else now the Americans do than anyone else now the Americans do this better better than anyone else this better better than anyone else this better better than anyone else Okay. But it starts with the Norman Okay. But it starts with the Norman Okay. But it starts with the Norman conquest in 1066. All conquest in 1066. All conquest in 1066. All right. All right. Now, so as I right. All right. Now, so as I right. All right. Now, so as I mentioned, what's really important um mentioned, what's really important um mentioned, what's really important um about Britain is it really never had about Britain is it really never had about Britain is it really never had centralized authority. Maybe now and centralized authority. Maybe now and centralized authority. Maybe now and then you had a great king like Alfred then you had a great king like Alfred then you had a great king like Alfred the Great, all right? But it was never the Great, all right? But it was never the Great, all right? But it was never centralized because the king could never centralized because the king could never centralized because the king could never assort assert authority over the assort assert authority over the assort assert authority over the different thiefs. So whenever king does different thiefs. So whenever king does different thiefs. So whenever king does that the nobles get together and they that the nobles get together and they that the nobles get together and they rebel. So in 1215 king John tries to rebel. So in 1215 king John tries to rebel. So in 1215 king John tries to impose taxes on the uh nobles in order impose taxes on the uh nobles in order impose taxes on the uh nobles in order to finance wars in France right because to finance wars in France right because to finance wars in France right because again uh the English are trying to again uh the English are trying to again uh the English are trying to maintain their territory in France and maintain their territory in France and maintain their territory in France and they come and that creates a lot of they come and that creates a lot of they come and that creates a lot of conflict with the French themselves. So conflict with the French themselves. So conflict with the French themselves. So they fight a lot of wars and you need they fight a lot of wars and you need they fight a lot of wars and you need money to pay for these wars. So King money to pay for these wars. So King money to pay for these wars. So King John was trying to make the nobles pay John was trying to make the nobles pay John was trying to make the nobles pay taxes. So what the nobles do and this is taxes. So what the nobles do and this is taxes. So what the nobles do and this is this is going to be consistent pattern this is going to be consistent pattern this is going to be consistent pattern throughout British history is they rebel throughout British history is they rebel throughout British history is they rebel and they force king John to sign a and they force king John to sign a and they force king John to sign a document called the document called the document called the manacarta. Okay the great charter and manacarta. Okay the great charter and manacarta. Okay the great charter and the great charter is significant the great charter is significant the great charter is significant because it severely limits the power of because it severely limits the power of because it severely limits the power of the king. Now this has happened the king. Now this has happened the king. Now this has happened throughout human history before where throughout human history before where throughout human history before where the nobles uh rebel and they force a the nobles uh rebel and they force a the nobles uh rebel and they force a compromise with the king. This has compromise with the king. This has compromise with the king. This has happened throughout human history, but happened throughout human history, but happened throughout human history, but this is actually the first time that this is actually the first time that this is actually the first time that this is this has been written down and this is this has been written down and this is this has been written down and become part of the British tradition. become part of the British tradition. become part of the British tradition. Okay, this will become part of what we Okay, this will become part of what we Okay, this will become part of what we call the British Constitution. What call the British Constitution. What call the British Constitution. What makes the British Constitution unique is makes the British Constitution unique is makes the British Constitution unique is it's not written down. It's not um a it's not written down. It's not um a it's not written down. It's not um a document like the US Constitution is it document like the US Constitution is it document like the US Constitution is it is a set of traditions and norms. Okay. is a set of traditions and norms. Okay. is a set of traditions and norms. Okay. So this this begins the British So this this begins the British So this this begins the British Constitution, the Magna Carta. Right. Constitution, the Magna Carta. Right. Constitution, the Magna Carta. Right. What what I want to do now is look at What what I want to do now is look at What what I want to do now is look at different um clauses in the manacard. different um clauses in the manacard. different um clauses in the manacard. It's a very old document. So most of the It's a very old document. So most of the It's a very old document. So most of the stipulation most of the clauses don't stipulation most of the clauses don't stipulation most of the clauses don't really apply but there are three that do really apply but there are three that do really apply but there are three that do apply. Okay. So I I want us to just look apply. Okay. So I I want us to just look apply. Okay. So I I want us to just look at very closely at certain clauses at very closely at certain clauses at very closely at certain clauses within the Magna Carta. All right. within the Magna Carta. All right. within the Magna Carta. All right. Clause 10. If anyone who has borrowed a Clause 10. If anyone who has borrowed a Clause 10. If anyone who has borrowed a sum of money from Jews dies before the sum of money from Jews dies before the sum of money from Jews dies before the debt has been repaid, his here shall pay debt has been repaid, his here shall pay debt has been repaid, his here shall pay no interest on the debt. Okay, this is no interest on the debt. Okay, this is no interest on the debt. Okay, this is really interesting. This year 1215, really interesting. This year 1215, really interesting. This year 1215, there are Jews in England. Okay, why are there are Jews in England. Okay, why are there are Jews in England. Okay, why are there Jews in England? Okay, so let me there Jews in England? Okay, so let me there Jews in England? Okay, so let me explain the history of explain the history of explain the history of um Europe at this time. So Europe is um Europe at this time. So Europe is um Europe at this time. So Europe is entirely Catholic. The Catholic religion entirely Catholic. The Catholic religion entirely Catholic. The Catholic religion does not allow for something called does not allow for something called does not allow for something called usery. And the the idea of usery is you usery. And the the idea of usery is you usery. And the the idea of usery is you charge interest on charge interest on charge interest on debt. Okay? because that goes against uh debt. Okay? because that goes against uh debt. Okay? because that goes against uh the teachings of the Catholic Church the teachings of the Catholic Church the teachings of the Catholic Church that goes against the teaching of God. that goes against the teaching of God. that goes against the teaching of God. Also, it's socially destructive, right? Also, it's socially destructive, right? Also, it's socially destructive, right? Because if you fall in a debt, you're Because if you fall in a debt, you're Because if you fall in a debt, you're basically stuck there for all of basically stuck there for all of basically stuck there for all of eternity. So, the Catholic Church for eternity. So, the Catholic Church for eternity. So, the Catholic Church for explicitly forbids explicitly forbids explicitly forbids uh charging interest on uh charging interest on uh charging interest on debt. But this is really important, debt debt. But this is really important, debt debt. But this is really important, debt is extremely profitable. So the way that is extremely profitable. So the way that is extremely profitable. So the way that the king and the nobility get around the king and the nobility get around the king and the nobility get around this taboo is they get this taboo is they get this taboo is they get Jews, okay, Jews, okay, Jews, okay, to lend out money and to charge debt and to lend out money and to charge debt and to lend out money and to charge debt and then the king gets part of that, right? then the king gets part of that, right? then the king gets part of that, right? Also because um Jews are heavily Also because um Jews are heavily Also because um Jews are heavily disliked anyway because they engage in disliked anyway because they engage in disliked anyway because they engage in money lending and usually the king also money lending and usually the king also money lending and usually the king also gets them to go collect gets them to go collect gets them to go collect taxes, right? So the Jews throughout taxes, right? So the Jews throughout taxes, right? So the Jews throughout European history have been the European history have been the European history have been the scapegoats for the elite. They're the scapegoats for the elite. They're the scapegoats for the elite. They're the ones who charge usery. They're the ones ones who charge usery. They're the ones ones who charge usery. They're the ones who collect taxes. They're also the ones who collect taxes. They're also the ones who collect taxes. They're also the ones who will engage in uh businesses for the who will engage in uh businesses for the who will engage in uh businesses for the nobles. Okay? So they basically nobles. Okay? So they basically nobles. Okay? So they basically subcontract businesses from the nobles. subcontract businesses from the nobles. subcontract businesses from the nobles. And they're very good at that. All And they're very good at that. All And they're very good at that. All right? And why do Jews agree to do this? right? And why do Jews agree to do this? right? And why do Jews agree to do this? because the king and nobles provide because the king and nobles provide because the king and nobles provide protection to the Jews. Um so over time protection to the Jews. Um so over time protection to the Jews. Um so over time you have this huge problem where even you have this huge problem where even you have this huge problem where even nobles owe money to the Jews and the the nobles owe money to the Jews and the the nobles owe money to the Jews and the the problem of debt creates a lot of social problem of debt creates a lot of social problem of debt creates a lot of social tension within England. So in the Magna tension within England. So in the Magna tension within England. So in the Magna card, it says very explicitly that yes, card, it says very explicitly that yes, card, it says very explicitly that yes, you still owe money to Jews, but if you you still owe money to Jews, but if you you still owe money to Jews, but if you die, your here does not have to pay die, your here does not have to pay die, your here does not have to pay interest because the problem with debt interest because the problem with debt interest because the problem with debt again is not the debt itself, the again is not the debt itself, the again is not the debt itself, the principle, but the interest. Okay? principle, but the interest. Okay? principle, but the interest. Okay? Right? So does that make sense to you Right? So does that make sense to you Right? So does that make sense to you guys? Right? This is really important guys? Right? This is really important guys? Right? This is really important because if you want to understand World because if you want to understand World because if you want to understand World War II, if you want to understand the War II, if you want to understand the War II, if you want to understand the Holocaust, it starts way back here. Holocaust, it starts way back here. Holocaust, it starts way back here. Okay? All right. So the two most Okay? All right. So the two most Okay? All right. So the two most important clauses in the magnolar that important clauses in the magnolar that important clauses in the magnolar that still apply today is 39 and 40. All still apply today is 39 and 40. All still apply today is 39 and 40. All right. So let's look at 39. No free man right. So let's look at 39. No free man right. So let's look at 39. No free man shall be seized or shall be seized or shall be seized or imprisoned except by the lawful judgment imprisoned except by the lawful judgment imprisoned except by the lawful judgment of his equals or by the law of the land. of his equals or by the law of the land. of his equals or by the law of the land. This creates a new principle in British This creates a new principle in British This creates a new principle in British as we call due process. This means that as we call due process. This means that as we call due process. This means that if you are if you commit a crime, you if you are if you commit a crime, you if you are if you commit a crime, you are still are still are still guaranteed a jury, a trial before you guaranteed a jury, a trial before you guaranteed a jury, a trial before you are punished, right? There's a process are punished, right? There's a process are punished, right? There's a process in which you are uh found guilty for in which you are uh found guilty for in which you are uh found guilty for your crime. This is what we call due your crime. This is what we call due your crime. This is what we call due process. Number 40, to no one will sell, process. Number 40, to no one will sell, process. Number 40, to no one will sell, to no one, deny or delay, right or to no one, deny or delay, right or to no one, deny or delay, right or justice. This justice. This justice. This means that no one is above the law. means that no one is above the law. means that no one is above the law. Okay. So, number 30 establishes the idea Okay. So, number 30 establishes the idea Okay. So, number 30 establishes the idea of due process. Number 40 establishes of due process. Number 40 establishes of due process. Number 40 establishes the idea of rule of law. Everyone is the idea of rule of law. Everyone is the idea of rule of law. Everyone is guaranteed due process. Not even the guaranteed due process. Not even the guaranteed due process. Not even the king has the power and authority to take king has the power and authority to take king has the power and authority to take away due process from someone. All away due process from someone. All away due process from someone. All right? And this establishes the British right? And this establishes the British right? And this establishes the British common law tradition. And this becomes common law tradition. And this becomes common law tradition. And this becomes the basis for the American constitution. the basis for the American constitution. the basis for the American constitution. All right? Okay. So as I mentioned because right? Okay. So as I mentioned because of the Norman conquest Britain now is of the Norman conquest Britain now is of the Norman conquest Britain now is forced to defend its territory in France forced to defend its territory in France forced to defend its territory in France and this leads to a series of disastrous and this leads to a series of disastrous and this leads to a series of disastrous wars um in France called the hundred wars um in France called the hundred wars um in France called the hundred years war. I don't have time to go into years war. I don't have time to go into years war. I don't have time to go into the history but obviously there are the history but obviously there are the history but obviously there are certain very important figures that certain very important figures that certain very important figures that emerge from 100 years war. The most emerge from 100 years war. The most emerge from 100 years war. The most famous being Jon of Arc. Okay. Jon of famous being Jon of Arc. Okay. Jon of famous being Jon of Arc. Okay. Jon of Arc who is this French mystic, a Arc who is this French mystic, a Arc who is this French mystic, a teenager teenager teenager uh girl who leads the French armies to uh girl who leads the French armies to uh girl who leads the French armies to victory against the British and their victory against the British and their victory against the British and their allies, right? Um during this time allies, right? Um during this time allies, right? Um during this time there's also a civil war fought in there's also a civil war fought in there's also a civil war fought in Britain called the War of the Roses Britain called the War of the Roses Britain called the War of the Roses between the House of York and the House between the House of York and the House between the House of York and the House of Lancaster. You may like the Game of of Lancaster. You may like the Game of of Lancaster. You may like the Game of Thrones uh television series. I'm not Thrones uh television series. I'm not Thrones uh television series. I'm not sure if you watched it, but that series sure if you watched it, but that series sure if you watched it, but that series is actually based on the civil war is actually based on the civil war is actually based on the civil war between the House of York and the House between the House of York and the House between the House of York and the House of Lancaster. This goes on for a long of Lancaster. This goes on for a long of Lancaster. This goes on for a long time. It's very very uh deadly. Um it time. It's very very uh deadly. Um it time. It's very very uh deadly. Um it almost destroys Britain. But eventually almost destroys Britain. But eventually almost destroys Britain. But eventually a man names Richard of York, Richard a man names Richard of York, Richard a man names Richard of York, Richard III, he emerges victorious from this III, he emerges victorious from this III, he emerges victorious from this civil war. Okay. But he has a problem. civil war. Okay. But he has a problem. civil war. Okay. But he has a problem. His problem is his family, the house of His problem is his family, the house of His problem is his family, the house of York, had to borrow a lot of money from York, had to borrow a lot of money from York, had to borrow a lot of money from overseas, the Florentines, right? The overseas, the Florentines, right? The overseas, the Florentines, right? The Meduchi, in order to finance the war. Meduchi, in order to finance the war. Meduchi, in order to finance the war. Once he became king, he he thought, Once he became king, he he thought, Once he became king, he he thought, well, I'm king and I don't have to pay well, I'm king and I don't have to pay well, I'm king and I don't have to pay you back. Okay? So now the bankers are you back. Okay? So now the bankers are you back. Okay? So now the bankers are angry at him. And if bankers are angry angry at him. And if bankers are angry angry at him. And if bankers are angry at you, you have a problem because what at you, you have a problem because what at you, you have a problem because what bankers will do in the circumstance is bankers will do in the circumstance is bankers will do in the circumstance is finance an invasion of your country. finance an invasion of your country. finance an invasion of your country. Okay? So the Medisi, the Florentine Okay? So the Medisi, the Florentine Okay? So the Medisi, the Florentine bankers, they sponsored a man named bankers, they sponsored a man named bankers, they sponsored a man named Henry Tudtor. Henry Tudtor who is of the Henry Tudtor. Henry Tudtor who is of the Henry Tudtor. Henry Tudtor who is of the house of Lancaster. Okay. But he grew up house of Lancaster. Okay. But he grew up house of Lancaster. Okay. But he grew up in f in France and they sponsor him to in f in France and they sponsor him to in f in France and they sponsor him to invade England and defeat Richard III. invade England and defeat Richard III. invade England and defeat Richard III. Okay. Okay. And this establishes the Okay. Okay. And this establishes the Okay. Okay. And this establishes the house of tutor and the mo and so um the house of tutor and the mo and so um the house of tutor and the mo and so um the um the Henry Tudtor becomes Henry VIIth um the Henry Tudtor becomes Henry VIIth um the Henry Tudtor becomes Henry VIIth and his son becomes Henry VII with who and his son becomes Henry VII with who and his son becomes Henry VII with who is most one of the most famous kings in is most one of the most famous kings in is most one of the most famous kings in British history. He's famous British history. He's famous British history. He's famous because he because he because he decides to negate the authority of the decides to negate the authority of the decides to negate the authority of the pope. He decides I'm the king. I don't pope. He decides I'm the king. I don't pope. He decides I'm the king. I don't have to listen to anyone even the pope. have to listen to anyone even the pope. have to listen to anyone even the pope. Okay. And this came to pass because Okay. And this came to pass because Okay. And this came to pass because Henry VII was trying to divorce Henry VII was trying to divorce Henry VII was trying to divorce Katherine of Aragon and the pope would Katherine of Aragon and the pope would Katherine of Aragon and the pope would not agree. So the the Henry the e not agree. So the the Henry the e not agree. So the the Henry the e decides to set up his own church called decides to set up his own church called decides to set up his own church called the church of England and separate the church of England and separate the church of England and separate himself from the Vatican. Now what's himself from the Vatican. Now what's himself from the Vatican. Now what's really important to for us to remember really important to for us to remember really important to for us to remember is there's only one difference only one is there's only one difference only one is there's only one difference only one difference between the Church of England difference between the Church of England difference between the Church of England and the Catholic Church. The Catholic and the Catholic Church. The Catholic and the Catholic Church. The Catholic Church swears loyalty to the Pope. The Church swears loyalty to the Pope. The Church swears loyalty to the Pope. The Church of England swears loyalty to the Church of England swears loyalty to the Church of England swears loyalty to the King of England. That's it guys. There's King of England. That's it guys. There's King of England. That's it guys. There's no other difference. The customs, the no other difference. The customs, the no other difference. The customs, the doctrine, the rituals are all the same. doctrine, the rituals are all the same. doctrine, the rituals are all the same. Okay? There's only one difference. Okay? There's only one difference. Okay? There's only one difference. Um he will have a very famous daughter Um he will have a very famous daughter Um he will have a very famous daughter called Queen Elizabeth. All right? So um called Queen Elizabeth. All right? So um called Queen Elizabeth. All right? So um because of the because of the because of the reformation, there's a huge religious reformation, there's a huge religious reformation, there's a huge religious civil war going on between the Catholics civil war going on between the Catholics civil war going on between the Catholics and the Protestants. and the Protestants. and the Protestants. Okay. So, Elizabeth, why she is so Okay. So, Elizabeth, why she is so Okay. So, Elizabeth, why she is so consequential is she's on a throne for consequential is she's on a throne for consequential is she's on a throne for 40 plus years. And what makes her 40 plus years. And what makes her 40 plus years. And what makes her extremely significant is she brings extremely significant is she brings extremely significant is she brings stability to England by sympathizing stability to England by sympathizing stability to England by sympathizing with the Protestants, but but also by with the Protestants, but but also by with the Protestants, but but also by working with the Catholics. Okay. So working with the Catholics. Okay. So working with the Catholics. Okay. So even though there are all these Catholic even though there are all these Catholic even though there are all these Catholic conspiracies against Elizabeth in order conspiracies against Elizabeth in order conspiracies against Elizabeth in order to instill install a uh Catholic monarch to instill install a uh Catholic monarch to instill install a uh Catholic monarch um she she's still able to resist these um she she's still able to resist these um she she's still able to resist these conspiracies these rebellions and conspiracies these rebellions and conspiracies these rebellions and establish a pretty stable nation at the establish a pretty stable nation at the establish a pretty stable nation at the same time dur during her reign uh same time dur during her reign uh same time dur during her reign uh Shakespeare will write his place. Next Shakespeare will write his place. Next Shakespeare will write his place. Next class we are doing Shakespeare okay class we are doing Shakespeare okay class we are doing Shakespeare okay because Shakespeare there would be no because Shakespeare there would be no because Shakespeare there would be no English language. If there's no English English language. If there's no English English language. If there's no English language, you can also argue there'd be language, you can also argue there'd be language, you can also argue there'd be no British Empire. So next class, we'll no British Empire. So next class, we'll no British Empire. So next class, we'll spend an entire class on analyzing how spend an entire class on analyzing how spend an entire class on analyzing how Shakespeare created the English language Shakespeare created the English language Shakespeare created the English language and created the possibility of the and created the possibility of the and created the possibility of the British Empire. Okay, that's next class. British Empire. Okay, that's next class. British Empire. Okay, that's next class. Um, Francis Drake is the most famous Um, Francis Drake is the most famous Um, Francis Drake is the most famous pirate at this time pirate at this time pirate at this time and he is a trusted deputy of Elizabeth. and he is a trusted deputy of Elizabeth. and he is a trusted deputy of Elizabeth. Elizabeth has a policy of piracy, right? Elizabeth has a policy of piracy, right? Elizabeth has a policy of piracy, right? England is poor, Spain is rich. So what England is poor, Spain is rich. So what England is poor, Spain is rich. So what do you do? You steal from the rich and do you do? You steal from the rich and do you do? You steal from the rich and you give to the poor, right? And that's you give to the poor, right? And that's you give to the poor, right? And that's what surf Drake did. Um, so at this what surf Drake did. Um, so at this what surf Drake did. Um, so at this time, England is emerging as a naval time, England is emerging as a naval time, England is emerging as a naval power and it's it's going to surpass power and it's it's going to surpass power and it's it's going to surpass both Spain and France, become the both Spain and France, become the both Spain and France, become the dominant navy in the world. And as you dominant navy in the world. And as you dominant navy in the world. And as you know, it's really the navy that allows know, it's really the navy that allows know, it's really the navy that allows the British Empire to control the world. the British Empire to control the world. the British Empire to control the world. Um the major innovation of the British Um the major innovation of the British Um the major innovation of the British of the English is how they fight at sea. of the English is how they fight at sea. of the English is how they fight at sea. Traditionally the way you fight naval Traditionally the way you fight naval Traditionally the way you fight naval battles is by ramming the enemy and then battles is by ramming the enemy and then battles is by ramming the enemy and then boarding the ship and then call killing boarding the ship and then call killing boarding the ship and then call killing everyone. Okay, that's what the Romans everyone. Okay, that's what the Romans everyone. Okay, that's what the Romans did. That's what everyone did. The did. That's what everyone did. The did. That's what everyone did. The English decided that's silly because English decided that's silly because English decided that's silly because we're always outnumbered. We're always we're always outnumbered. We're always we're always outnumbered. We're always outmen. Okay, so they pioneered long outmen. Okay, so they pioneered long outmen. Okay, so they pioneered long range cannon warfare where from a range cannon warfare where from a range cannon warfare where from a distance maybe a few hundred meters you distance maybe a few hundred meters you distance maybe a few hundred meters you will blast your enemy with cannons. will blast your enemy with cannons. will blast your enemy with cannons. There are lots and lots of problems with There are lots and lots of problems with There are lots and lots of problems with this. Okay, the first problem is um you this. Okay, the first problem is um you this. Okay, the first problem is um you could possibly sink your ship because could possibly sink your ship because could possibly sink your ship because the cannons are very heavy. Also, you the cannons are very heavy. Also, you the cannons are very heavy. Also, you could blow up your own ship because the could blow up your own ship because the could blow up your own ship because the cannons are very explosive. Also, the cannons are very explosive. Also, the cannons are very explosive. Also, the cannons aren't very accurate. Okay. So, cannons aren't very accurate. Okay. So, cannons aren't very accurate. Okay. So, but the English persisted even though but the English persisted even though but the English persisted even though you can make the argument that this um you can make the argument that this um you can make the argument that this um type of warfare it's unsustainable. type of warfare it's unsustainable. type of warfare it's unsustainable. Okay. And in the beginning for the first Okay. And in the beginning for the first Okay. And in the beginning for the first few decades the way they fought was few decades the way they fought was few decades the way they fought was terrible. But the thing about the terrible. But the thing about the terrible. But the thing about the British that made them very similar to British that made them very similar to British that made them very similar to the Romans is they were relentless. They the Romans is they were relentless. They the Romans is they were relentless. They were willing to suffer heavy casualties, were willing to suffer heavy casualties, were willing to suffer heavy casualties, major setbacks, major fail failures and major setbacks, major fail failures and major setbacks, major fail failures and still persist until they eventually won. still persist until they eventually won. still persist until they eventually won. Okay, that's the mentality of the Okay, that's the mentality of the Okay, that's the mentality of the British. That's very Roman. All right, British. That's very Roman. All right, British. That's very Roman. All right, so um this is 1588, the battle of the so um this is 1588, the battle of the so um this is 1588, the battle of the Spanish Amarda. Okay, and this is Spanish Amarda. Okay, and this is Spanish Amarda. Okay, and this is something that's heavily c celebrated in something that's heavily c celebrated in something that's heavily c celebrated in England because for the English, it England because for the English, it England because for the English, it marks the day when the British Navy marks the day when the British Navy marks the day when the British Navy reigned supreme over the seas. Okay, reigned supreme over the seas. Okay, reigned supreme over the seas. Okay, this is a day that the Spanish marta was this is a day that the Spanish marta was this is a day that the Spanish marta was conquered and destroyed by the English. conquered and destroyed by the English. conquered and destroyed by the English. Um something that's really important for Um something that's really important for Um something that's really important for us to remember is that us to remember is that us to remember is that um in a year later in 1589 the Spanish um in a year later in 1589 the Spanish um in a year later in 1589 the Spanish will defeat the English and the English will defeat the English and the English will defeat the English and the English will suffer tens of thousands of will suffer tens of thousands of will suffer tens of thousands of casualties. Okay. So what's important casualties. Okay. So what's important casualties. Okay. So what's important for us to remember is that these wars go for us to remember is that these wars go for us to remember is that these wars go back and forth. There's no one time when back and forth. There's no one time when back and forth. There's no one time when okay now the British are dominant. Okay. okay now the British are dominant. Okay. okay now the British are dominant. Okay. What matters is persistence. What What matters is persistence. What What matters is persistence. What matters is resilience. And in this in in matters is resilience. And in this in in matters is resilience. And in this in in that respect the English are far that respect the English are far that respect the English are far superior to the European um superior to the European um superior to the European um adversaries. Okay. Um so Queen Elizabeth adversaries. Okay. Um so Queen Elizabeth adversaries. Okay. Um so Queen Elizabeth dies and King James of Scotland inherits dies and King James of Scotland inherits dies and King James of Scotland inherits the English throne. Okay. So now the English throne. Okay. So now the English throne. Okay. So now Scotland and England are united. What's Scotland and England are united. What's Scotland and England are united. What's significant about King James is he significant about King James is he significant about King James is he produces something called the King James produces something called the King James produces something called the King James Holy Bible. This is something that the Holy Bible. This is something that the Holy Bible. This is something that the Protestants have been um demanding for a Protestants have been um demanding for a Protestants have been um demanding for a long long time. Remember the difference long long time. Remember the difference long long time. Remember the difference between the protest and the Catholics is between the protest and the Catholics is between the protest and the Catholics is the Catholics are not allowed to read the Catholics are not allowed to read the Catholics are not allowed to read the Bible. The priests tell the uh the Bible. The priests tell the uh the Bible. The priests tell the uh parishioners what to believe. What the parishioners what to believe. What the parishioners what to believe. What the orthodoxy is the Protestant believe that orthodoxy is the Protestant believe that orthodoxy is the Protestant believe that everyone must read the Bible. So the everyone must read the Bible. So the everyone must read the Bible. So the King James Bible is the first time that King James Bible is the first time that King James Bible is the first time that the Bible has been mass-produced for the Bible has been mass-produced for the Bible has been mass-produced for everyone. Okay. So this spreads protest everyone. Okay. So this spreads protest everyone. Okay. So this spreads protest very quickly throughout the um uh uh very quickly throughout the um uh uh very quickly throughout the um uh uh British Isles. Also what's really British Isles. Also what's really British Isles. Also what's really significant is with the Bible now you've significant is with the Bible now you've significant is with the Bible now you've standardized the language. Okay, now you standardized the language. Okay, now you standardized the language. Okay, now you can make a transition from middle can make a transition from middle can make a transition from middle English to modern English language we English to modern English language we English to modern English language we speak today. speak today. speak today. Um 1620 is significant because it's the Um 1620 is significant because it's the Um 1620 is significant because it's the year when the pilgrims on the Mayflower year when the pilgrims on the Mayflower year when the pilgrims on the Mayflower they move to America to found a new they move to America to found a new they move to America to found a new colony, a new civilization, a new empire colony, a new civilization, a new empire colony, a new civilization, a new empire uh that will take over the world. Okay. uh that will take over the world. Okay. uh that will take over the world. Okay. Why are the pilgrims moving to America? Why are the pilgrims moving to America? Why are the pilgrims moving to America? Well, the protests are divided into two Well, the protests are divided into two Well, the protests are divided into two major factions at this time. You have major factions at this time. You have major factions at this time. You have the Puritans. Who are the Puritans? The the Puritans. Who are the Puritans? The the Puritans. Who are the Puritans? The Puritans believe that the Church of Puritans believe that the Church of Puritans believe that the Church of England it's too Catholic and therefore England it's too Catholic and therefore England it's too Catholic and therefore we must purge the Church of England of we must purge the Church of England of we must purge the Church of England of Catholic tendencies like rituals like uh Catholic tendencies like rituals like uh Catholic tendencies like rituals like uh priests. priests. priests. Okay. The pilgrims are what call Okay. The pilgrims are what call Okay. The pilgrims are what call separatists. Okay. So there's another separatists. Okay. So there's another separatists. Okay. So there's another group called the pilgrims the group called the pilgrims the group called the pilgrims the separatists who believe the church of separatists who believe the church of separatists who believe the church of England it's too corrupt, it's too evil, England it's too corrupt, it's too evil, England it's too corrupt, it's too evil, it's too much like the Vatican. it's too much like the Vatican. it's too much like the Vatican. Therefore, we should abolish it or we Therefore, we should abolish it or we Therefore, we should abolish it or we should just separate uh from it. And so, should just separate uh from it. And so, should just separate uh from it. And so, of course, they were persecuted by the of course, they were persecuted by the of course, they were persecuted by the king. And as a compromise, the programs king. And as a compromise, the programs king. And as a compromise, the programs were allowed to go to America to build a were allowed to go to America to build a were allowed to go to America to build a new civilization based on their beliefs. new civilization based on their beliefs. new civilization based on their beliefs. And the civilization, of course, what we And the civilization, of course, what we And the civilization, of course, what we call America, right? So, that's call America, right? So, that's call America, right? So, that's something that you must remember that something that you must remember that something that you must remember that America was founded by programs who want America was founded by programs who want America was founded by programs who want to build a kingdom uh of heaven on to build a kingdom uh of heaven on to build a kingdom uh of heaven on earth. And we'll discuss this next week earth. And we'll discuss this next week earth. And we'll discuss this next week when we discuss the American Revolution when we discuss the American Revolution when we discuss the American Revolution back in uh back in uh back in uh England. There is a civil war now England. There is a civil war now England. There is a civil war now raging. Okay. And it starts again when raging. Okay. And it starts again when raging. Okay. And it starts again when the king tries to impose too much the king tries to impose too much the king tries to impose too much authority over the nobles. But there are authority over the nobles. But there are authority over the nobles. But there are there's also a religious dimension to there's also a religious dimension to there's also a religious dimension to it. Uh because the Puritans want to it. Uh because the Puritans want to it. Uh because the Puritans want to impose a religious state on everyone. impose a religious state on everyone. impose a religious state on everyone. Okay. So the fanatics at at the stage Okay. So the fanatics at at the stage Okay. So the fanatics at at the stage are the Puritans. And what will happen are the Puritans. And what will happen are the Puritans. And what will happen is the Puritans will emerge triumphant is the Puritans will emerge triumphant is the Puritans will emerge triumphant under the leadership of Oliver Cromwell under the leadership of Oliver Cromwell under the leadership of Oliver Cromwell and he will establish something called and he will establish something called and he will establish something called the Commonwealth of England. And this is the Commonwealth of England. And this is the Commonwealth of England. And this is a disaster. It doesn't really work out a disaster. It doesn't really work out a disaster. It doesn't really work out well because it goes against British well because it goes against British well because it goes against British tradition. Remember the idea of the tradition. Remember the idea of the tradition. Remember the idea of the Puritans is they want to establish a Puritans is they want to establish a Puritans is they want to establish a religious centralized theocracy on religious centralized theocracy on religious centralized theocracy on England. But England has always been uh England. But England has always been uh England. But England has always been uh pretty independent and autonomous. pretty independent and autonomous. pretty independent and autonomous. So what will happen is after Cromwell So what will happen is after Cromwell So what will happen is after Cromwell dies, the Cromwell goes away and the dies, the Cromwell goes away and the dies, the Cromwell goes away and the nobles reinstate a new king. Okay? Uh nobles reinstate a new king. Okay? Uh nobles reinstate a new king. Okay? Uh who is Charles II. After he dies, James who is Charles II. After he dies, James who is Charles II. After he dies, James the second will take the throne. The the second will take the throne. The the second will take the throne. The problem with James II is he's a problem with James II is he's a problem with James II is he's a Catholic. Okay? He's a Catholic. And so Catholic. Okay? He's a Catholic. And so Catholic. Okay? He's a Catholic. And so there are a lot of English who are who there are a lot of English who are who there are a lot of English who are who are afraid that he will that he will are afraid that he will that he will are afraid that he will that he will move too close to France, Spain, and the move too close to France, Spain, and the move too close to France, Spain, and the Vatican. And these are um British Vatican. And these are um British Vatican. And these are um British enemies. Okay. So what will happen is enemies. Okay. So what will happen is enemies. Okay. So what will happen is this. The nobles will invite a Dutch this. The nobles will invite a Dutch this. The nobles will invite a Dutch king Wilm of Orange who who is of king Wilm of Orange who who is of king Wilm of Orange who who is of British um blood to come to England in British um blood to come to England in British um blood to come to England in the year 1688. And the Wilm of Orange the year 1688. And the Wilm of Orange the year 1688. And the Wilm of Orange will bring about 10,000 soldiers to will bring about 10,000 soldiers to will bring about 10,000 soldiers to Britain. This is an invasion. This is Britain. This is an invasion. This is Britain. This is an invasion. This is the very last invasion that succeeds in the very last invasion that succeeds in the very last invasion that succeeds in Britain. King James has a larger army. Britain. King James has a larger army. Britain. King James has a larger army. But what will happen is King James is But what will happen is King James is But what will happen is King James is not very decisive. He's not very not very decisive. He's not very not very decisive. He's not very effective. So a lot of his army will effective. So a lot of his army will effective. So a lot of his army will desert him. So basically his army sort desert him. So basically his army sort desert him. So basically his army sort of dis dissipates and he's allowed to go of dis dissipates and he's allowed to go of dis dissipates and he's allowed to go to France. And one of Orange bloodless to France. And one of Orange bloodless to France. And one of Orange bloodless not not bloodlessly but he's but he's not not bloodlessly but he's but he's not not bloodlessly but he's but he's very quickly able to assume the throne. very quickly able to assume the throne. very quickly able to assume the throne. And this is significant because and this And this is significant because and this And this is significant because and this is called the glorious revolution. This is called the glorious revolution. This is called the glorious revolution. This is significant is significant is significant because it establishes for the first because it establishes for the first because it establishes for the first time officially the sovereignty of time officially the sovereignty of time officially the sovereignty of parliament over the king. Okay, does parliament over the king. Okay, does parliament over the king. Okay, does that okay? This is really important. that okay? This is really important. that okay? This is really important. Okay, now it's official. Parliament is Okay, now it's official. Parliament is Okay, now it's official. Parliament is the ultimate authority, ultimate the ultimate authority, ultimate the ultimate authority, ultimate sovereignty in Britain and the king is a sovereignty in Britain and the king is a sovereignty in Britain and the king is a figurehead, right? All right. And this figurehead, right? All right. And this figurehead, right? All right. And this is significant um because it will now is significant um because it will now is significant um because it will now allow Britain to energize the middle allow Britain to energize the middle allow Britain to energize the middle class. If you're middle class, you now class. If you're middle class, you now class. If you're middle class, you now have an incentive to work hard because have an incentive to work hard because have an incentive to work hard because now there's patents, there's trademarks. now there's patents, there's trademarks. now there's patents, there's trademarks. There's incentive for you to get rich. There's incentive for you to get rich. There's incentive for you to get rich. And this will lead to of course the And this will lead to of course the And this will lead to of course the industrial revolution. All right? So the industrial revolution. All right? So the industrial revolution. All right? So the glorious revolution is one of the main glorious revolution is one of the main glorious revolution is one of the main contributing factors to uh the contributing factors to uh the contributing factors to uh the industrial revolution in Britain. industrial revolution in Britain. industrial revolution in Britain. This is also significant because in This is also significant because in This is also significant because in 1694, the Bank of England is 1694, the Bank of England is 1694, the Bank of England is established. All right. Now, I I can't established. All right. Now, I I can't established. All right. Now, I I can't emphasize emphasize emphasize enough what a huge deal this is. All enough what a huge deal this is. All enough what a huge deal this is. All right. So, let me slowly explain why right. So, let me slowly explain why right. So, let me slowly explain why this is a big deal. And I want I want to this is a big deal. And I want I want to this is a big deal. And I want I want to make sure you understand because now we make sure you understand because now we make sure you understand because now we go into into into finance and economics. go into into into finance and economics. go into into into finance and economics. And I really haven't taught finance And I really haven't taught finance And I really haven't taught finance economics before. I I want to make sure economics before. I I want to make sure economics before. I I want to make sure that you understand the idea here. Okay. that you understand the idea here. Okay. that you understand the idea here. Okay. So before if you're a king and you want So before if you're a king and you want So before if you're a king and you want to fight a war, what you do is you to fight a war, what you do is you to fight a war, what you do is you borrow money from the rich and these are borrow money from the rich and these are borrow money from the rich and these are usually cortels. All right. So um usually cortels. All right. So um usually cortels. All right. So um Charles the second borrowed a lot of Charles the second borrowed a lot of Charles the second borrowed a lot of money to fight wars from the goldsmiths money to fight wars from the goldsmiths money to fight wars from the goldsmiths of um London including a group of Jews. of um London including a group of Jews. of um London including a group of Jews. Okay. And then he refused to pay it Okay. And then he refused to pay it Okay. And then he refused to pay it back. Now you have a problem because now back. Now you have a problem because now back. Now you have a problem because now you have um a credit crisis. You have a you have um a credit crisis. You have a you have um a credit crisis. You have a trust crisis, right? If the king refuses trust crisis, right? If the king refuses trust crisis, right? If the king refuses to pay back the rich for their uh loan, to pay back the rich for their uh loan, to pay back the rich for their uh loan, why would the king ever be able to raise why would the king ever be able to raise why would the king ever be able to raise funds ever again? Okay, so Parliament funds ever again? Okay, so Parliament funds ever again? Okay, so Parliament solves this problem because now because solves this problem because now because solves this problem because now because now if Parliament is the central now if Parliament is the central now if Parliament is the central authority, the central sovereignty in authority, the central sovereignty in authority, the central sovereignty in the land, then you are not lending money the land, then you are not lending money the land, then you are not lending money to the king. you are lending money to to the king. you are lending money to to the king. you are lending money to the the the nation, right? If a king dies or a king nation, right? If a king dies or a king nation, right? If a king dies or a king is deposed, you're screwed. You're not is deposed, you're screwed. You're not is deposed, you're screwed. You're not getting your money back. But if you lend getting your money back. But if you lend getting your money back. But if you lend money to the nation, the people through money to the nation, the people through money to the nation, the people through the parliament, then you are always the parliament, then you are always the parliament, then you are always guaranteed to get your money guaranteed to get your money guaranteed to get your money back unless England gets conquered. back unless England gets conquered. back unless England gets conquered. Okay? But we know because of the navy, Okay? But we know because of the navy, Okay? But we know because of the navy, England cannot be conquered. And so not England cannot be conquered. And so not England cannot be conquered. And so not only are the rich willing to lend money only are the rich willing to lend money only are the rich willing to lend money to the nation now to finance wars, but to the nation now to finance wars, but to the nation now to finance wars, but also foreigners, especially the Dutch, also foreigners, especially the Dutch, also foreigners, especially the Dutch, right? Because the Dutch were were very right? Because the Dutch were were very right? Because the Dutch were were very wealthy and they need a safe place to wealthy and they need a safe place to wealthy and they need a safe place to put their money. So where what's where's put their money. So where what's where's put their money. So where what's where's the safest place in the world to put the safest place in the world to put the safest place in the world to put your money now? England, right? Because your money now? England, right? Because your money now? England, right? Because if you are in the Netherlands, you can if you are in the Netherlands, you can if you are in the Netherlands, you can be conquered by the French or the be conquered by the French or the be conquered by the French or the Germans, which happen which happens a Germans, which happen which happens a Germans, which happen which happens a lot. But if your money, if your gold, lot. But if your money, if your gold, lot. But if your money, if your gold, and this is gold, right, goes to London, and this is gold, right, goes to London, and this is gold, right, goes to London, no one's going to touch that, be able to no one's going to touch that, be able to no one's going to touch that, be able to touch that. Okay? So now the Bank of touch that. Okay? So now the Bank of touch that. Okay? So now the Bank of England England England allows Britain to borrow money from its allows Britain to borrow money from its allows Britain to borrow money from its people, from foreigners, and from the people, from foreigners, and from the people, from foreigners, and from the future by printing money, right? By future by printing money, right? By future by printing money, right? By issuing war bonds. And therefore, issuing war bonds. And therefore, issuing war bonds. And therefore, Britain has infinite financing. And this Britain has infinite financing. And this Britain has infinite financing. And this is a major reason. This is the main is a major reason. This is the main is a major reason. This is the main reason why Britain was able to defeat reason why Britain was able to defeat reason why Britain was able to defeat Napoleon, right? It took seven wars, Napoleon, right? It took seven wars, Napoleon, right? It took seven wars, seven coalitions to defeat Napoleon. seven coalitions to defeat Napoleon. seven coalitions to defeat Napoleon. Each of these coalitions was financed by Each of these coalitions was financed by Each of these coalitions was financed by Britain. Okay? And once Napoleon was Britain. Okay? And once Napoleon was Britain. Okay? And once Napoleon was defeated, Britain became the hedgeimon defeated, Britain became the hedgeimon defeated, Britain became the hedgeimon of the world. It became the British of the world. It became the British of the world. It became the British Empire. No one could now challenge the Empire. No one could now challenge the Empire. No one could now challenge the might of Britain. Okay? So you might of Britain. Okay? So you might of Britain. Okay? So you understand the impact of central understand the impact of central understand the impact of central banking. Okay, central banking allows banking. Okay, central banking allows banking. Okay, central banking allows you to mortgage your nation's future in you to mortgage your nation's future in you to mortgage your nation's future in the pursuit of total war. It allows you the pursuit of total war. It allows you the pursuit of total war. It allows you to weaponize the trust and confidence of to weaponize the trust and confidence of to weaponize the trust and confidence of your people. Okay, does that make sense? your people. Okay, does that make sense? your people. Okay, does that make sense? But there's a problem. Okay, this is But there's a problem. Okay, this is But there's a problem. Okay, this is really important. There's a problem with really important. There's a problem with really important. There's a problem with this innovation. The problem is this. this innovation. The problem is this. this innovation. The problem is this. Once you commit to a war, once you raise Once you commit to a war, once you raise Once you commit to a war, once you raise debt and commit to war, you're forced to debt and commit to war, you're forced to debt and commit to war, you're forced to fight the war until the very bitter end. fight the war until the very bitter end. fight the war until the very bitter end. Right? Because if you lose the war, your Right? Because if you lose the war, your Right? Because if you lose the war, your nation goes bankrupt. Does that make nation goes bankrupt. Does that make nation goes bankrupt. Does that make sense, guys? Okay? That's why Britain sense, guys? Okay? That's why Britain sense, guys? Okay? That's why Britain refused to ever compromise with refused to ever compromise with refused to ever compromise with Napoleon, right? Napoleon said to Napoleon, right? Napoleon said to Napoleon, right? Napoleon said to Britain, "Hey guys, I control um all of Britain, "Hey guys, I control um all of Britain, "Hey guys, I control um all of Europe. Let's talk peace. let's just Europe. Let's talk peace. let's just Europe. Let's talk peace. let's just trade peacefully. And Britain says, "No, trade peacefully. And Britain says, "No, trade peacefully. And Britain says, "No, we can't do that because we lent a lot we can't do that because we lent a lot we can't do that because we lent a lot of money to the Austrians, the of money to the Austrians, the of money to the Austrians, the Prussians, and the Germans, and the Prussians, and the Germans, and the Prussians, and the Germans, and the Russians in order to defeat you. If we Russians in order to defeat you. If we Russians in order to defeat you. If we sign a deal of peace, all money is now sign a deal of peace, all money is now sign a deal of peace, all money is now gone. And we, the Bank of England, we gone. And we, the Bank of England, we gone. And we, the Bank of England, we the British nation is completely wiped the British nation is completely wiped the British nation is completely wiped out. We are completely wiped out." Okay? out. We are completely wiped out." Okay? out. We are completely wiped out." Okay? Do you understand? This is really Do you understand? This is really Do you understand? This is really important for the future history of important for the future history of important for the future history of Europe. If Britain fights a war, it does Europe. If Britain fights a war, it does Europe. If Britain fights a war, it does so through financing. It does so through so through financing. It does so through so through financing. It does so through debt. But because it does so through debt. But because it does so through debt. But because it does so through debt, it has to fight the war until it debt, it has to fight the war until it debt, it has to fight the war until it wins. It can never ever compromise. It wins. It can never ever compromise. It wins. It can never ever compromise. It can never ever can never ever can never ever surrender. All surrender. All surrender. All right? And this is important because right? And this is important because right? And this is important because this explains what happened in World War this explains what happened in World War this explains what happened in World War I, World War II, and this also explains I, World War II, and this also explains I, World War II, and this also explains um and I I'll I'll discuss this towards um and I I'll I'll discuss this towards um and I I'll I'll discuss this towards the end of the semester. It also the end of the semester. It also the end of the semester. It also explains American foreign policy. explains American foreign policy. explains American foreign policy. Okay. Okay. Was that clear to you guys? Okay. Okay. Was that clear to you guys? Okay. Okay. Was that clear to you guys? Any questions about what we've learned Any questions about what we've learned Any questions about what we've learned so so so far? Okay. Now, I want to talk about far? Okay. Now, I want to talk about far? Okay. Now, I want to talk about political political political philosophy of the British. Okay. Because philosophy of the British. Okay. Because philosophy of the British. Okay. Because again, we discussed this throughout um again, we discussed this throughout um again, we discussed this throughout um this course. You can have new ideas, but this course. You can have new ideas, but this course. You can have new ideas, but now you have to justify these new ideas. now you have to justify these new ideas. now you have to justify these new ideas. You have to explain uh the innovation You have to explain uh the innovation You have to explain uh the innovation through philosophy to the people. Okay. through philosophy to the people. Okay. through philosophy to the people. Okay. So um Britain at this time is is really So um Britain at this time is is really So um Britain at this time is is really famous for its political philosophers at famous for its political philosophers at famous for its political philosophers at this time. Thomas Hobbes um is one of this time. Thomas Hobbes um is one of this time. Thomas Hobbes um is one of the most dominant political the most dominant political the most dominant political philosophers. He lived through the philosophers. He lived through the philosophers. He lived through the English civil war. He saw all the chaos, English civil war. He saw all the chaos, English civil war. He saw all the chaos, all the destruction and he wrote a book all the destruction and he wrote a book all the destruction and he wrote a book called Leviathon. Leviathon is to called Leviathon. Leviathon is to called Leviathon. Leviathon is to justify why Britain returned to a justify why Britain returned to a justify why Britain returned to a monarchy instead of maintaining a monarchy instead of maintaining a monarchy instead of maintaining a commonwealth. Okay. And this is the most commonwealth. Okay. And this is the most commonwealth. Okay. And this is the most famous passage from his book Leviathon famous passage from his book Leviathon famous passage from his book Leviathon which you'll probably read in which you'll probably read in which you'll probably read in university. Okay. There is no place for university. Okay. There is no place for university. Okay. There is no place for industry because the fruit thereof is industry because the fruit thereof is industry because the fruit thereof is uncertain and consequently no culture of uncertain and consequently no culture of uncertain and consequently no culture of the earth. No navigation nor use of the earth. No navigation nor use of the earth. No navigation nor use of commodities that may be imported by sea, commodities that may be imported by sea, commodities that may be imported by sea, no commodious building, no arts, no no commodious building, no arts, no no commodious building, no arts, no letters, no society and which is worse letters, no society and which is worse letters, no society and which is worse of all continual fear and danger of of all continual fear and danger of of all continual fear and danger of violent death. The life of man, violent death. The life of man, violent death. The life of man, solitary, poor, nasty, Buddhist and solitary, poor, nasty, Buddhist and solitary, poor, nasty, Buddhist and short. Okay. So, um he's trying to short. Okay. So, um he's trying to short. Okay. So, um he's trying to explain why there's government and so he explain why there's government and so he explain why there's government and so he gives the idea like we were born in a gives the idea like we were born in a gives the idea like we were born in a state of nature and we're free to do state of nature and we're free to do state of nature and we're free to do whatever we want. We can kill, we can whatever we want. We can kill, we can whatever we want. We can kill, we can love, we can steal, we can do what love, we can steal, we can do what love, we can steal, we can do what whatever we want. So why would we give whatever we want. So why would we give whatever we want. So why would we give up this freedom in order to enter a up this freedom in order to enter a up this freedom in order to enter a state of nature? So in order to have state of nature? So in order to have state of nature? So in order to have government the answer is because state government the answer is because state government the answer is because state of nature sucks. Okay? Because you can of nature sucks. Okay? Because you can of nature sucks. Okay? Because you can be killed because because things will be be killed because because things will be be killed because because things will be stolen from you because there'll be no stolen from you because there'll be no stolen from you because there'll be no innovation. So no matter how bad innovation. So no matter how bad innovation. So no matter how bad government is, it's absolutely government is, it's absolutely government is, it's absolutely necessary. necessary. necessary. Okay. Now this is John Lock. Okay. And Okay. Now this is John Lock. Okay. And Okay. Now this is John Lock. Okay. And John Lock is writing during the time of John Lock is writing during the time of John Lock is writing during the time of the glorious revolution. He is a the glorious revolution. He is a the glorious revolution. He is a supporter of parliament. He's a supporter of parliament. He's a supporter of parliament. He's a supporter of the glorious revolution. supporter of the glorious revolution. supporter of the glorious revolution. Okay. And he and he writes something Okay. And he and he writes something Okay. And he and he writes something called uh so 1688 is glorious called uh so 1688 is glorious called uh so 1688 is glorious revolution. In 1689 he will publish um revolution. In 1689 he will publish um revolution. In 1689 he will publish um the second treaties on government. And the second treaties on government. And the second treaties on government. And this is his most famous work. Okay. this is his most famous work. Okay. this is his most famous work. Okay. Again, when you go to university, you Again, when you go to university, you Again, when you go to university, you will have to study the second treatise. will have to study the second treatise. will have to study the second treatise. But in it, he basically explains that, But in it, he basically explains that, But in it, he basically explains that, okay, Hobbes is right. We are born in a okay, Hobbes is right. We are born in a okay, Hobbes is right. We are born in a state of nature and we do need state of nature and we do need state of nature and we do need government. But let's remember this. government. But let's remember this. government. But let's remember this. When we're born in a state of nature, we When we're born in a state of nature, we When we're born in a state of nature, we are born with certain inalienable are born with certain inalienable are born with certain inalienable rights. And these three rights are the rights. And these three rights are the rights. And these three rights are the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit right to life, liberty, and the pursuit right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of property. The proper function of of property. The proper function of of property. The proper function of government is to maintain our rights. government is to maintain our rights. government is to maintain our rights. The government does not do that. Then we The government does not do that. Then we The government does not do that. Then we have the flexibility. We have the have the flexibility. We have the have the flexibility. We have the freedom to rebel against the government. freedom to rebel against the government. freedom to rebel against the government. Okay. So Hobbes is saying government is Okay. So Hobbes is saying government is Okay. So Hobbes is saying government is necessary. You can never ever challenge necessary. You can never ever challenge necessary. You can never ever challenge it because if you do things will get it because if you do things will get it because if you do things will get much worse. Lo is saying government is much worse. Lo is saying government is much worse. Lo is saying government is only legitimate if it guarantees us our only legitimate if it guarantees us our only legitimate if it guarantees us our inelible rights. Right? So lo is inelible rights. Right? So lo is inelible rights. Right? So lo is considered the founder of liberalism and considered the founder of liberalism and considered the founder of liberalism and his ideas will become the basis for the his ideas will become the basis for the his ideas will become the basis for the US constitution which will which we will US constitution which will which we will US constitution which will which we will study next Thursday. Okay. So I I want study next Thursday. Okay. So I I want study next Thursday. Okay. So I I want you to remember this. All right. Now you to remember this. All right. Now you to remember this. All right. Now what I'm doing now and this is really what I'm doing now and this is really what I'm doing now and this is really important okay is compare and contrast important okay is compare and contrast important okay is compare and contrast the British enlightenment with the the British enlightenment with the the British enlightenment with the European enlightenment. Remember before European enlightenment. Remember before European enlightenment. Remember before we did the European enlightenment we we did the European enlightenment we we did the European enlightenment we studied Rouso. We studied Kant uh studied Rouso. We studied Kant uh studied Rouso. We studied Kant uh Voltier. Okay. And I told you the Voltier. Okay. And I told you the Voltier. Okay. And I told you the British enlightenment is very different British enlightenment is very different British enlightenment is very different from the European Enlightenment in three from the European Enlightenment in three from the European Enlightenment in three major ways. Okay. So now what I will do major ways. Okay. So now what I will do major ways. Okay. So now what I will do is explain what the differences are. is explain what the differences are. is explain what the differences are. Okay. All right. So let's compare Rouso Okay. All right. So let's compare Rouso Okay. All right. So let's compare Rouso and Loach. Loach um uh published his and Loach. Loach um uh published his and Loach. Loach um uh published his theories um at the end of the 17th theories um at the end of the 17th theories um at the end of the 17th century. Rouso comes about 50 years century. Rouso comes about 50 years century. Rouso comes about 50 years later. Okay. And Rouso will give us a later. Okay. And Rouso will give us a later. Okay. And Rouso will give us a French revolution. So there are three French revolution. So there are three French revolution. So there are three major differences I want you to remember major differences I want you to remember major differences I want you to remember between British uh political philosophy between British uh political philosophy between British uh political philosophy and European political philosophy. Okay. and European political philosophy. Okay. and European political philosophy. Okay. The first is this. Loach believes that The first is this. Loach believes that The first is this. Loach believes that we are born tabula rasa the blank slate. we are born tabula rasa the blank slate. we are born tabula rasa the blank slate. Okay. Which means that we are influenced Okay. Which means that we are influenced Okay. Which means that we are influenced by the environment. If our parents are by the environment. If our parents are by the environment. If our parents are nice to us we'll be good people. Our nice to us we'll be good people. Our nice to us we'll be good people. Our parents are mean to us we'll become bad parents are mean to us we'll become bad parents are mean to us we'll become bad people. Tabua rasa. Okay. We are people. Tabua rasa. Okay. We are people. Tabua rasa. Okay. We are controlled, nurtured by the environment. controlled, nurtured by the environment. controlled, nurtured by the environment. We're so the Europeans believe no we are We're so the Europeans believe no we are We're so the Europeans believe no we are born inherently good. Not only that, we born inherently good. Not only that, we born inherently good. Not only that, we were born with the capacity to reason if were born with the capacity to reason if were born with the capacity to reason if we are given the freedom to reason. we are given the freedom to reason. we are given the freedom to reason. Remember when we discussed Rouso, he Remember when we discussed Rouso, he Remember when we discussed Rouso, he said do not educate your child before said do not educate your child before said do not educate your child before the age of 12 because if you do, you'll the age of 12 because if you do, you'll the age of 12 because if you do, you'll just screw up the child. Okay? And the just screw up the child. Okay? And the just screw up the child. Okay? And the idea is there's a natural capacity in us idea is there's a natural capacity in us idea is there's a natural capacity in us that will grow over time that allows us that will grow over time that allows us that will grow over time that allows us to reason naturally. So Russo believed to reason naturally. So Russo believed to reason naturally. So Russo believed this but also Kant believe this as well. this but also Kant believe this as well. this but also Kant believe this as well. Okay. So that's a huge difference, Okay. So that's a huge difference, Okay. So that's a huge difference, right? Second major difference is this. right? Second major difference is this. right? Second major difference is this. Lo believes the purpose of society is Lo believes the purpose of society is Lo believes the purpose of society is liberty. Liberty just means you are free liberty. Liberty just means you are free liberty. Liberty just means you are free to do whatever you want. If you want to to do whatever you want. If you want to to do whatever you want. If you want to eat ice cream, go ahead and do it. Yes, eat ice cream, go ahead and do it. Yes, eat ice cream, go ahead and do it. Yes, ice cream will make you fat. Ice cream ice cream will make you fat. Ice cream ice cream will make you fat. Ice cream will um uh maybe increase your chole will um uh maybe increase your chole will um uh maybe increase your chole cholesterol, but you should have the cholesterol, but you should have the cholesterol, but you should have the freedom, the liberty to to make that freedom, the liberty to to make that freedom, the liberty to to make that choice. Okay, that's the purpose of choice. Okay, that's the purpose of choice. Okay, that's the purpose of society to give you the liberty to make society to give you the liberty to make society to give you the liberty to make bad bad bad choices. For Rouso, the purpose of choices. For Rouso, the purpose of choices. For Rouso, the purpose of society is reason. Society, if it's society is reason. Society, if it's society is reason. Society, if it's good, should enable you to reason good, should enable you to reason good, should enable you to reason properly. Okay. So uh the Europeans properly. Okay. So uh the Europeans properly. Okay. So uh the Europeans believe that society should be much more believe that society should be much more believe that society should be much more interventionist. It should help you interventionist. It should help you interventionist. It should help you become more reasonable because reason is become more reasonable because reason is become more reasonable because reason is what allows for freedom. Okay. And the what allows for freedom. Okay. And the what allows for freedom. Okay. And the last major difference and this is key. last major difference and this is key. last major difference and this is key. Okay guys, I I need you guys to remember Okay guys, I I need you guys to remember Okay guys, I I need you guys to remember these three differences. The last major these three differences. The last major these three differences. The last major difference is difference is difference is this. How do you base laws? On what this. How do you base laws? On what this. How do you base laws? On what basis do you have laws? Okay. And so for basis do you have laws? Okay. And so for basis do you have laws? Okay. And so for luck, the answer is very simple. luck, the answer is very simple. luck, the answer is very simple. Tradition, guys. It's just what we've Tradition, guys. It's just what we've Tradition, guys. It's just what we've been doing all this time, right? British been doing all this time, right? British been doing all this time, right? British common law. If the Romans did it and common law. If the Romans did it and common law. If the Romans did it and we're still doing it, it's probably for we're still doing it, it's probably for we're still doing it, it's probably for a reason. It's probably because it a reason. It's probably because it a reason. It's probably because it works. But for Rouso and the Europeans, works. But for Rouso and the Europeans, works. But for Rouso and the Europeans, it's general will. Remember, okay, so it's general will. Remember, okay, so it's general will. Remember, okay, so just remind you, general will is what is just remind you, general will is what is just remind you, general will is what is in the best interest of people. Okay, in the best interest of people. Okay, in the best interest of people. Okay, this is really important. It's not what this is really important. It's not what this is really important. It's not what people want. It's what the majority people want. It's what the majority people want. It's what the majority says. It's what is in the best interest says. It's what is in the best interest says. It's what is in the best interest of people. So Rouso talks about this a of people. So Rouso talks about this a of people. So Rouso talks about this a lot where okay if you let people if you lot where okay if you let people if you lot where okay if you let people if you let people vote there's a danger that let people vote there's a danger that let people vote there's a danger that they'll be influenced by a minority who they'll be influenced by a minority who they'll be influenced by a minority who manipulates them. Okay the idea of the manipulates them. Okay the idea of the manipulates them. Okay the idea of the general will is think about this using a general will is think about this using a general will is think about this using a reason. Think about what is in the best reason. Think about what is in the best reason. Think about what is in the best interest of everyone. All right so if interest of everyone. All right so if interest of everyone. All right so if everyone's like you know I want free ice everyone's like you know I want free ice everyone's like you know I want free ice cream. Okay this entire school says I cream. Okay this entire school says I cream. Okay this entire school says I want free ice cream then we should give want free ice cream then we should give want free ice cream then we should give you free ice cream according to law. you free ice cream according to law. you free ice cream according to law. Right. But according to Rouso, no, we Right. But according to Rouso, no, we Right. But according to Rouso, no, we cannot give you ice cream because if you cannot give you ice cream because if you cannot give you ice cream because if you sit down independently and think about sit down independently and think about sit down independently and think about what is your in your best interest, you what is your in your best interest, you what is your in your best interest, you would know that ice cream is bad for would know that ice cream is bad for would know that ice cream is bad for you. Therefore, we should not give you you. Therefore, we should not give you you. Therefore, we should not give you ice cream. Okay? The general wheel is ice cream. Okay? The general wheel is ice cream. Okay? The general wheel is what is in the best interest of everyone what is in the best interest of everyone what is in the best interest of everyone involved. Not necessarily what you vote involved. Not necessarily what you vote involved. Not necessarily what you vote for, not necessarily what you believe, for, not necessarily what you believe, for, not necessarily what you believe, but what is in your best interest. Okay? but what is in your best interest. Okay? but what is in your best interest. Okay? If you have reason, if you have the If you have reason, if you have the If you have reason, if you have the capacity to reason. All right? capacity to reason. All right? capacity to reason. All right? Now let's just summarize what the Now let's just summarize what the Now let's just summarize what the difference is. The Europeans always difference is. The Europeans always difference is. The Europeans always asking what is good, what is right. The asking what is good, what is right. The asking what is good, what is right. The British and then later on the Americans British and then later on the Americans British and then later on the Americans only ask what works. Okay, what only ask what works. Okay, what only ask what works. Okay, what works? What is the least worst world we works? What is the least worst world we works? What is the least worst world we can live in? Okay, so the British are can live in? Okay, so the British are can live in? Okay, so the British are practical. You you can also say the practical. You you can also say the practical. You you can also say the British are utitarian where the British are utitarian where the British are utitarian where the Europeans are romantic and they are Europeans are romantic and they are Europeans are romantic and they are idealistic. All right. Also, and this is really right. Also, and this is really important because Rouso's on our important because Rouso's on our important because Rouso's on our thinking will give us the philosophies thinking will give us the philosophies thinking will give us the philosophies of communism and of communism and of communism and Nazism. Okay. Does that make sense? And Nazism. Okay. Does that make sense? And Nazism. Okay. Does that make sense? And of course, Lock's ideas will give us the of course, Lock's ideas will give us the of course, Lock's ideas will give us the US Constitution. Right? So, this is part US Constitution. Right? So, this is part US Constitution. Right? So, this is part of the of the of the Anglo-American political tradition. This Anglo-American political tradition. This Anglo-American political tradition. This will now become the European tradition, will now become the European tradition, will now become the European tradition, which will give us Marxism and which will give us Marxism and which will give us Marxism and communism. communism. communism. All right. All right. Let's continue. All right. All right. Let's continue. All right. All right. Let's continue. So, one one of the most important So, one one of the most important So, one one of the most important political philosophers in Britain is political philosophers in Britain is political philosophers in Britain is Jeremy Bentham. And he's the founder of Jeremy Bentham. And he's the founder of Jeremy Bentham. And he's the founder of something called something called something called utilitarianism. Okay. So, utilitarianism. Okay. So, utilitarianism. Okay. So, um Bentham agrees with Loach and that we um Bentham agrees with Loach and that we um Bentham agrees with Loach and that we need a more liberal society. We need a need a more liberal society. We need a need a more liberal society. We need a more progressive society. But for him more progressive society. But for him more progressive society. But for him it's really a question of like how do it's really a question of like how do it's really a question of like how do you mathematically and logically come to you mathematically and logically come to you mathematically and logically come to the point where you have a tolerant the point where you have a tolerant the point where you have a tolerant liberal progressive society and so he liberal progressive society and so he liberal progressive society and so he develops the idea of utitarianism okay develops the idea of utitarianism okay develops the idea of utitarianism okay the idea of utterism is there are two the idea of utterism is there are two the idea of utterism is there are two principles that govern the universe okay principles that govern the universe okay principles that govern the universe okay that motivate us there's the pleasure that motivate us there's the pleasure that motivate us there's the pleasure principle and there's a pain principle principle and there's a pain principle principle and there's a pain principle okay and so what he says is if if okay and so what he says is if if okay and so what he says is if if something makes us happy it's inherently something makes us happy it's inherently something makes us happy it's inherently good. If something is makes us feel good. If something is makes us feel good. If something is makes us feel pain, it's inherently bad. Okay. So, we pain, it's inherently bad. Okay. So, we pain, it's inherently bad. Okay. So, we should we should structure a society should we should structure a society should we should structure a society that mathematically calculates that mathematically calculates that mathematically calculates um the amount of pain and pleasure we um the amount of pain and pleasure we um the amount of pain and pleasure we produce and then we should produce and then we should produce and then we should maximize the pleasure and reduce the maximize the pleasure and reduce the maximize the pleasure and reduce the pain. Okay? And if you if you do that, pain. Okay? And if you if you do that, pain. Okay? And if you if you do that, then you get to the same point of lock then you get to the same point of lock then you get to the same point of lock where people should be guaranteed where people should be guaranteed where people should be guaranteed liberty. People should be allowed to do liberty. People should be allowed to do liberty. People should be allowed to do whatever they want as long as it doesn't whatever they want as long as it doesn't whatever they want as long as it doesn't really harm other people. Okay? If you really harm other people. Okay? If you really harm other people. Okay? If you want to eat ice cream, go eat ice cream. want to eat ice cream, go eat ice cream. want to eat ice cream, go eat ice cream. You're not harming You're not harming You're not harming anyone. All right? anyone. All right? anyone. All right? Um obviously there are lots of issues Um obviously there are lots of issues Um obviously there are lots of issues with this theory of utenism. So along with this theory of utenism. So along with this theory of utenism. So along comes his disciple John Stewart Mill. comes his disciple John Stewart Mill. comes his disciple John Stewart Mill. And John Stewart Mill is considered uh And John Stewart Mill is considered uh And John Stewart Mill is considered uh the most significant political the most significant political the most significant political philosopher of the past 200 years. Okay? philosopher of the past 200 years. Okay? philosopher of the past 200 years. Okay? He is the founder of what we call He is the founder of what we call He is the founder of what we call classical liberalism. The very basis of classical liberalism. The very basis of classical liberalism. The very basis of classical liberalism is people should be classical liberalism is people should be classical liberalism is people should be free to do whatever they want as long as free to do whatever they want as long as free to do whatever they want as long as it doesn't hurt anyone. Also, people it doesn't hurt anyone. Also, people it doesn't hurt anyone. Also, people should be allowed to say whatever they should be allowed to say whatever they should be allowed to say whatever they want because free debate, free open want because free debate, free open want because free debate, free open debate is what allows for society to debate is what allows for society to debate is what allows for society to progress. Okay. So, what John Mill does progress. Okay. So, what John Mill does progress. Okay. So, what John Mill does is he takes the principles of utenism is he takes the principles of utenism is he takes the principles of utenism and refineses it and refineses it and refineses it um in order to explain um in order to explain um in order to explain why classical liberalism is the best why classical liberalism is the best why classical liberalism is the best philosophy out there. Okay. And philosophy out there. Okay. And philosophy out there. Okay. And classical liberalism will include uh classical liberalism will include uh classical liberalism will include uh women's rights. Okay. It will include women's rights. Okay. It will include women's rights. Okay. It will include prison reform. It will include u a more prison reform. It will include u a more prison reform. It will include u a more egalitarian society. egalitarian society. egalitarian society. Okay. All right. So Okay. All right. So Okay. All right. So um another thing that lock sorry John um another thing that lock sorry John um another thing that lock sorry John Mill that does that's very important is Mill that does that's very important is Mill that does that's very important is he explains pleasure is not what you he explains pleasure is not what you he explains pleasure is not what you think it is. Okay. Pleasure isn't like, think it is. Okay. Pleasure isn't like, think it is. Okay. Pleasure isn't like, okay, whatever makes me happy. Because okay, whatever makes me happy. Because okay, whatever makes me happy. Because there are different types of pleasure. there are different types of pleasure. there are different types of pleasure. There's short-term pleasure and there's There's short-term pleasure and there's There's short-term pleasure and there's long-term pleasure, right? Short-term long-term pleasure, right? Short-term long-term pleasure, right? Short-term pleasure is eating ice cream every day. pleasure is eating ice cream every day. pleasure is eating ice cream every day. Long-term pleasure is having a healthy Long-term pleasure is having a healthy Long-term pleasure is having a healthy body and you can which which allows you body and you can which which allows you body and you can which which allows you to climb mountains, which allows you to to climb mountains, which allows you to to climb mountains, which allows you to uh enjoy life more. Okay. Short-term uh enjoy life more. Okay. Short-term uh enjoy life more. Okay. Short-term pleasure is just watching Tik Tok pleasure is just watching Tik Tok pleasure is just watching Tik Tok videos. long-term pleasure is being able videos. long-term pleasure is being able videos. long-term pleasure is being able to read Shakespeare, being able to read to read Shakespeare, being able to read to read Shakespeare, being able to read Dante, and being able to enjoy life Dante, and being able to enjoy life Dante, and being able to enjoy life more. Okay? So that is this major more. Okay? So that is this major more. Okay? So that is this major refinement of banam. Just because you refinement of banam. Just because you refinement of banam. Just because you enjoy something today doesn't mean it's enjoy something today doesn't mean it's enjoy something today doesn't mean it's good for you. So, so we have the good for you. So, so we have the good for you. So, so we have the capacity to understand there's capacity to understand there's capacity to understand there's short-term pleasure and there's short-term pleasure and there's short-term pleasure and there's long-term pleasure. Okay? Long-term long-term pleasure. Okay? Long-term long-term pleasure. Okay? Long-term pleasure is what he refers to as pleasure is what he refers to as pleasure is what he refers to as happiness. The purpose of life is to be happiness. The purpose of life is to be happiness. The purpose of life is to be happy. It's not necessarily to seek happy. It's not necessarily to seek happy. It's not necessarily to seek pleasure. It's it's but it's the the pleasure. It's it's but it's the the pleasure. It's it's but it's the the purpose is to purpose is to purpose is to um to seek happiness. Okay. All right. um to seek happiness. Okay. All right. um to seek happiness. Okay. All right. So this is a very rough in introduction. So this is a very rough in introduction. So this is a very rough in introduction. Um you will learn all this stuff when Um you will learn all this stuff when Um you will learn all this stuff when you get to university. Okay. All right. you get to university. Okay. All right. you get to university. Okay. All right. So the these are the reasons why the So the these are the reasons why the So the these are the reasons why the British Empire came to conquer the British Empire came to conquer the British Empire came to conquer the world. Okay. All right. its history, its world. Okay. All right. its history, its world. Okay. All right. its history, its geography, its demographics forces it to geography, its demographics forces it to geography, its demographics forces it to engage in a continuous series of engage in a continuous series of engage in a continuous series of innovation. This innovation will allow innovation. This innovation will allow innovation. This innovation will allow it to eventually dominate the entire it to eventually dominate the entire it to eventually dominate the entire world. And even though the British world. And even though the British world. And even though the British Empire is gone, we still have the common Empire is gone, we still have the common Empire is gone, we still have the common the British Commonwealth. Okay. So, the British Commonwealth. Okay. So, the British Commonwealth. Okay. So, these are nations that speak English these are nations that speak English these are nations that speak English that um believe British culture it's the that um believe British culture it's the that um believe British culture it's the best in the world and who believe that best in the world and who believe that best in the world and who believe that um working together in a community will um working together in a community will um working together in a community will be beneficial for all. Okay. The British be beneficial for all. Okay. The British be beneficial for all. Okay. The British Commonwealth. Okay. And that's a legacy Commonwealth. Okay. And that's a legacy Commonwealth. Okay. And that's a legacy we still have of the British we still have of the British we still have of the British Empire. Okay. So, now that I've done a Empire. Okay. So, now that I've done a Empire. Okay. So, now that I've done a brief introduction, what I want to do brief introduction, what I want to do brief introduction, what I want to do now is summarize the main points so that now is summarize the main points so that now is summarize the main points so that you uh so that you have a pretty clear you uh so that you have a pretty clear you uh so that you have a pretty clear framework to work with as we progress framework to work with as we progress framework to work with as we progress into the American Empire. into the American Empire. into the American Empire. Okay. All right. So, what I'm going to Okay. All right. So, what I'm going to Okay. All right. So, what I'm going to do now is just summarize what we've do now is just summarize what we've do now is just summarize what we've learned into a story of the British learned into a story of the British learned into a story of the British Empire. Right. So, what was this clear Empire. Right. So, what was this clear Empire. Right. So, what was this clear to you guys? to you guys? to you guys? All right. So, let's now just summarize All right. So, let's now just summarize All right. So, let's now just summarize what we've what we've what we've learned. learned. learned. Sorry. All right. So, there are many Sorry. All right. So, there are many Sorry. All right. So, there are many many reasons why the British Empire came many reasons why the British Empire came many reasons why the British Empire came to dominate the world. Okay. But the to dominate the world. Okay. But the to dominate the world. Okay. But the three things I want to highlight today three things I want to highlight today three things I want to highlight today is the Royal is the Royal is the Royal Navy. Okay. So, the thing to remember Navy. Okay. So, the thing to remember Navy. Okay. So, the thing to remember about the Royal Navy is its main purpose about the Royal Navy is its main purpose about the Royal Navy is its main purpose is actually not to engage in war and is actually not to engage in war and is actually not to engage in war and conquest. Its main purpose is actually conquest. Its main purpose is actually conquest. Its main purpose is actually to to maintain global to to maintain global to to maintain global trade. Why? Because remember Britain is trade. Why? Because remember Britain is trade. Why? Because remember Britain is the first nation to industrialize. the first nation to industrialize. the first nation to industrialize. Therefore, it's producing a lot of Therefore, it's producing a lot of Therefore, it's producing a lot of finished goods. If you have finished finished goods. If you have finished finished goods. If you have finished goods, you need markets. So the Brit the goods, you need markets. So the Brit the goods, you need markets. So the Brit the British Navy, its main purpose is to British Navy, its main purpose is to British Navy, its main purpose is to open up new markets and then to maintain open up new markets and then to maintain open up new markets and then to maintain safe trade routes safe trade routes safe trade routes uh against pirates. Okay. To facilitate uh against pirates. Okay. To facilitate uh against pirates. Okay. To facilitate global trade. So, and this of course global trade. So, and this of course global trade. So, and this of course made Britain extremely wealthy. Second made Britain extremely wealthy. Second made Britain extremely wealthy. Second major reason is the Bank of major reason is the Bank of major reason is the Bank of England, right? I cannot stress enough England, right? I cannot stress enough England, right? I cannot stress enough how important this innovation was. Also, how important this innovation was. Also, how important this innovation was. Also, what's really important first remember what's really important first remember what's really important first remember is the Bank of England was is the Bank of England was is the Bank of England was private. Okay, private. So they have the private. Okay, private. So they have the private. Okay, private. So they have the powers of a central bank, the power powers of a central bank, the power powers of a central bank, the power to print money, issue currency, the to print money, issue currency, the to print money, issue currency, the power to issue debt, sell bonds, but it power to issue debt, sell bonds, but it power to issue debt, sell bonds, but it was private, meaning it was controlled was private, meaning it was controlled was private, meaning it was controlled by rich by rich by rich stockholders. Okay? And the reason why stockholders. Okay? And the reason why stockholders. Okay? And the reason why they did this is they did this is they did this is um it was just the easiest way in order um it was just the easiest way in order um it was just the easiest way in order to raise money quickly. Okay, if that to raise money quickly. Okay, if that to raise money quickly. Okay, if that makes sense, right? Right? Because if makes sense, right? Right? Because if makes sense, right? Right? Because if you're if you are a public person, you you're if you are a public person, you you're if you are a public person, you may not want to give your money to to may not want to give your money to to may not want to give your money to to the government. But you're a rich the government. But you're a rich the government. But you're a rich person, where are you going to put your person, where are you going to put your person, where are you going to put your money? You're going to put your money uh money? You're going to put your money uh money? You're going to put your money uh into a a central bank that's that's into a a central bank that's that's into a a central bank that's that's supported by the government. Okay. All supported by the government. Okay. All supported by the government. Okay. All right. Uh and the third major reason right. Uh and the third major reason right. Uh and the third major reason is English. All right. So the is English. All right. So the is English. All right. So the development of English, which is again development of English, which is again development of English, which is again the e the world's easiest language to the e the world's easiest language to the e the world's easiest language to learn. So most languages in order to learn. So most languages in order to learn. So most languages in order to speak it well you have you have you speak it well you have you have you speak it well you have you have you actually have to grow up in a place actually have to grow up in a place actually have to grow up in a place right? So if you want you want to speak right? So if you want you want to speak right? So if you want you want to speak Chinese very well then the best solution Chinese very well then the best solution Chinese very well then the best solution is to be born in is to be born in is to be born in China but English is different. English China but English is different. English China but English is different. English is you can learn at any age and still is you can learn at any age and still is you can learn at any age and still have a pretty good command of the have a pretty good command of the have a pretty good command of the language. Okay that's a huge innovation language. Okay that's a huge innovation language. Okay that's a huge innovation uh in human history. All right. So now uh in human history. All right. So now uh in human history. All right. So now let's let's try to figure out why was let's let's try to figure out why was let's let's try to figure out why was England able to achieve these three England able to achieve these three England able to achieve these three major innovations okay and not other major innovations okay and not other major innovations okay and not other places okay the first principle is the places okay the first principle is the places okay the first principle is the idea of idea of idea of open open open cooperative cooperative cooperative competition which I will explain. Okay. competition which I will explain. Okay. competition which I will explain. Okay. Second is this idea of creative Second is this idea of creative Second is this idea of creative destruction meaning the elite is being destruction meaning the elite is being destruction meaning the elite is being constantly replaced by a new elite that constantly replaced by a new elite that constantly replaced by a new elite that brings in new ideas. The brings in new ideas. The brings in new ideas. The third is third is third is expansion. Okay. So colonial expansion expansion. Okay. So colonial expansion expansion. Okay. So colonial expansion where the British are the English are where the British are the English are where the British are the English are forced to migrate overseas instead of forced to migrate overseas instead of forced to migrate overseas instead of Canada, the United States, uh Australia, Canada, the United States, uh Australia, Canada, the United States, uh Australia, New Zealand um and other places as well. New Zealand um and other places as well. New Zealand um and other places as well. Okay. but per p per p per p per p per p per p per p per p per p per p permanently these places. So these are permanently these places. So these are permanently these places. So these are the three major factors that drive uh the three major factors that drive uh the three major factors that drive uh innovation and because of all this innovation and because of all this innovation and because of all this constant process of of innovation you constant process of of innovation you constant process of of innovation you have Britain develop a navy a bank and a have Britain develop a navy a bank and a have Britain develop a navy a bank and a new language that is fairly easy to new language that is fairly easy to new language that is fairly easy to learn. All right, really quickly I'm learn. All right, really quickly I'm learn. All right, really quickly I'm going to discuss the idea of open going to discuss the idea of open going to discuss the idea of open cooperative competition. All right. So cooperative competition. All right. So cooperative competition. All right. So historically civilizations develop like historically civilizations develop like historically civilizations develop like on a major on a major on a major river. So if you look at China, China river. So if you look at China, China river. So if you look at China, China developed on the Yangze. Egypt developed developed on the Yangze. Egypt developed developed on the Yangze. Egypt developed on the Nile. Mesop Mesopania developed on the Nile. Mesop Mesopania developed on the Nile. Mesop Mesopania developed on the Tigress and Euphrates. India on the Tigress and Euphrates. India on the Tigress and Euphrates. India developed on the Indis Valley. Okay? And developed on the Indis Valley. Okay? And developed on the Indis Valley. Okay? And the Ganges. Why? Because if you have a the Ganges. Why? Because if you have a the Ganges. Why? Because if you have a major river, you can build a settlement major river, you can build a settlement major river, you can build a settlement and then for and then for and then for irrigation you can expand your irrigation you can expand your irrigation you can expand your population. Okay? And once your population. Okay? And once your population. Okay? And once your population expands, it will allow you to population expands, it will allow you to population expands, it will allow you to colonize other areas and then your colonize other areas and then your colonize other areas and then your population keeps on growing before it population keeps on growing before it population keeps on growing before it becomes a dominant civilization in an becomes a dominant civilization in an becomes a dominant civilization in an era in in in an area. Okay, does that era in in in an area. Okay, does that era in in in an area. Okay, does that make sense? Britain is different and make sense? Britain is different and make sense? Britain is different and Europe is different. Why? Europe is different. Why? Europe is different. Why? Because there are no major rivers and Because there are no major rivers and Because there are no major rivers and therefore the therefore the therefore the population is constant. You never have a population is constant. You never have a population is constant. You never have a need to go conquer new territory. You need to go conquer new territory. You need to go conquer new territory. You just want to protect your your own just want to protect your your own just want to protect your your own territory. Okay? But because the territory. Okay? But because the territory. Okay? But because the population is so so uh diffused and population is so so uh diffused and population is so so uh diffused and limited, it allows for foreign conquest. Okay, which allows for credit conquest. Okay, which allows for credit destruction and that's the main factor destruction and that's the main factor destruction and that's the main factor driving innovation in driving innovation in driving innovation in Britain. Right? So that's the history of Britain. Right? So that's the history of Britain. Right? So that's the history of the British Empire. Any questions? the British Empire. Any questions? the British Empire. Any questions? Anything you guys are not clear about? Feel free to ask any questions, about? Feel free to ask any questions, okay? But like please make sure you guys okay? But like please make sure you guys okay? But like please make sure you guys understand the logic of this because understand the logic of this because understand the logic of this because we're going to build on this as we go we're going to build on this as we go we're going to build on this as we go further and further. uh in into the further and further. uh in into the further and further. uh in into the present. Okay. And remember this is present. Okay. And remember this is present. Okay. And remember this is being influenced by the Dutch who will being influenced by the Dutch who will being influenced by the Dutch who will now and then this these ideas will then now and then this these ideas will then now and then this these ideas will then go go on to influence America. Okay. So go go on to influence America. Okay. So go go on to influence America. Okay. So America basically just takes all the America basically just takes all the America basically just takes all the ideas of the British Empire for ideas of the British Empire for ideas of the British Empire for itself. All right. So it's really itself. All right. So it's really itself. All right. So it's really important you understand what's driving important you understand what's driving important you understand what's driving the British Empire. the British Empire. the British Empire. Just a small question. Sure. Okay. Um All right, guys. All right. So, Okay. Um All right, guys. All right. So, let's go into So, so question is, what's let's go into So, so question is, what's let's go into So, so question is, what's the difference between the Puritans and the difference between the Puritans and the difference between the Puritans and the pilgrims? Okay. Um let's go the pilgrims? Okay. Um let's go the pilgrims? Okay. Um let's go into the problem of into the problem of into the problem of religion in England at this time. Okay. religion in England at this time. Okay. religion in England at this time. Okay. So when you have a diversity, okay, when you have diversity diversity, okay, when you have diversity in England and so even though England is in England and so even though England is in England and so even though England is a small place as I keep on saying a lot a small place as I keep on saying a lot a small place as I keep on saying a lot of control is localized, okay, so if you of control is localized, okay, so if you of control is localized, okay, so if you cross from one village to the next, the cross from one village to the next, the cross from one village to the next, the culture can be very different, right? So culture can be very different, right? So culture can be very different, right? So this is a feudal system. So you have a this is a feudal system. So you have a this is a feudal system. So you have a lot of diversity. So this diversity is lot of diversity. So this diversity is lot of diversity. So this diversity is going to impact your religious going to impact your religious going to impact your religious outlook. Okay? So um what's going to outlook. Okay? So um what's going to outlook. Okay? So um what's going to happen is happen is happen is this. this. this. So England is So England is So England is Catholic and then the Henry VI is going Catholic and then the Henry VI is going Catholic and then the Henry VI is going to turn this into the church of England. But then what's going to happen is you But then what's going to happen is you will have new ideas basically Calvinism will have new ideas basically Calvinism will have new ideas basically Calvinism come in from Europe. Okay. Why is come in from Europe. Okay. Why is come in from Europe. Okay. Why is communism important? It's communism important? It's communism important? It's because England is the first to because England is the first to because England is the first to industrialize. It's the first to have a industrialize. It's the first to have a industrialize. It's the first to have a middle class. It's the first to have middle class. It's the first to have middle class. It's the first to have merchants. Merchants prefer merchants. Merchants prefer merchants. Merchants prefer Calvinism to Catholism. Right? In Calvinism to Catholism. Right? In Calvinism to Catholism. Right? In Catholic in the Catholic religion, you Catholic in the Catholic religion, you Catholic in the Catholic religion, you have to give all your money to the have to give all your money to the have to give all your money to the church. church. church. But in a communist religion, you have to But in a communist religion, you have to But in a communist religion, you have to keep your money for yourself, right? So keep your money for yourself, right? So keep your money for yourself, right? So communism is a much more popular communism is a much more popular communism is a much more popular religion in Britain than the Catholic religion in Britain than the Catholic religion in Britain than the Catholic religion in England as England begins to religion in England as England begins to religion in England as England begins to industrialize. And so the middle class industrialize. And so the middle class industrialize. And so the middle class is rising in is rising in is rising in power. Okay? And the problem is the response Okay? And the problem is the response the Church of England. Okay? Okay, the the Church of England. Okay? Okay, the the Church of England. Okay? Okay, the Church of England, it's not Catholic, Church of England, it's not Catholic, Church of England, it's not Catholic, but it's it's using a lot of Catholic but it's it's using a lot of Catholic but it's it's using a lot of Catholic principles. And the Calvinist, the thing principles. And the Calvinist, the thing principles. And the Calvinist, the thing about the Calvinist is they're fanatics, about the Calvinist is they're fanatics, about the Calvinist is they're fanatics, okay? They they believe everyone should okay? They they believe everyone should okay? They they believe everyone should be a Calvinist. Everyone should believe be a Calvinist. Everyone should believe be a Calvinist. Everyone should believe in hard work. Everyone should be like in hard work. Everyone should be like in hard work. Everyone should be like us, okay? And the Pope is evil. So the us, okay? And the Pope is evil. So the us, okay? And the Pope is evil. So the Calvinists are not very tolerant. So Calvinists are not very tolerant. So Calvinists are not very tolerant. So there are two major responses to the there are two major responses to the there are two major responses to the Church of England. Okay? There's the Church of England. Okay? There's the Church of England. Okay? There's the idea of reform and then it's the idea of reform and then it's the idea of dissolution. All right. So the idea of dissolution. All right. So the idea of dissolution. All right. So the idea of reform is look the church of England reform is look the church of England reform is look the church of England it's fine but there are certain things it's fine but there are certain things it's fine but there are certain things within the church of England which is within the church of England which is within the church of England which is too much like the Catholic Church. So we too much like the Catholic Church. So we too much like the Catholic Church. So we get if we get rid of these things we'll get if we get rid of these things we'll get if we get rid of these things we'll be good. be good. be good. Okay. So but within the reform movement Okay. So but within the reform movement Okay. So but within the reform movement you have different factions as as well. you have different factions as as well. you have different factions as as well. Okay. So there are some who want to Okay. So there are some who want to Okay. So there are some who want to replace the governance structure of the replace the governance structure of the replace the governance structure of the church of England because the church of church of England because the church of church of England because the church of England is controlled by the king and England is controlled by the king and England is controlled by the king and they believe no we should all be they believe no we should all be they believe no we should all be obedient to God not the king. So they obedient to God not the king. So they obedient to God not the king. So they they want to destroy the hierarchy the they want to destroy the hierarchy the they want to destroy the hierarchy the governance. There are some who want governance. There are some who want governance. There are some who want everyone to read the Bible. There are everyone to read the Bible. There are everyone to read the Bible. There are some who want to change the nature of some who want to change the nature of some who want to change the nature of the priesthood. Okay. So there different the priesthood. Okay. So there different the priesthood. Okay. So there different theories of change. Okay. And these theories of change. Okay. And these theories of change. Okay. And these group of people we call the Puritans. Okay. the Puritans. But then Puritans. Okay. the Puritans. But then you have a minority who are extremely you have a minority who are extremely you have a minority who are extremely violent and fanatical and they believe violent and fanatical and they believe violent and fanatical and they believe no let's just get rid of the Church of no let's just get rid of the Church of no let's just get rid of the Church of England period because there should be England period because there should be England period because there should be no earthly authority before God. Okay? no earthly authority before God. Okay? no earthly authority before God. Okay? These people we call separatists. Okay? And they will become separatists. Okay? And they will become the pilgrims because obviously the king the pilgrims because obviously the king the pilgrims because obviously the king pers will persecute these people. They pers will persecute these people. They pers will persecute these people. They will feel the king sees them as a threat will feel the king sees them as a threat will feel the king sees them as a threat and they will be persecuted. They'll be and they will be persecuted. They'll be and they will be persecuted. They'll be outlawed. A lot of them will be outlawed. A lot of them will be outlawed. A lot of them will be executed. So a lot of them will flee to executed. So a lot of them will flee to executed. So a lot of them will flee to America in order to practice their America in order to practice their America in order to practice their religion. Okay? In order to found a a religion. Okay? In order to found a a religion. Okay? In order to found a a new new new religion. All right? So the pilgrims are religion. All right? So the pilgrims are religion. All right? So the pilgrims are the ones who flee. The Puritans are the the ones who flee. The Puritans are the the ones who flee. The Puritans are the ones who will stay and eventually engage ones who will stay and eventually engage ones who will stay and eventually engage in the civil war and overall the king. in the civil war and overall the king. in the civil war and overall the king. But remember this, okay? While this is But remember this, okay? While this is But remember this, okay? While this is happening, while this is happening, and happening, while this is happening, and happening, while this is happening, and this is really important, there's also a this is really important, there's also a this is really important, there's also a counterreaction. Okay? So there are counterreaction. Okay? So there are counterreaction. Okay? So there are these these these Catholics who want to Catholics who want to Catholics who want to return England into the Catholic fold return England into the Catholic fold return England into the Catholic fold and there um so Scotland is is very and there um so Scotland is is very and there um so Scotland is is very Catholic. Okay. Um you also have um Catholic. Okay. Um you also have um Catholic. Okay. Um you also have um other people called the other people called the other people called the Armenians Armenians Armenians who want to maintain the Church of who want to maintain the Church of who want to maintain the Church of England as it is. Okay. So you have all England as it is. Okay. So you have all England as it is. Okay. So you have all these massive factions emerging and these massive factions emerging and these massive factions emerging and they're all in conflict over religion they're all in conflict over religion they're all in conflict over religion and religion is a proxy for um economic and religion is a proxy for um economic and religion is a proxy for um economic class as well. Okay. So it's obviously class as well. Okay. So it's obviously class as well. Okay. So it's obviously the middle class who support reform and the middle class who support reform and the middle class who support reform and there are a lot of nobles who um support there are a lot of nobles who um support there are a lot of nobles who um support the Catholic religion and the king is the Catholic religion and the king is the Catholic religion and the king is primarily um a sympathizer of the primarily um a sympathizer of the primarily um a sympathizer of the Catholic religion. All right. So during Catholic religion. All right. So during Catholic religion. All right. So during the glorious revolution they will make a the glorious revolution they will make a the glorious revolution they will make a stipulation that no king can ever be a stipulation that no king can ever be a stipulation that no king can ever be a Catholic. Okay? And that's a way to Catholic. Okay? And that's a way to Catholic. Okay? And that's a way to limit the power of the king because if limit the power of the king because if limit the power of the king because if you're a Catholic king you can draw on you're a Catholic king you can draw on you're a Catholic king you can draw on the French, the Vatican, the Spanish as the French, the Vatican, the Spanish as the French, the Vatican, the Spanish as allies in your suppression of the nobles allies in your suppression of the nobles allies in your suppression of the nobles and of the middle class of parliament. and of the middle class of parliament. and of the middle class of parliament. Okay. So there's there's a fear that the Okay. So there's there's a fear that the Okay. So there's there's a fear that the king will ally with um the Catholic in king will ally with um the Catholic in king will ally with um the Catholic in order in order to destroy the authority order in order to destroy the authority order in order to destroy the authority of parliament and so after glorious of parliament and so after glorious of parliament and so after glorious revolution a major reform is the king revolution a major reform is the king revolution a major reform is the king cannot be Catholic and in fact if you're cannot be Catholic and in fact if you're cannot be Catholic and in fact if you're here to the throne but if the parliament here to the throne but if the parliament here to the throne but if the parliament suspects you have Catholic sympathies suspects you have Catholic sympathies suspects you have Catholic sympathies they will replace you with someone else. they will replace you with someone else. they will replace you with someone else. Parliament has that power and and they Parliament has that power and and they Parliament has that power and and they did that actually um um dur during its did that actually um um dur during its did that actually um um dur during its history. Okay. So there's a deep fear of history. Okay. So there's a deep fear of history. Okay. So there's a deep fear of the Catholic religion within the um the Catholic religion within the um the Catholic religion within the um within um the among English people. within um the among English people. within um the among English people. Okay. But as you can see this is a very Okay. But as you can see this is a very Okay. But as you can see this is a very complicated process that will take about complicated process that will take about complicated process that will take about 200 years to fully play out. Okay. Does 200 years to fully play out. Okay. Does 200 years to fully play out. Okay. Does does that make sense? What's really does that make sense? What's really does that make sense? What's really important for us to remember is this important for us to remember is this important for us to remember is this conflict is being for the pilgrims is is conflict is being for the pilgrims is is conflict is being for the pilgrims is is now migrating to America and these now migrating to America and these now migrating to America and these people will make America into the most people will make America into the most people will make America into the most religious fanatical intolerant place on religious fanatical intolerant place on religious fanatical intolerant place on earth in certain places in America. earth in certain places in America. earth in certain places in America. Okay? And it's a tradition that still Okay? And it's a tradition that still Okay? And it's a tradition that still continues today. There are some certain continues today. There are some certain continues today. There are some certain parts of America that are extremely parts of America that are extremely parts of America that are extremely tolerant like New York City and Los tolerant like New York City and Los tolerant like New York City and Los Angeles. But hey, go to, I don't know, Angeles. But hey, go to, I don't know, Angeles. But hey, go to, I don't know, Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas. They're Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas. They're Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas. They're not very tolerant people. Okay? And you not very tolerant people. Okay? And you not very tolerant people. Okay? And you you can make the argument that they are you can make the argument that they are you can make the argument that they are the most fanatical people in the whole the most fanatical people in the whole the most fanatical people in the whole world. Much more so than the Jews, much world. Much more so than the Jews, much world. Much more so than the Jews, much more so than more so than more so than uh the uh the uh the Muslims. Muslims. Muslims. Okay. So, does that answer your Okay. So, does that answer your Okay. So, does that answer your question? Great. Any more questions? You know, that's a great question. Okay. You know, that's a great question. Okay. So, how much power does a king have? So, how much power does a king have? So, how much power does a king have? Okay. So, um the thing about the British Okay. So, um the thing about the British Okay. So, um the thing about the British is because it's a system based on is because it's a system based on is because it's a system based on tradition, there's a lot of flexibility tradition, there's a lot of flexibility tradition, there's a lot of flexibility built into the system. So, depending on built into the system. So, depending on built into the system. So, depending on the personality of the the personality of the the personality of the king, the king can have a lot of power. king, the king can have a lot of power. king, the king can have a lot of power. Okay? So for example, Henry VII was a Okay? So for example, Henry VII was a Okay? So for example, Henry VII was a very powerful king and considered one of very powerful king and considered one of very powerful king and considered one of the most powerful kings in the world. the most powerful kings in the world. the most powerful kings in the world. Why? First of all, because he was a huge Why? First of all, because he was a huge Why? First of all, because he was a huge guy. He was extremely charismatic. He guy. He was extremely charismatic. He guy. He was extremely charismatic. He was a huge guy that was very good at was a huge guy that was very good at was a huge guy that was very good at winning friends with the nobles. Okay? winning friends with the nobles. Okay? winning friends with the nobles. Okay? So he's very good at building So he's very good at building So he's very good at building alliances. Also he was in power for a alliances. Also he was in power for a alliances. Also he was in power for a long long time over 50 years. Okay? long long time over 50 years. Okay? long long time over 50 years. Okay? Okay. So he's able to slowly insert his Okay. So he's able to slowly insert his Okay. So he's able to slowly insert his um prodigies, his minions into positions um prodigies, his minions into positions um prodigies, his minions into positions of authority. Okay. And also uh he was of authority. Okay. And also uh he was of authority. Okay. And also uh he was also very popular because he took also very popular because he took also very popular because he took England away from the Catholic Church. England away from the Catholic Church. England away from the Catholic Church. Okay. So the power of the king it's not Okay. So the power of the king it's not Okay. So the power of the king it's not written down. It has to do and a lot of written down. It has to do and a lot of written down. It has to do and a lot of his power has to do with his his power has to do with his his power has to do with his personality, personality, personality, um his longevity, his alliances, his um his longevity, his alliances, his um his longevity, his alliances, his charisma. Okay? So there are a lot of charisma. Okay? So there are a lot of charisma. Okay? So there are a lot of different factors in place. And that's different factors in place. And that's different factors in place. And that's why the British think their constitution why the British think their constitution why the British think their constitution it's the most perfect in the world it's the most perfect in the world it's the most perfect in the world because it's not written down. So because it's not written down. So because it's not written down. So they're not actually constrained by they're not actually constrained by they're not actually constrained by words. It's but there's traditions that words. It's but there's traditions that words. It's but there's traditions that allow the constitution to be living. allow the constitution to be living. allow the constitution to be living. Okay? to be flexible and to be pertinent Okay? to be flexible and to be pertinent Okay? to be flexible and to be pertinent to the present. Okay. And and and and so to the present. Okay. And and and and so to the present. Okay. And and and and so the English are extremely proud of their the English are extremely proud of their the English are extremely proud of their constitution. Does that make sense? constitution. Does that make sense? constitution. Does that make sense? Okay. America learns from Okay. So um that's a great question. So Okay. So um that's a great question. So if these pilgrims went over to if these pilgrims went over to if these pilgrims went over to America, how was America able to become America, how was America able to become America, how was America able to become this multicultural empire? Right? this multicultural empire? Right? this multicultural empire? Right? because that goes against a lot of because that goes against a lot of because that goes against a lot of paratonical teachings and the answer paratonical teachings and the answer paratonical teachings and the answer which we'll discuss next week is which we'll discuss next week is which we'll discuss next week is America is a America is a America is a coalition of conflicts. Okay, it is it coalition of conflicts. Okay, it is it coalition of conflicts. Okay, it is it is a melting pot of is a melting pot of is a melting pot of differences. Okay, so what what I will differences. Okay, so what what I will differences. Okay, so what what I will teach you next Thursday when we do the teach you next Thursday when we do the teach you next Thursday when we do the American Revolution is there are two American Revolution is there are two American Revolution is there are two dominant strands in the founding of dominant strands in the founding of dominant strands in the founding of America. There's the pilgrim strand America. There's the pilgrim strand America. There's the pilgrim strand which is puritanical which is like let's which is puritanical which is like let's which is puritanical which is like let's create a theocracy but there's also a create a theocracy but there's also a create a theocracy but there's also a enlightenment enlightenment enlightenment strand where they believe that they're strand where they believe that they're strand where they believe that they're founding a new empire based on reason founding a new empire based on reason founding a new empire based on reason and so the religion we use for them is and so the religion we use for them is and so the religion we use for them is uh theism okay these are das and most of uh theism okay these are das and most of uh theism okay these are das and most of the founding fathers Thomas Jefferson the founding fathers Thomas Jefferson the founding fathers Thomas Jefferson Alexander Hamilton George Washington Alexander Hamilton George Washington Alexander Hamilton George Washington were theists they wanted to found a were theists they wanted to found a were theists they wanted to found a tolerant multicultural tolerant multicultural tolerant multicultural empire. Okay, so these are two dominant empire. Okay, so these are two dominant empire. Okay, so these are two dominant strands in America. And quite honestly, strands in America. And quite honestly, strands in America. And quite honestly, what's really important is if you want what's really important is if you want what's really important is if you want to understand what's happening in to understand what's happening in to understand what's happening in America today, Donald Trump, right? You America today, Donald Trump, right? You America today, Donald Trump, right? You need to understand that it's these two need to understand that it's these two need to understand that it's these two strands that have always been present in strands that have always been present in strands that have always been present in America that now come into conflict with America that now come into conflict with America that now come into conflict with each other. Okay? because you have on each other. Okay? because you have on each other. Okay? because you have on the left these multiculturists the left these multiculturists the left these multiculturists um like Barack Obama who believe that um like Barack Obama who believe that um like Barack Obama who believe that America is great because America America is great because America America is great because America welcomes immigrants and you have people welcomes immigrants and you have people welcomes immigrants and you have people like JD Vance and and there are lots of like JD Vance and and there are lots of like JD Vance and and there are lots of others as well who on on the others as well who on on the others as well who on on the conservative side who say no America is conservative side who say no America is conservative side who say no America is great because we are Christian okay great because we are Christian okay great because we are Christian okay because we have this tradition of because we have this tradition of because we have this tradition of Christianity that's what makes us great Christianity that's what makes us great Christianity that's what makes us great and right now we're losing our and right now we're losing our and right now we're losing our Christianity due to multiculturalism and Christianity due to multiculturalism and Christianity due to multiculturalism and therefore we must close our borders therefore we must close our borders therefore we must close our borders therefore or we we must reassert the therefore or we we must reassert the therefore or we we must reassert the Christian faith in our nation. Okay. So, Christian faith in our nation. Okay. So, Christian faith in our nation. Okay. So, so we will discuss this next Thursday so we will discuss this next Thursday so we will discuss this next Thursday when when we do America, but this will when when we do America, but this will when when we do America, but this will but but but as as this course but but but as as this course but but but as as this course progresses, I will show you how progresses, I will show you how progresses, I will show you how complicated America is and show you um complicated America is and show you um complicated America is and show you um that because of this conflict, America that because of this conflict, America that because of this conflict, America is probably is probably headed towards a is probably is probably headed towards a is probably is probably headed towards a civil war. Okay, if that makes sense to civil war. Okay, if that makes sense to civil war. Okay, if that makes sense to you. All right, great. Any more you. All right, great. Any more you. All right, great. Any more questions, questions, questions, guys? Okay, so um next class we'll do guys? Okay, so um next class we'll do guys? Okay, so um next class we'll do William Shakespeare and then after William Shakespeare and then after William Shakespeare and then after William Shakespeare we'll do the William Shakespeare we'll do the William Shakespeare we'll do the American Revolution. Okay.