Okay, good morning. Uh, today we are Okay, good morning. Uh, today we are doing the Russian Empire and to review, doing the Russian Empire and to review, doing the Russian Empire and to review, we've done America and Britain so far we've done America and Britain so far we've done America and Britain so far and we've discussed the civilization. and we've discussed the civilization. and we've discussed the civilization. Today we'll do Russia and then on Today we'll do Russia and then on Today we'll do Russia and then on Thursday we'll start Germany. Um, let's Thursday we'll start Germany. Um, let's Thursday we'll start Germany. Um, let's simplify the differences between these simplify the differences between these simplify the differences between these three great modern civilizations that three great modern civilizations that three great modern civilizations that are struggling for world domination even are struggling for world domination even are struggling for world domination even today. So as we discussed last week um today. So as we discussed last week um today. So as we discussed last week um the defining characteristics of the the defining characteristics of the the defining characteristics of the Anglo-American civilization is their Anglo-American civilization is their Anglo-American civilization is their belief in utilitarianism. Okay. They belief in utilitarianism. Okay. They belief in utilitarianism. Okay. They want they want to know what is want they want to know what is want they want to know what is practical, what practical, what practical, what works. Um their idea of Christianity is works. Um their idea of Christianity is works. Um their idea of Christianity is the supreme god is a force that elects. the supreme god is a force that elects. the supreme god is a force that elects. And what this means is that um not And what this means is that um not And what this means is that um not everyone will go to heaven. only a everyone will go to heaven. only a everyone will go to heaven. only a minority will go to heaven and this minority will go to heaven and this minority will go to heaven and this minority are those who have proven minority are those who have proven minority are those who have proven themselves the most worthy. Okay. The themselves the most worthy. Okay. The themselves the most worthy. Okay. The last idea of the Anglo-American last idea of the Anglo-American last idea of the Anglo-American civilization is that the meaning of life civilization is that the meaning of life civilization is that the meaning of life is the pursuit of life, liberty and is the pursuit of life, liberty and is the pursuit of life, liberty and happiness. Essentially the pursuit of happiness. Essentially the pursuit of happiness. Essentially the pursuit of wealth. Okay. So that these are the um wealth. Okay. So that these are the um wealth. Okay. So that these are the um characteristics of the Anglo-American characteristics of the Anglo-American characteristics of the Anglo-American civilization. Um on Thursday we will civilization. Um on Thursday we will civilization. Um on Thursday we will start the German German civilization and start the German German civilization and start the German German civilization and what you will um see is that the Germans what you will um see is that the Germans what you will um see is that the Germans are very different. Um they are not are very different. Um they are not are very different. Um they are not utilitarians they are very idealistic utilitarians they are very idealistic utilitarians they are very idealistic very very very romantic. Um for them God is a force romantic. Um for them God is a force romantic. Um for them God is a force that demands you to be your very that demands you to be your very that demands you to be your very best. Okay not a few people but best. Okay not a few people but best. Okay not a few people but everyone. And the Germans believe in the everyone. And the Germans believe in the everyone. And the Germans believe in the unity of will. Okay. everyone has to unity of will. Okay. everyone has to unity of will. Okay. everyone has to work together and promote German work together and promote German work together and promote German civilization. Today we do the Russians, civilization. Today we do the Russians, civilization. Today we do the Russians, okay? And the Russians are a very okay? And the Russians are a very okay? And the Russians are a very different civilization. Uh first of all, different civilization. Uh first of all, different civilization. Uh first of all, they're much more fatalistic than the they're much more fatalistic than the they're much more fatalistic than the Germans and the Americans. They don't Germans and the Americans. They don't Germans and the Americans. They don't believe that you have control over your believe that you have control over your believe that you have control over your life. They believe that you can only life. They believe that you can only life. They believe that you can only accept what is given to you and make the accept what is given to you and make the accept what is given to you and make the most out of it. Um for them, God is a most out of it. Um for them, God is a most out of it. Um for them, God is a force that redeems and saves all. God is force that redeems and saves all. God is force that redeems and saves all. God is merciful. God is forgiving. Okay, this merciful. God is forgiving. Okay, this merciful. God is forgiving. Okay, this is a very different conception from both is a very different conception from both is a very different conception from both the German and the Anglo-American the German and the Anglo-American the German and the Anglo-American conception. The last concept that we conception. The last concept that we conception. The last concept that we will look at today is for them the um will look at today is for them the um will look at today is for them the um essence of life is to understand the essence of life is to understand the essence of life is to understand the mystery, miracle and authority of the mystery, miracle and authority of the mystery, miracle and authority of the human heart. Okay. So whereas the human heart. Okay. So whereas the human heart. Okay. So whereas the Americans and British place an emphasis Americans and British place an emphasis Americans and British place an emphasis on science on mastering the world um uh on science on mastering the world um uh on science on mastering the world um uh the material world and whereas the the material world and whereas the the material world and whereas the Germans are extremely idealistic they Germans are extremely idealistic they Germans are extremely idealistic they want an understanding of existence. The want an understanding of existence. The want an understanding of existence. The Russians are focused very much on the Russians are focused very much on the Russians are focused very much on the human heart. Okay. For the Russians the human heart. Okay. For the Russians the human heart. Okay. For the Russians the greatest mystery um the most knowledge greatest mystery um the most knowledge greatest mystery um the most knowledge is within the human heart. And this is is within the human heart. And this is is within the human heart. And this is what we will focus on uh today. Okay. So, um the leading question for Okay. So, um the leading question for today's class, the question that I'm today's class, the question that I'm today's class, the question that I'm sure you're all interested in is why did sure you're all interested in is why did sure you're all interested in is why did Putin invade Ukraine? What is driving Putin invade Ukraine? What is driving Putin invade Ukraine? What is driving the Russian invasion of Ukraine? And um the Russian invasion of Ukraine? And um the Russian invasion of Ukraine? And um there are lots of easy explanations. there are lots of easy explanations. there are lots of easy explanations. What I will show you today is the answer What I will show you today is the answer What I will show you today is the answer is actually extremely complicated. What is actually extremely complicated. What is actually extremely complicated. What Putin himself has said in multiple Putin himself has said in multiple Putin himself has said in multiple interviews is there are historical interviews is there are historical interviews is there are historical um sociological philosophical issues at um sociological philosophical issues at um sociological philosophical issues at work here and westerners don't really work here and westerners don't really work here and westerners don't really understand what he's saying. Okay. So understand what he's saying. Okay. So understand what he's saying. Okay. So what I'm going to do today is I'm going what I'm going to do today is I'm going what I'm going to do today is I'm going to explain to you what he really to explain to you what he really to explain to you what he really means. Okay. So um if you look at the means. Okay. So um if you look at the means. Okay. So um if you look at the year 1300 year 1300 year 1300 um you could not expect Moscow to um you could not expect Moscow to um you could not expect Moscow to eventually become the Russian Empire. At eventually become the Russian Empire. At eventually become the Russian Empire. At this point in history the Mongols have this point in history the Mongols have this point in history the Mongols have controlled most of the world and Moscow controlled most of the world and Moscow controlled most of the world and Moscow along with other areas um in the um along with other areas um in the um along with other areas um in the um empire there are vassal states. Okay empire there are vassal states. Okay empire there are vassal states. Okay they pay taxes they pay tribute they they pay taxes they pay tribute they they pay taxes they pay tribute they provide troops to the Mongol Empire. But provide troops to the Mongol Empire. But provide troops to the Mongol Empire. But it's the Empire that is the um it's the Empire that is the um it's the Empire that is the um great power at this great power at this great power at this stage. So but so why but if you look at stage. So but so why but if you look at stage. So but so why but if you look at history okay you will see a very similar history okay you will see a very similar history okay you will see a very similar pattern where it's not really the pattern where it's not really the pattern where it's not really the greatest power that will eventually uh greatest power that will eventually uh greatest power that will eventually uh overwhelm everyone. It's always the overwhelm everyone. It's always the overwhelm everyone. It's always the marginal power. Okay. So going back to marginal power. Okay. So going back to marginal power. Okay. So going back to and reviewing what we've learned so far, and reviewing what we've learned so far, and reviewing what we've learned so far, remember when we discussed the Aztecs, remember when we discussed the Aztecs, remember when we discussed the Aztecs, the Aztecs were very much a poor the Aztecs were very much a poor the Aztecs were very much a poor isolated isolated isolated um backward people. Um but eventually um backward people. Um but eventually um backward people. Um but eventually through innovation, through tenacity, through innovation, through tenacity, through innovation, through tenacity, for resilience, they will come to for resilience, they will come to for resilience, they will come to conquer most of Central America. Same conquer most of Central America. Same conquer most of Central America. Same thing with theQing dynasty in China. thing with theQing dynasty in China. thing with theQing dynasty in China. Right at this stage in history, maybe Right at this stage in history, maybe Right at this stage in history, maybe 300, 400 B.CE, C, you would not expect 300, 400 B.CE, C, you would not expect 300, 400 B.CE, C, you would not expect theQing Empire, uh, theQing dynasty to theQing Empire, uh, theQing dynasty to theQing Empire, uh, theQing dynasty to overwhelm all of China and become overwhelm all of China and become overwhelm all of China and become China's first great national empire. China's first great national empire. China's first great national empire. Maybe the Chu, maybe the way Chi, Maybe the Chu, maybe the way Chi, Maybe the Chu, maybe the way Chi, they're all stronger at this point in they're all stronger at this point in they're all stronger at this point in history, but it's the marginal uh power history, but it's the marginal uh power history, but it's the marginal uh power that seems weak at first that will that seems weak at first that will that seems weak at first that will overwhelm. Same thing with Macedon. overwhelm. Same thing with Macedon. overwhelm. Same thing with Macedon. Okay. At this point in history in the Okay. At this point in history in the Okay. At this point in history in the year uh 400 300 BCE it's Athens, Sparta year uh 400 300 BCE it's Athens, Sparta year uh 400 300 BCE it's Athens, Sparta uh thieves that are powers but uh thieves that are powers but uh thieves that are powers but eventually Macon will not only over will eventually Macon will not only over will eventually Macon will not only over will not only overwhelm the great peninsula not only overwhelm the great peninsula not only overwhelm the great peninsula but they will go over to Persia and but they will go over to Persia and but they will go over to Persia and conquer the Persian Empire as well. Same conquer the Persian Empire as well. Same conquer the Persian Empire as well. Same thing with Rome. Rome um at this point thing with Rome. Rome um at this point thing with Rome. Rome um at this point in history maybe 500 B.CE it is the in history maybe 500 B.CE it is the in history maybe 500 B.CE it is the weakest of all these Italian states. Um weakest of all these Italian states. Um weakest of all these Italian states. Um the uh itricians are the main power and the uh itricians are the main power and the uh itricians are the main power and they are the poorest, the weakest, the they are the poorest, the weakest, the they are the poorest, the weakest, the smallest of all these great tribes but smallest of all these great tribes but smallest of all these great tribes but eventually over uh the next centuries eventually over uh the next centuries eventually over uh the next centuries they will conquer everyone. Same thing they will conquer everyone. Same thing they will conquer everyone. Same thing with the Franks. Um after the Roman with the Franks. Um after the Roman with the Franks. Um after the Roman Empire, the Franks will slowly expand Empire, the Franks will slowly expand Empire, the Franks will slowly expand from central Europe and overwhelm uh from central Europe and overwhelm uh from central Europe and overwhelm uh most of Europe to create the Holy Roman most of Europe to create the Holy Roman most of Europe to create the Holy Roman Empire. Okay? And the same thing with Empire. Okay? And the same thing with Empire. Okay? And the same thing with the Prussians. Uh next class we'll the Prussians. Uh next class we'll the Prussians. Uh next class we'll discuss the Prussian Empire which discuss the Prussian Empire which discuss the Prussian Empire which becomes modern day Germany. They start becomes modern day Germany. They start becomes modern day Germany. They start off as this landlocked off as this landlocked off as this landlocked um um isolated central area within um um isolated central area within um um isolated central area within uh Europe but eventually they will uh Europe but eventually they will uh Europe but eventually they will spread out to conquer all of spread out to conquer all of spread out to conquer all of uh Germany. Okay. So the lessons we can uh Germany. Okay. So the lessons we can uh Germany. Okay. So the lessons we can learn from uh these case studies is learn from uh these case studies is learn from uh these case studies is there are three forces that drive these there are three forces that drive these there are three forces that drive these marginalized powers to become the great marginalized powers to become the great marginalized powers to become the great power of the day. Okay. So for Moscow power of the day. Okay. So for Moscow power of the day. Okay. So for Moscow it's a pro constant process of creative it's a pro constant process of creative it's a pro constant process of creative destruction. First of all open destruction. First of all open destruction. First of all open cooperative competition. So they're cooperative competition. So they're cooperative competition. So they're always surrounded by these adversaries always surrounded by these adversaries always surrounded by these adversaries and because they don't really lack and and because they don't really lack and and because they don't really lack and because they don't have natural because they don't have natural because they don't have natural defenses, they don't have mountains, defenses, they don't have mountains, defenses, they don't have mountains, rivers, um it forces them to be tough rivers, um it forces them to be tough rivers, um it forces them to be tough and unified in order to feed their and unified in order to feed their and unified in order to feed their enemies. And it's toughness and unity enemies. And it's toughness and unity enemies. And it's toughness and unity that will allow Moscow to emerge as a that will allow Moscow to emerge as a that will allow Moscow to emerge as a great power um in Central Asia. great power um in Central Asia. great power um in Central Asia. Advantage by disadvantages. Okay, you're Advantage by disadvantages. Okay, you're Advantage by disadvantages. Okay, you're better off being weak because if you're better off being weak because if you're better off being weak because if you're weak, it forces you to be innovative and weak, it forces you to be innovative and weak, it forces you to be innovative and open. Okay, so they say um necessity is open. Okay, so they say um necessity is open. Okay, so they say um necessity is the mother of invention. The last factor the mother of invention. The last factor the mother of invention. The last factor is vaselage. Okay, so the idea that is vaselage. Okay, so the idea that is vaselage. Okay, so the idea that historical humiliation and subjection historical humiliation and subjection historical humiliation and subjection force reflection and resilience because force reflection and resilience because force reflection and resilience because Moscow for the longest time was Moscow for the longest time was Moscow for the longest time was subjected um to vassels by the Mongols. subjected um to vassels by the Mongols. subjected um to vassels by the Mongols. It forced them to be humble and humility It forced them to be humble and humility It forced them to be humble and humility allows you to reflect deeply on your own allows you to reflect deeply on your own allows you to reflect deeply on your own weaknesses to be honest with yourself weaknesses to be honest with yourself weaknesses to be honest with yourself and eventually triumph over all your and eventually triumph over all your and eventually triumph over all your adversaries. Okay, so these are the adversaries. Okay, so these are the adversaries. Okay, so these are the three factors that will drive the three factors that will drive the three factors that will drive the massive expansion of Moscow. Okay, massive expansion of Moscow. Okay, massive expansion of Moscow. Okay, Moscow starts off as this very small Moscow starts off as this very small Moscow starts off as this very small principality within the Mongol Empire principality within the Mongol Empire principality within the Mongol Empire and then it will eventually become the and then it will eventually become the and then it will eventually become the successor to the Mongol successor to the Mongol successor to the Mongol Empire. All right. Um so let's look at Empire. All right. Um so let's look at Empire. All right. Um so let's look at the origins of the uh of Russia. So the the origins of the uh of Russia. So the the origins of the uh of Russia. So the history is we have to go back to the history is we have to go back to the history is we have to go back to the Viking age, right? This this is about Viking age, right? This this is about Viking age, right? This this is about the year the year the year 900,000, right? So the Vikings are in uh 900,000, right? So the Vikings are in uh 900,000, right? So the Vikings are in uh Sweden and Denmark and Norway. And Sweden and Denmark and Norway. And Sweden and Denmark and Norway. And because it's so poor and because it's because it's so poor and because it's because it's so poor and because it's becoming overly populated um they will becoming overly populated um they will becoming overly populated um they will start to expand over to England to start to expand over to England to start to expand over to England to Greenland to other areas and then sorry Greenland to other areas and then sorry Greenland to other areas and then sorry can you open the door and then they will can you open the door and then they will can you open the door and then they will also move east. Okay. Why are they also move east. Okay. Why are they also move east. Okay. Why are they moving east? because all the great moving east? because all the great moving east? because all the great wealth of of the age is located in the wealth of of the age is located in the wealth of of the age is located in the Bison Empire in Egypt and as well as the Bison Empire in Egypt and as well as the Bison Empire in Egypt and as well as the Abbisid Empire um in Iraq and Persia. Abbisid Empire um in Iraq and Persia. Abbisid Empire um in Iraq and Persia. Okay. So they're they they're here to Okay. So they're they they're here to Okay. So they're they they're here to establish trading post and when they establish trading post and when they establish trading post and when they establish trading poles what will happen establish trading poles what will happen establish trading poles what will happen is that first of all they will intermar is that first of all they will intermar is that first of all they will intermar with the local Slavic population as well with the local Slavic population as well with the local Slavic population as well as the um steps people. Okay. They will as the um steps people. Okay. They will as the um steps people. Okay. They will also build an alliance with the also build an alliance with the also build an alliance with the Bisantine Empire and become basically Bisantine Empire and become basically Bisantine Empire and become basically vassels to the Bisantines. All vassels to the Bisantines. All vassels to the Bisantines. All right. right. right. Um what will happen is over time their Um what will happen is over time their Um what will happen is over time their trading posts will become cities and trading posts will become cities and trading posts will become cities and they will expand outwards. So the they will expand outwards. So the they will expand outwards. So the tradition the custom at at this stage in tradition the custom at at this stage in tradition the custom at at this stage in history is if you're noble history is if you're noble history is if you're noble um you must go and conquer new lands. um you must go and conquer new lands. um you must go and conquer new lands. When you conquer new lands, you can When you conquer new lands, you can When you conquer new lands, you can enslave the people to work for you. enslave the people to work for you. enslave the people to work for you. Okay, this is a very feudal system. Okay, this is a very feudal system. Okay, this is a very feudal system. Okay, so this forces a process of Okay, so this forces a process of Okay, so this forces a process of constant expansion. If they don't constant expansion. If they don't constant expansion. If they don't expand, they only fight amongst expand, they only fight amongst expand, they only fight amongst themselves. So the Kian ruse expands themselves. So the Kian ruse expands themselves. So the Kian ruse expands very quickly throughout this uh area. Um very quickly throughout this uh area. Um very quickly throughout this uh area. Um eventually they'll all be conquered by eventually they'll all be conquered by eventually they'll all be conquered by the Mongols and when the Mongols leave the Mongols and when the Mongols leave the Mongols and when the Mongols leave it leaves a vacuum of great powers. it leaves a vacuum of great powers. it leaves a vacuum of great powers. Okay. So the great power of this age is Okay. So the great power of this age is Okay. So the great power of this age is the grand ducky of Lutherania. Okay. Um the grand ducky of Lutherania. Okay. Um the grand ducky of Lutherania. Okay. Um Novagrad is also great power. Moscow is Novagrad is also great power. Moscow is Novagrad is also great power. Moscow is the weakest. But again as I said over the weakest. But again as I said over the weakest. But again as I said over time because it is weak it's forced to time because it is weak it's forced to time because it is weak it's forced to be united. It's forced to be resilient. be united. It's forced to be resilient. be united. It's forced to be resilient. It's forced to be innovative. And over It's forced to be innovative. And over It's forced to be innovative. And over time what it will do is it will time what it will do is it will time what it will do is it will overwhelm uh Novagrad and become the overwhelm uh Novagrad and become the overwhelm uh Novagrad and become the Russian Empire. Okay. And as you can Russian Empire. Okay. And as you can Russian Empire. Okay. And as you can see, what will happen is the Russian see, what will happen is the Russian see, what will happen is the Russian Empire will expand really quickly until Empire will expand really quickly until Empire will expand really quickly until it absorbs the entire uh Mongol Empire it absorbs the entire uh Mongol Empire it absorbs the entire uh Mongol Empire as well as unify all of um northern as well as unify all of um northern as well as unify all of um northern Asia. Okay, it is now the largest Asia. Okay, it is now the largest Asia. Okay, it is now the largest landmass in the landmass in the landmass in the world. Okay. Um so um the thing to world. Okay. Um so um the thing to world. Okay. Um so um the thing to understand about the Russians is that understand about the Russians is that understand about the Russians is that even though it's a very uh large even though it's a very uh large even though it's a very uh large country, most of it is not able to be country, most of it is not able to be country, most of it is not able to be cultivated. Okay? So it has very uh low cultivated. Okay? So it has very uh low cultivated. Okay? So it has very uh low population. Most of the wealth is population. Most of the wealth is population. Most of the wealth is located in the in over here. Okay? This located in the in over here. Okay? This located in the in over here. Okay? This is basically Ukraine. This is what's is basically Ukraine. This is what's is basically Ukraine. This is what's driving the invasion because driving the invasion because driving the invasion because historically most of the wealth uh in historically most of the wealth uh in historically most of the wealth uh in Russia has been located in the Ukraine Russia has been located in the Ukraine Russia has been located in the Ukraine area. And if you go over here, it's area. And if you go over here, it's area. And if you go over here, it's basically just forest and mountains. So basically just forest and mountains. So basically just forest and mountains. So why are they moving why are they moving why are they moving uh eastwards when there's very little uh eastwards when there's very little uh eastwards when there's very little resources here? The answer is fur. Okay, resources here? The answer is fur. Okay, resources here? The answer is fur. Okay, fur. Uh fur is very valuable commodity. fur. Uh fur is very valuable commodity. fur. Uh fur is very valuable commodity. They go and they um they trade fur for a They go and they um they trade fur for a They go and they um they trade fur for a living. Okay. Um some of the great sars living. Okay. Um some of the great sars living. Okay. Um some of the great sars of Russian history is Ivan the great and of Russian history is Ivan the great and of Russian history is Ivan the great and his son is Ivan the Terrible who will his son is Ivan the Terrible who will his son is Ivan the Terrible who will expand Russia uh greatly. Okay. Um the expand Russia uh greatly. Okay. Um the expand Russia uh greatly. Okay. Um the thing to understand about Russian thing to understand about Russian thing to understand about Russian expansion is it's really not driven by expansion is it's really not driven by expansion is it's really not driven by state policy. It's really driven by state policy. It's really driven by state policy. It's really driven by oppression and misery. And what this oppression and misery. And what this oppression and misery. And what this means is that because Russia is means is that because Russia is means is that because Russia is essentially a feudal state, the only way essentially a feudal state, the only way essentially a feudal state, the only way to build a better life is if you escape to build a better life is if you escape to build a better life is if you escape eastwards and you basically eth eastwards and you basically eth eastwards and you basically eth ethnically cleans that area and build a ethnically cleans that area and build a ethnically cleans that area and build a new settlement. Okay? So that's what's new settlement. Okay? So that's what's new settlement. Okay? So that's what's driving this. And what will happen is as driving this. And what will happen is as driving this. And what will happen is as these people move further eastwards, the these people move further eastwards, the these people move further eastwards, the state will follow them in order to state will follow them in order to state will follow them in order to collect taxes. Okay? And sometimes the collect taxes. Okay? And sometimes the collect taxes. Okay? And sometimes the state will inter intervene in order to state will inter intervene in order to state will inter intervene in order to protect these people from u their protect these people from u their protect these people from u their adversaries in the local areas. But it's adversaries in the local areas. But it's adversaries in the local areas. But it's a very brutal process that takes a very brutal process that takes a very brutal process that takes centuries. And the Russians win out centuries. And the Russians win out centuries. And the Russians win out because uh there's more of them and also because uh there's more of them and also because uh there's more of them and also because they have musketss and the local because they have musketss and the local because they have musketss and the local people do not have musketss. Okay. So as you can see the musketss. Okay. So as you can see the expansion is very rapid only applies expansion is very rapid only applies expansion is very rapid only applies about 300 years. about 300 years. about 300 years. Um and as I mentioned it is an extremely Um and as I mentioned it is an extremely Um and as I mentioned it is an extremely brutal process. Okay. So these are brutal process. Okay. So these are brutal process. Okay. So these are paintings of paintings of paintings of uh the brutality involved in this uh the brutality involved in this uh the brutality involved in this eastward expansion. It involves ethnic eastward expansion. It involves ethnic eastward expansion. It involves ethnic cleansing. It involves enslaving people. Okay. Yeah. It's a brutal process and Okay. Yeah. It's a brutal process and these paintings are meant to capture the these paintings are meant to capture the these paintings are meant to capture the brutality of the brutality of the brutality of the process and you can see the misery process and you can see the misery process and you can see the misery involved. Okay, so these people who are involved. Okay, so these people who are involved. Okay, so these people who are being conquered, they're either being being conquered, they're either being being conquered, they're either being ethnically cleansed or they're being ethnically cleansed or they're being ethnically cleansed or they're being forced to immigrate or they're being enslaved. Um it's a very similar process enslaved. Um it's a very similar process with the Americans. with the Americans. with the Americans. Um and these will eventually come become Um and these will eventually come become Um and these will eventually come become the two great empires the two great empires the two great empires um of the 20th century as well as really um of the 20th century as well as really um of the 20th century as well as really the 21st century. Okay. So the Americans the 21st century. Okay. So the Americans the 21st century. Okay. So the Americans have the same situation where they're have the same situation where they're have the same situation where they're expanding westwards and the Russians are expanding westwards and the Russians are expanding westwards and the Russians are expanding eastwards. The difference is expanding eastwards. The difference is expanding eastwards. The difference is this. The Americans are expanding this. The Americans are expanding this. The Americans are expanding westwards for better opportunities. westwards for better opportunities. westwards for better opportunities. Okay. To build up to to get wealthy to Okay. To build up to to get wealthy to Okay. To build up to to get wealthy to build a better life. The Russians are build a better life. The Russians are build a better life. The Russians are expanding eastwards because they are expanding eastwards because they are expanding eastwards because they are trying to escape misery and oppression trying to escape misery and oppression trying to escape misery and oppression and slavery. Okay? That's a difference. and slavery. Okay? That's a difference. and slavery. Okay? That's a difference. And because of this difference, even And because of this difference, even And because of this difference, even though there there have many though there there have many though there there have many similarities, the similarities, the similarities, the fundamental belief systems of these two fundamental belief systems of these two fundamental belief systems of these two nations are very different. Americans nations are very different. Americans nations are very different. Americans are fundamentally are fundamentally are fundamentally optimistic. Russians are fundamentally optimistic. Russians are fundamentally optimistic. Russians are fundamentally fatalistic, pessimistic. fatalistic, pessimistic. fatalistic, pessimistic. Okay. All right. Um, so let's summarize Okay. All right. Um, so let's summarize Okay. All right. Um, so let's summarize the differences between the Slavic East, the differences between the Slavic East, the differences between the Slavic East, the Russian East, and the Germanic West. the Russian East, and the Germanic West. the Russian East, and the Germanic West. Okay. Uh, Slavic gives us the word Okay. Uh, Slavic gives us the word Okay. Uh, Slavic gives us the word slave. Why? Because for the longest slave. Why? Because for the longest slave. Why? Because for the longest time, the Slavs in Europe, in Eastern time, the Slavs in Europe, in Eastern time, the Slavs in Europe, in Eastern Europe, they were pagans. They weren't Europe, they were pagans. They weren't Europe, they were pagans. They weren't Muslims. They weren't Christians. And Muslims. They weren't Christians. And Muslims. They weren't Christians. And the custom at that time is you can only the custom at that time is you can only the custom at that time is you can only enslave people who are not of your enslave people who are not of your enslave people who are not of your religious belief. Okay? So, the pagans religious belief. Okay? So, the pagans religious belief. Okay? So, the pagans were the most valuable people because were the most valuable people because were the most valuable people because they can be they can be be enslaved by they can be they can be be enslaved by they can be they can be be enslaved by everyone. So Vikings came uh the Muslims everyone. So Vikings came uh the Muslims everyone. So Vikings came uh the Muslims came the Christians came to enslave the came the Christians came to enslave the came the Christians came to enslave the Slavic people and sell them off to the Slavic people and sell them off to the Slavic people and sell them off to the Bisantines the bassetss Bisantines the bassetss Bisantines the bassetss um and that's why we get the word slave. um and that's why we get the word slave. um and that's why we get the word slave. Okay so let's look at the three major Okay so let's look at the three major Okay so let's look at the three major differences between Russia and Germany. differences between Russia and Germany. differences between Russia and Germany. The first major difference is that the The first major difference is that the The first major difference is that the Russians believe they are here to the Russians believe they are here to the Russians believe they are here to the Bison Empire which is a very top-down Bison Empire which is a very top-down Bison Empire which is a very top-down centralized bureaucracy and this is centralized bureaucracy and this is centralized bureaucracy and this is something we discussed uh before the something we discussed uh before the something we discussed uh before the Germans uh believe they are here to the Germans uh believe they are here to the Germans uh believe they are here to the Holy Roman Empire which is a Holy Roman Empire which is a Holy Roman Empire which is a confederation. Okay, as we discussed confederation. Okay, as we discussed confederation. Okay, as we discussed when we discussed the Holy Roman Empire, when we discussed the Holy Roman Empire, when we discussed the Holy Roman Empire, it was impossible for anyone to conquer it was impossible for anyone to conquer it was impossible for anyone to conquer all of Europe. And so um the Holy Roman all of Europe. And so um the Holy Roman all of Europe. And so um the Holy Roman Empire was based on consensus. It was Empire was based on consensus. It was Empire was based on consensus. It was based on diplomacy. Okay. It was based based on diplomacy. Okay. It was based based on diplomacy. Okay. It was based on intermarriage. So this is a much more on intermarriage. So this is a much more on intermarriage. So this is a much more democratic much more uh independent democratic much more uh independent democratic much more uh independent system than the bisonantines. Second system than the bisonantines. Second system than the bisonantines. Second major difference is the Germans have the major difference is the Germans have the major difference is the Germans have the Catholic Church. The Russians have Catholic Church. The Russians have Catholic Church. The Russians have something called the Eastern Orthodox something called the Eastern Orthodox something called the Eastern Orthodox Church. This sounds similar but what I Church. This sounds similar but what I Church. This sounds similar but what I will show you as we move on is it's will show you as we move on is it's will show you as we move on is it's actually night and day. Okay. These two actually night and day. Okay. These two actually night and day. Okay. These two belief systems are extremely different. belief systems are extremely different. belief systems are extremely different. Third major difference is um Germanic Third major difference is um Germanic Third major difference is um Germanic west the Germans they are culturally west the Germans they are culturally west the Germans they are culturally coherent. They believe they speak the coherent. They believe they speak the coherent. They believe they speak the same language. They believe that they same language. They believe that they same language. They believe that they come from the same culture. Whereas the come from the same culture. Whereas the come from the same culture. Whereas the Russian Empire it is culturally Russian Empire it is culturally Russian Empire it is culturally incoherent. Okay. It uh encompasses a incoherent. Okay. It uh encompasses a incoherent. Okay. It uh encompasses a vast array of different cultures, vast array of different cultures, vast array of different cultures, languages languages languages uh and belief systems. All uh and belief systems. All uh and belief systems. All right. Okay. So the Russian Empire right. Okay. So the Russian Empire right. Okay. So the Russian Empire starts with Peter the Great. And what starts with Peter the Great. And what starts with Peter the Great. And what Peter the Great does is he modernizes Peter the Great does is he modernizes Peter the Great does is he modernizes Russia and forces a decisive war with Russia and forces a decisive war with Russia and forces a decisive war with Sweden, which is at Europe right now, Sweden, which is at Europe right now, Sweden, which is at Europe right now, the great military power. Okay? So for the great military power. Okay? So for the great military power. Okay? So for most of Russian history, the European most of Russian history, the European most of Russian history, the European powers didn't really take Russia powers didn't really take Russia powers didn't really take Russia seriously. And they just thought that seriously. And they just thought that seriously. And they just thought that the Russians are part of Asia. They're the Russians are part of Asia. They're the Russians are part of Asia. They're really not part of Europe. And it was really not part of Europe. And it was really not part of Europe. And it was Peter the Great who's determined to Peter the Great who's determined to Peter the Great who's determined to westernize Europeanize Russia and prove westernize Europeanize Russia and prove westernize Europeanize Russia and prove Russia a European power. Okay. And he Russia a European power. Okay. And he Russia a European power. Okay. And he does that does that does that um for three reasons. All right. Let's um for three reasons. All right. Let's um for three reasons. All right. Let's Oh, sorry. Sorry. For many reasons. Oh, sorry. Sorry. For many reasons. Oh, sorry. Sorry. For many reasons. Okay. He does it because Russia right Okay. He does it because Russia right Okay. He does it because Russia right now is an empire and as an empire you now is an empire and as an empire you now is an empire and as an empire you need a unifying ideology, a philosophy. need a unifying ideology, a philosophy. need a unifying ideology, a philosophy. And for the Russians for the longest And for the Russians for the longest And for the Russians for the longest time even Putin shares this philosophy time even Putin shares this philosophy time even Putin shares this philosophy is they believe they are trying to is they believe they are trying to is they believe they are trying to restore the biscan empire and be the restore the biscan empire and be the restore the biscan empire and be the third Rome and save civilization. Okay. third Rome and save civilization. Okay. third Rome and save civilization. Okay. So so what do I mean by this? All right. So so what do I mean by this? All right. So so what do I mean by this? All right. So the first Rome of course was Rome. So the first Rome of course was Rome. So the first Rome of course was Rome. Second Rome was Carenapole. The third Second Rome was Carenapole. The third Second Rome was Carenapole. The third Rome now is Moscow. And not only that Rome now is Moscow. And not only that Rome now is Moscow. And not only that but they believe they are the true but they believe they are the true but they believe they are the true heroes to the Christian tradition. All heroes to the Christian tradition. All heroes to the Christian tradition. All these other Christian religions out these other Christian religions out these other Christian religions out there Catholic, Protestant, they are there Catholic, Protestant, they are there Catholic, Protestant, they are corrupt forms. It's the Orthodox Church corrupt forms. It's the Orthodox Church corrupt forms. It's the Orthodox Church that is the true here to the Roman uh that is the true here to the Roman uh that is the true here to the Roman uh Christianity. All right. Um quest for Christianity. All right. Um quest for Christianity. All right. Um quest for military supremacy means that right now military supremacy means that right now military supremacy means that right now at this stage in history all the great at this stage in history all the great at this stage in history all the great um militaries are in Europe. Okay. um militaries are in Europe. Okay. um militaries are in Europe. Okay. So eur Russia basically needs to copy So eur Russia basically needs to copy So eur Russia basically needs to copy imitate uh the Europeans. So what so imitate uh the Europeans. So what so imitate uh the Europeans. So what so what Russia does is it imports a lot what Russia does is it imports a lot what Russia does is it imports a lot actually German soldiers and mercenaries actually German soldiers and mercenaries actually German soldiers and mercenaries to learn German military technique quest to learn German military technique quest to learn German military technique quest for absolute power means that all these for absolute power means that all these for absolute power means that all these SARS Peter the great captain the great SARS Peter the great captain the great SARS Peter the great captain the great they're in they're interested in they're in they're interested in they're in they're interested in centralizing authority they want to centralizing authority they want to centralizing authority they want to remove this feudal system and remove this feudal system and remove this feudal system and centralized power and all in their hands centralized power and all in their hands centralized power and all in their hands okay delusion of authority of church and okay delusion of authority of church and okay delusion of authority of church and nobility so uh in Europe the Catholic nobility so uh in Europe the Catholic nobility so uh in Europe the Catholic church is above the kings okay so Peter church is above the kings okay so Peter church is above the kings okay so Peter the great wants to subject the church to the great wants to subject the church to the great wants to subject the church to his authority as well as the nobility. his authority as well as the nobility. his authority as well as the nobility. Uh right now the great threat the great Uh right now the great threat the great Uh right now the great threat the great rival to the Russians is the Ottoman rival to the Russians is the Ottoman rival to the Russians is the Ottoman Empire. Okay. And and last is the Empire. Okay. And and last is the Empire. Okay. And and last is the contempt of Asia. Okay. So um even contempt of Asia. Okay. So um even contempt of Asia. Okay. So um even though the Mongols probably influence though the Mongols probably influence though the Mongols probably influence the Russians much more than the Vikings, the Russians much more than the Vikings, the Russians much more than the Vikings, the Russians believe the Vikings are the Russians believe the Vikings are the Russians believe the Vikings are their true um um ancestors, not the their true um um ancestors, not the their true um um ancestors, not the Mongols. They try to they try to like Mongols. They try to they try to like Mongols. They try to they try to like erase the Mongols from their own erase the Mongols from their own erase the Mongols from their own history. They're kind of ashamed of history. They're kind of ashamed of history. They're kind of ashamed of it. Okay. So again um as I mentioned at it. Okay. So again um as I mentioned at it. Okay. So again um as I mentioned at this time in Europe about the year 1700 this time in Europe about the year 1700 this time in Europe about the year 1700 Sweden is the great military power of Sweden is the great military power of Sweden is the great military power of the age and Peter the Great and Charles the age and Peter the Great and Charles the age and Peter the Great and Charles the 12 of Sweden they get into this the 12 of Sweden they get into this the 12 of Sweden they get into this major conflict and Peter the Great um is major conflict and Peter the Great um is major conflict and Peter the Great um is not that great. Okay. Um he he has a lot not that great. Okay. Um he he has a lot not that great. Okay. Um he he has a lot of issues, but Charles II is a complete of issues, but Charles II is a complete of issues, but Charles II is a complete disaster. And the reason why is he's a disaster. And the reason why is he's a disaster. And the reason why is he's a young man. He's only about 27 when he young man. He's only about 27 when he young man. He's only about 27 when he invades Russia who fancied himself as invades Russia who fancied himself as invades Russia who fancied himself as Anton the Great. Okay. And as we Anton the Great. Okay. And as we Anton the Great. Okay. And as we discussed, Anton the Great was very discussed, Anton the Great was very discussed, Anton the Great was very problematic because he was very problematic because he was very problematic because he was very tyrannical and also because he believed tyrannical and also because he believed tyrannical and also because he believed he was invincible. So Charles the Great he was invincible. So Charles the Great he was invincible. So Charles the Great decides to go invade decides to go invade decides to go invade Russia. And this is a disaster. Why? Russia. And this is a disaster. Why? Russia. And this is a disaster. Why? Because Peter great will um use Because Peter great will um use Because Peter great will um use something called a scorch earth policy. something called a scorch earth policy. something called a scorch earth policy. Basically he knows that he cannot on the Basically he knows that he cannot on the Basically he knows that he cannot on the battlefield defeat the Swedes. So what battlefield defeat the Swedes. So what battlefield defeat the Swedes. So what the Russians do is they retreat and burn the Russians do is they retreat and burn the Russians do is they retreat and burn down all the fields. So the army cannot down all the fields. So the army cannot down all the fields. So the army cannot feed itself. Okay, this is called scorch feed itself. Okay, this is called scorch feed itself. Okay, this is called scorch earth. And this is important because earth. And this is important because earth. And this is important because uh this is how the Russians will defeat uh this is how the Russians will defeat uh this is how the Russians will defeat Napoleon in 1812. And this is important Napoleon in 1812. And this is important Napoleon in 1812. And this is important because this is how the Russians will because this is how the Russians will because this is how the Russians will defeat uh the Germans in uh World War defeat uh the Germans in uh World War defeat uh the Germans in uh World War II. Okay. So uh this is very sim this is II. Okay. So uh this is very sim this is II. Okay. So uh this is very sim this is a very uh familiar pattern in a very uh familiar pattern in a very uh familiar pattern in history. history. history. Um as I mentioned the great enemy of Um as I mentioned the great enemy of Um as I mentioned the great enemy of Russia at this time are the Ottomans. Russia at this time are the Ottomans. Russia at this time are the Ottomans. Okay. And so the Russians and the Okay. And so the Russians and the Okay. And so the Russians and the Ottomans will clash over the Ottomans will clash over the Ottomans will clash over the um Cruma. Okay. The Crimea. And this um Cruma. Okay. The Crimea. And this um Cruma. Okay. The Crimea. And this will lead to something called the Korean will lead to something called the Korean will lead to something called the Korean War uh in War uh in War uh in 1854. Okay. So, Peter the Great again, 1854. Okay. So, Peter the Great again, 1854. Okay. So, Peter the Great again, he wins because uh Charles II um makes he wins because uh Charles II um makes he wins because uh Charles II um makes disastrous military decisions during disastrous military decisions during disastrous military decisions during this war. But this is this begins the this war. But this is this begins the this war. But this is this begins the Russian Empire. Okay. For the first Russian Empire. Okay. For the first Russian Empire. Okay. For the first time, Russia is now considered a great time, Russia is now considered a great time, Russia is now considered a great European power because it's defeated the European power because it's defeated the European power because it's defeated the great military power of Europe, Sweden. Okay. So these are paintings celebrating Okay. So these are paintings celebrating the great Russian victory over the the great Russian victory over the the great Russian victory over the Swedes. So after this victory, Russia Swedes. So after this victory, Russia Swedes. So after this victory, Russia will expand very will expand very will expand very greatly. And then um after the Peter the greatly. And then um after the Peter the greatly. And then um after the Peter the Great, the the the next great Great, the the the next great Great, the the the next great westernizer of the Russian Empire is westernizer of the Russian Empire is westernizer of the Russian Empire is Katherine the Great. Uh what's important Katherine the Great. Uh what's important Katherine the Great. Uh what's important first to remember about um Katherine the first to remember about um Katherine the first to remember about um Katherine the Great is she's actually not Russian. Great is she's actually not Russian. Great is she's actually not Russian. She's actually German. She's she was She's actually German. She's she was She's actually German. She's she was born in Prussia and she married into the born in Prussia and she married into the born in Prussia and she married into the Russian noble family. It was very common Russian noble family. It was very common Russian noble family. It was very common at this stage for the European powers to at this stage for the European powers to at this stage for the European powers to intermar with each other and most of the intermar with each other and most of the intermar with each other and most of the uh Russian nobility a lot of them uh Russian nobility a lot of them uh Russian nobility a lot of them actually have German blood and they actually have German blood and they actually have German blood and they actually spoke French at home. Okay. So actually spoke French at home. Okay. So actually spoke French at home. Okay. So so uh this Russianization created a so uh this Russianization created a so uh this Russianization created a process where the nobility now is very process where the nobility now is very process where the nobility now is very European. They speak French. they have European. They speak French. they have European. They speak French. they have German ancestry and the um the peasants German ancestry and the um the peasants German ancestry and the um the peasants are Slavic. Okay. And so this creates a are Slavic. Okay. And so this creates a are Slavic. Okay. And so this creates a massive divide in Russia. Captain the massive divide in Russia. Captain the massive divide in Russia. Captain the great will extend uh Russia greatly as great will extend uh Russia greatly as great will extend uh Russia greatly as you can see from this map. The great um you can see from this map. The great um you can see from this map. The great um event that basically frustr is the defeat of Napoleon in frustr is the defeat of Napoleon in 1812. Napoleon, as we know, the great 1812. Napoleon, as we know, the great 1812. Napoleon, as we know, the great conqueror. He invades Russia in 1812 and conqueror. He invades Russia in 1812 and conqueror. He invades Russia in 1812 and he defeats the Russian army. But what he defeats the Russian army. But what he defeats the Russian army. But what the Russians do that no one can possibly the Russians do that no one can possibly the Russians do that no one can possibly imagine they would do is they burn down imagine they would do is they burn down imagine they would do is they burn down the capital, Moscow. Okay, Moscow is the the capital, Moscow. Okay, Moscow is the the capital, Moscow. Okay, Moscow is the cultural capital. It is the heart and cultural capital. It is the heart and cultural capital. It is the heart and soul of the Russian Empire. And they soul of the Russian Empire. And they soul of the Russian Empire. And they burn it down to starve Napoleon's army. burn it down to starve Napoleon's army. burn it down to starve Napoleon's army. And the Europeans thought this was a And the Europeans thought this was a And the Europeans thought this was a incredible act of barbarism. Okay. But incredible act of barbarism. Okay. But incredible act of barbarism. Okay. But for the Russians, they believed it was for the Russians, they believed it was for the Russians, they believed it was an incredible act of self-sacrifice that an incredible act of self-sacrifice that an incredible act of self-sacrifice that saved the Russian Empire. In fact, uh saved the Russian Empire. In fact, uh saved the Russian Empire. In fact, uh the great Russian composer, he wrote a the great Russian composer, he wrote a the great Russian composer, he wrote a symphony dedicated to uh uh celebrating symphony dedicated to uh uh celebrating symphony dedicated to uh uh celebrating the victory over Napoleon called 1812 the victory over Napoleon called 1812 the victory over Napoleon called 1812 overture. Have you guys heard the overture. Have you guys heard the overture. Have you guys heard the overture? All right, let let me play it overture? All right, let let me play it overture? All right, let let me play it for Okay. I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Applause] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] you so the you so the Russians thought that by getting Russians thought that by getting Russians thought that by getting Napoleon by making a sacrifice they not Napoleon by making a sacrifice they not Napoleon by making a sacrifice they not only saved Russia but they saved all of only saved Russia but they saved all of only saved Russia but they saved all of Europe. They saved Western civilization Europe. They saved Western civilization Europe. They saved Western civilization basically. basically. basically. [Music] Okay. Okay. So, I'm sure you you guys Okay. Okay. So, I'm sure you you guys have heard of it, right? Okay. But this have heard of it, right? Okay. But this have heard of it, right? Okay. But this is to celebrate uh the freedom of is to celebrate uh the freedom of is to celebrate uh the freedom of Napoleon by Tchaikovski. Okay. Um, after the defeat of Napoleon Okay. Um, after the defeat of Napoleon though, the Europeans take notice of though, the Europeans take notice of though, the Europeans take notice of Russia, especially Britain. Remember, Russia, especially Britain. Remember, Russia, especially Britain. Remember, Britain is this great naval power that Britain is this great naval power that Britain is this great naval power that is dedicated to a divide and conquer is dedicated to a divide and conquer is dedicated to a divide and conquer policy of of Europe. They basically gang policy of of Europe. They basically gang policy of of Europe. They basically gang up against whoever is the growing power up against whoever is the growing power up against whoever is the growing power in Europe. So as as Russia's as Russia in Europe. So as as Russia's as Russia in Europe. So as as Russia's as Russia is growing uh the British encourage the is growing uh the British encourage the is growing uh the British encourage the Ottomans and the French to unite against Ottomans and the French to unite against Ottomans and the French to unite against Russia to prevent Russia expansion into Russia to prevent Russia expansion into Russia to prevent Russia expansion into the Ottoman Empire. Eventually uh the the Ottoman Empire. Eventually uh the the Ottoman Empire. Eventually uh the Russians will defeat the Ottoman Empire Russians will defeat the Ottoman Empire Russians will defeat the Ottoman Empire but the Korean war is a major setback but the Korean war is a major setback but the Korean war is a major setback for the Russians and this creates for the Russians and this creates for the Russians and this creates something called the great game where something called the great game where something called the great game where the Russians um are now being helmed in the Russians um are now being helmed in the Russians um are now being helmed in by the by the British. Okay. So the by the by the British. Okay. So the by the by the British. Okay. So the British and the Russians now will now British and the Russians now will now British and the Russians now will now will now fight for supremacy over will now fight for supremacy over will now fight for supremacy over Central Asia. A disaster the next Central Asia. A disaster the next Central Asia. A disaster the next disaster for the for the Russians is the disaster for the for the Russians is the disaster for the for the Russians is the Russell Japanese war where Russia gets Russell Japanese war where Russia gets Russell Japanese war where Russia gets heavily defeated by the Japanese and heavily defeated by the Japanese and heavily defeated by the Japanese and this sort of instigates revolutionary this sort of instigates revolutionary this sort of instigates revolutionary settlement and fever in Russia. And of settlement and fever in Russia. And of settlement and fever in Russia. And of course, what follows next is the great course, what follows next is the great course, what follows next is the great disaster, the first war, where the disaster, the first war, where the disaster, the first war, where the Russians are defeated mightily by the Russians are defeated mightily by the Russians are defeated mightily by the Germans. And this creates something Germans. And this creates something Germans. And this creates something called the 1917 Revolution, called the 1917 Revolution, called the 1917 Revolution, which destroys the Russian Empire and which destroys the Russian Empire and which destroys the Russian Empire and creates the uh Soviet Empire. Okay. Um creates the uh Soviet Empire. Okay. Um creates the uh Soviet Empire. Okay. Um so this is just a brief history. We'll so this is just a brief history. We'll so this is just a brief history. We'll go into the revolution at a future date. go into the revolution at a future date. go into the revolution at a future date. Okay. Okay, it's a very important event Okay. Okay, it's a very important event Okay. Okay, it's a very important event and I I want to dedicate a whole class and I I want to dedicate a whole class and I I want to dedicate a whole class to it. But that's a brief background to it. But that's a brief background to it. But that's a brief background um of the Russian Empire. Okay, so now um of the Russian Empire. Okay, so now um of the Russian Empire. Okay, so now let's talk about the civilization. And let's talk about the civilization. And let's talk about the civilization. And as um I discussed westernization has a as um I discussed westernization has a as um I discussed westernization has a ma has been a major trend in Europe. But ma has been a major trend in Europe. But ma has been a major trend in Europe. But because of westernization, there are because of westernization, there are because of westernization, there are three major three major three major contradictions that are created within contradictions that are created within contradictions that are created within the uh Russian Empire. Okay. And these the uh Russian Empire. Okay. And these the uh Russian Empire. Okay. And these three contradictions will go on to three contradictions will go on to three contradictions will go on to create Russian civilization. Okay, these create Russian civilization. Okay, these create Russian civilization. Okay, these contradictions are it's both European contradictions are it's both European contradictions are it's both European and Central Asian. Okay, it's both and Central Asian. Okay, it's both and Central Asian. Okay, it's both Viking and It's both it's both um Viking and It's both it's both um Viking and It's both it's both um Slavic as well as Tartar. Okay, so Slavic as well as Tartar. Okay, so Slavic as well as Tartar. Okay, so there's a lot of e ethnicities, a lot of there's a lot of e ethnicities, a lot of there's a lot of e ethnicities, a lot of cultures within Russia. And there's a cultures within Russia. And there's a cultures within Russia. And there's a contradiction. Second contradiction is contradiction. Second contradiction is contradiction. Second contradiction is it fancy itself as a Christian Orthodox it fancy itself as a Christian Orthodox it fancy itself as a Christian Orthodox nation. In fact, the true Christian nation. In fact, the true Christian nation. In fact, the true Christian nation, but it's also very pagan. Uh nation, but it's also very pagan. Uh nation, but it's also very pagan. Uh remember there's this massive um east remember there's this massive um east remember there's this massive um east eastward expansion eastward expansion eastward expansion um in the process um there's a lot of um in the process um there's a lot of um in the process um there's a lot of war there's a lot of violence okay it's war there's a lot of violence okay it's war there's a lot of violence okay it's very pagan and the peasantry um even to very pagan and the peasantry um even to very pagan and the peasantry um even to this day maintain a lot of pagan rituals this day maintain a lot of pagan rituals this day maintain a lot of pagan rituals a lot of pagan beliefs and the third a lot of pagan beliefs and the third a lot of pagan beliefs and the third great contradiction is between great contradiction is between great contradiction is between enlightenment and empire so Katherine enlightenment and empire so Katherine enlightenment and empire so Katherine the great who was Prussian she tried to the great who was Prussian she tried to the great who was Prussian she tried to saw herself as an enlightened monarch. saw herself as an enlightened monarch. saw herself as an enlightened monarch. She was best friends with Voltater. They She was best friends with Voltater. They She was best friends with Voltater. They they never met but they were pen pals they never met but they were pen pals they never met but they were pen pals and she saw herself as an enlightened and she saw herself as an enlightened and she saw herself as an enlightened despot who was trying to bring reason despot who was trying to bring reason despot who was trying to bring reason and justice and goodness to Russia. and justice and goodness to Russia. and justice and goodness to Russia. Okay. But at the same time it's an Okay. But at the same time it's an Okay. But at the same time it's an empire and it's a brutal empire that um empire and it's a brutal empire that um empire and it's a brutal empire that um uh and the Russians engage in a lot of uh and the Russians engage in a lot of uh and the Russians engage in a lot of barbarism. Okay. So this is also a barbarism. Okay. So this is also a barbarism. Okay. So this is also a massive massive massive contradiction. And so if you study contradiction. And so if you study contradiction. And so if you study Russian civilization, okay, it is unique Russian civilization, okay, it is unique Russian civilization, okay, it is unique because of these three major because of these three major because of these three major contradictions. So let me show you how contradictions. So let me show you how contradictions. So let me show you how they influence Russian arts and they influence Russian arts and they influence Russian arts and literature. Okay. Um let's look at some literature. Okay. Um let's look at some literature. Okay. Um let's look at some of the major Russian cultural of the major Russian cultural of the major Russian cultural figures. And um there are too many to figures. And um there are too many to figures. And um there are too many to name, okay? There's just a lot of them, name, okay? There's just a lot of them, name, okay? There's just a lot of them, but I'll just go through the most but I'll just go through the most but I'll just go through the most famous. Um this is actually Pushkin who famous. Um this is actually Pushkin who famous. Um this is actually Pushkin who is considered the Shakespeare of Russia. is considered the Shakespeare of Russia. is considered the Shakespeare of Russia. He's the great innovator of Russian He's the great innovator of Russian He's the great innovator of Russian language. He basically modernizes the language. He basically modernizes the language. He basically modernizes the language and he's a poet um and a very language and he's a poet um and a very language and he's a poet um and a very romantic figure in Russia. He's romantic figure in Russia. He's romantic figure in Russia. He's basically the national poet of Russia. basically the national poet of Russia. basically the national poet of Russia. Something really interesting about him Something really interesting about him Something really interesting about him is his grandfather was an African is his grandfather was an African is his grandfather was an African general. Okay. Who who who was uh who general. Okay. Who who who was uh who general. Okay. Who who who was uh who who became a noble in Russia. So he's who became a noble in Russia. So he's who became a noble in Russia. So he's about 1/8 black and he's very proud of about 1/8 black and he's very proud of about 1/8 black and he's very proud of it. And so what's important for us to it. And so what's important for us to it. And so what's important for us to remember is again for most of of human remember is again for most of of human remember is again for most of of human history race was not a concept. Okay? history race was not a concept. Okay? history race was not a concept. Okay? People didn't really care what race you People didn't really care what race you People didn't really care what race you were. Um this is Anton Chvk who is were. Um this is Anton Chvk who is were. Um this is Anton Chvk who is considered the greatest short story considered the greatest short story considered the greatest short story writer in human history. Okay. uh music writer in human history. Okay. uh music writer in human history. Okay. uh music Russian music is extremely uh Russian Russian music is extremely uh Russian Russian music is extremely uh Russian music is just it's beautiful. Okay, music is just it's beautiful. Okay, music is just it's beautiful. Okay, where I'll I'll play you some uh some where I'll I'll play you some uh some where I'll I'll play you some uh some clips of Russian music. Okay, this is clips of Russian music. Okay, this is clips of Russian music. Okay, this is Glanka was a very famous composer. The Glanka was a very famous composer. The Glanka was a very famous composer. The most famous composer of course is most famous composer of course is most famous composer of course is PeterChaikovski. Okay, and he is famous PeterChaikovski. Okay, and he is famous PeterChaikovski. Okay, and he is famous for three ballets that are still for three ballets that are still for three ballets that are still performed today. performed today. performed today. um the Nutcracker which is performed um the Nutcracker which is performed um the Nutcracker which is performed Christmas. This is his most famous Swan Christmas. This is his most famous Swan Christmas. This is his most famous Swan Lake. Okay. So, let's let's hear some Lake. Okay. So, let's let's hear some Lake. Okay. So, let's let's hear some music from Swan Lake just so you can you music from Swan Lake just so you can you music from Swan Lake just so you can you can appreciate the beauty u and the can appreciate the beauty u and the can appreciate the beauty u and the depth of Russian music. What what's astonishing about this music What what's astonishing about this music is that this music can flow into your is that this music can flow into your is that this music can flow into your essence, your soul. Okay? This music essence, your soul. Okay? This music essence, your soul. Okay? This music comes from the soul. And to create music comes from the soul. And to create music comes from the soul. And to create music this beautiful, your soul must suffer. this beautiful, your soul must suffer. this beautiful, your soul must suffer. Okay? Your soul must engage in misery, Okay? Your soul must engage in misery, Okay? Your soul must engage in misery, pain and suffering in order to create pain and suffering in order to create pain and suffering in order to create such beauty. Okay. So this is just um uh haunting Okay. So this is just um uh haunting beautiful music that Tchaikovsky beautiful music that Tchaikovsky beautiful music that Tchaikovsky created. Okay. Uh Sleeping Beauty is created. Okay. Uh Sleeping Beauty is created. Okay. Uh Sleeping Beauty is also a really famous play by um um also a really famous play by um um also a really famous play by um um Tchaikovski. Igor Shvinsky is considered Tchaikovski. Igor Shvinsky is considered Tchaikovski. Igor Shvinsky is considered the first great modern composer and he the first great modern composer and he the first great modern composer and he composed something called the rights of composed something called the rights of composed something called the rights of spring. Okay, this is 1913. It was first spring. Okay, this is 1913. It was first spring. Okay, this is 1913. It was first performed in Paris. It was so performed in Paris. It was so performed in Paris. It was so revolutionary that it caused a riot uh revolutionary that it caused a riot uh revolutionary that it caused a riot uh within the music hall. Um this within the music hall. Um this within the music hall. Um this uh ballet what it tries to do is it uh ballet what it tries to do is it uh ballet what it tries to do is it tries tries tries to fuse the pagan tradition into to fuse the pagan tradition into to fuse the pagan tradition into modernity. Okay. Uh I'm going to play modernity. Okay. Uh I'm going to play modernity. Okay. Uh I'm going to play some excerpts from the rights of spring. some excerpts from the rights of spring. some excerpts from the rights of spring. And you can see how revolutionary this And you can see how revolutionary this And you can see how revolutionary this music is. And and and I want and what I music is. And and and I want and what I music is. And and and I want and what I want you to notice is this music want you to notice is this music want you to notice is this music expresses encapsulates the expresses encapsulates the expresses encapsulates the contradictions within Russian contradictions within Russian contradictions within Russian civilization between the pagan and the civilization between the pagan and the civilization between the pagan and the Christian. You can feel the rawness, the energy, You can feel the rawness, the energy, the violence, the the violence, the the violence, the aggression, the sensuality. Okay. So this musical, this ballet, it's Okay. So this musical, this ballet, it's about the rights of spring. So it goes about the rights of spring. So it goes about the rights of spring. So it goes back to a Slavic tradition where they back to a Slavic tradition where they back to a Slavic tradition where they celebrate the mother goddess and it's celebrate the mother goddess and it's celebrate the mother goddess and it's spring. So they to celebrate the spring. So they to celebrate the spring. So they to celebrate the transition uh perform games and have transition uh perform games and have transition uh perform games and have festivals and what festivals and what festivals and what ends what ends the spec festivities is ends what ends the spec festivities is ends what ends the spec festivities is the sacrifice of a maiden. Okay. She the sacrifice of a maiden. Okay. She the sacrifice of a maiden. Okay. She will dance until she dies and when she will dance until she dies and when she will dance until she dies and when she dances to her death her her heart will dances to her death her her heart will dances to her death her her heart will explode. Okay. And this symbolizes how explode. Okay. And this symbolizes how explode. Okay. And this symbolizes how the mother god is gives life to the the mother god is gives life to the the mother god is gives life to the world by making um by world by making um by world by making um by dancing dancing dancing and basically and basically and basically um pouring out her blood into the world um pouring out her blood into the world um pouring out her blood into the world in order for plants for uh the seasons in order for plants for uh the seasons in order for plants for uh the seasons to change and then her heart will will to change and then her heart will will to change and then her heart will will explode. And in this world, what's explode. And in this world, what's explode. And in this world, what's important for us to understand important for us to understand important for us to understand is it's all interconnected and it must is it's all interconnected and it must is it's all interconnected and it must be balanced out and and harmonized. So be balanced out and and harmonized. So be balanced out and and harmonized. So if the mother goddess sacrifices herself if the mother goddess sacrifices herself if the mother goddess sacrifices herself in order for there be life, then the in order for there be life, then the in order for there be life, then the maiden must sacrifice herself to thank maiden must sacrifice herself to thank maiden must sacrifice herself to thank the mother goddess. Okay. All right. So now let's move on to Okay. All right. So now let's move on to Russian literature. In Russian Russian literature. In Russian Russian literature. In Russian civilization, there are two great civilization, there are two great civilization, there are two great prophets. They are Leo Toy Stoy and prophets. They are Leo Toy Stoy and prophets. They are Leo Toy Stoy and Theodore Dossfki. Together they will Theodore Dossfki. Together they will Theodore Dossfki. Together they will create uh modern Russian civilization, create uh modern Russian civilization, create uh modern Russian civilization, the sensibilities, the beliefs, the the sensibilities, the beliefs, the the sensibilities, the beliefs, the philosophies of modern um Russian philosophies of modern um Russian philosophies of modern um Russian civilization. And what they're trying to civilization. And what they're trying to civilization. And what they're trying to do is they're trying to reconcile the do is they're trying to reconcile the do is they're trying to reconcile the contradictions within Russia through contradictions within Russia through contradictions within Russia through their uh novels. Okay, these are the their uh novels. Okay, these are the their uh novels. Okay, these are the great novelists uh in the human great novelists uh in the human great novelists uh in the human tradition. tradition. tradition. All right. So, Toy Story's most famous All right. So, Toy Story's most famous All right. So, Toy Story's most famous novel is Anna Karinina, which is novel is Anna Karinina, which is novel is Anna Karinina, which is considered also um the greatest work uh considered also um the greatest work uh considered also um the greatest work uh of literature, the greatest novel ever of literature, the greatest novel ever of literature, the greatest novel ever written. Okay. And I want to first read written. Okay. And I want to first read written. Okay. And I want to first read some passages from Anacrina. This is the some passages from Anacrina. This is the some passages from Anacrina. This is the beginning. Okay. This is most one of the beginning. Okay. This is most one of the beginning. Okay. This is most one of the most famous beginnings in world most famous beginnings in world most famous beginnings in world literature. Happy families are all literature. Happy families are all literature. Happy families are all alike. Every unhappy family is unhappy alike. Every unhappy family is unhappy alike. Every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. Everything was confusion in its own way. Everything was confusion in its own way. Everything was confusion in the Oblaskki's house. The wife had in the Oblaskki's house. The wife had in the Oblaskki's house. The wife had discovered that the husband was carrying discovered that the husband was carrying discovered that the husband was carrying on an an intrigued with a French girl. on an an intrigued with a French girl. on an an intrigued with a French girl. Okay. So, what Toy Story is telling us Okay. So, what Toy Story is telling us Okay. So, what Toy Story is telling us from the first couple paragraphs is from the first couple paragraphs is from the first couple paragraphs is Russianization, Europeanization, it is a Russianization, Europeanization, it is a Russianization, Europeanization, it is a process of corrupting the Russian process of corrupting the Russian process of corrupting the Russian soul. Okay. The idea that you bring in a soul. Okay. The idea that you bring in a soul. Okay. The idea that you bring in a French girl and the husband is gonna French girl and the husband is gonna French girl and the husband is gonna sleep with her. It's sleep with her. It's sleep with her. It's corruption. Okay, now this is this is corruption. Okay, now this is this is corruption. Okay, now this is this is important because Yoblaskki the important because Yoblaskki the important because Yoblaskki the husband they are now um engaged in a husband they are now um engaged in a husband they are now um engaged in a divorce and Anacrin and Nina will come divorce and Anacrin and Nina will come divorce and Anacrin and Nina will come from St. Petersburg to try to reconcile from St. Petersburg to try to reconcile from St. Petersburg to try to reconcile husband and wife and Anakin and Nina husband and wife and Anakin and Nina husband and wife and Anakin and Nina herself will commit adultery. she'll herself will commit adultery. she'll herself will commit adultery. she'll fall in love with um a man named uh fall in love with um a man named uh fall in love with um a man named uh Ronsky. They'll have a very passionate Ronsky. They'll have a very passionate Ronsky. They'll have a very passionate affair and this passionate affair will affair and this passionate affair will affair and this passionate affair will destroy uh both Ronssky and Anakarin destroy uh both Ronssky and Anakarin destroy uh both Ronssky and Anakarin Nina and Aarina has a husband and a Nina and Aarina has a husband and a Nina and Aarina has a husband and a child back at St. U Petersburg. She asks child back at St. U Petersburg. She asks child back at St. U Petersburg. She asks for divorce. The husband won't give it for divorce. The husband won't give it for divorce. The husband won't give it to her. U and then she slowly falls into to her. U and then she slowly falls into to her. U and then she slowly falls into depression and then she commits to depression and then she commits to depression and then she commits to killing herself. Okay, so let's look at killing herself. Okay, so let's look at killing herself. Okay, so let's look at look at her the monologue. look at her the monologue. look at her the monologue. that she has within herself before she that she has within herself before she that she has within herself before she decides to kill herself. Okay, so she's decides to kill herself. Okay, so she's decides to kill herself. Okay, so she's trying to explain why she's unhappy. My trying to explain why she's unhappy. My trying to explain why she's unhappy. My love keeps growing more passionate and love keeps growing more passionate and love keeps growing more passionate and egoistic. Okay, selfish. While his is egoistic. Okay, selfish. While his is egoistic. Okay, selfish. While his is winning and waning, and that's why we're winning and waning, and that's why we're winning and waning, and that's why we're drifting apart. So, they've been drifting apart. So, they've been drifting apart. So, they've been together for a long time, but she feels together for a long time, but she feels together for a long time, but she feels that Ronsky is no longer as passionate that Ronsky is no longer as passionate that Ronsky is no longer as passionate as he used to be, while she is becoming as he used to be, while she is becoming as he used to be, while she is becoming more passionate. And there's no help for more passionate. And there's no help for more passionate. And there's no help for it. He has everything for me and I want it. He has everything for me and I want it. He has everything for me and I want him more and more to give him him him more and more to give him him him more and more to give him him himself up to me entirely. He wants more himself up to me entirely. He wants more himself up to me entirely. He wants more and more to get away from me. We walk to and more to get away from me. We walk to and more to get away from me. We walk to meet each other up to the time of our meet each other up to the time of our meet each other up to the time of our love and then we have been irresistibly love and then we have been irresistibly love and then we have been irresistibly driven in different directions and driven in different directions and driven in different directions and there's no altering that. He tells me there's no altering that. He tells me there's no altering that. He tells me I'm insanely jealous and I have told I'm insanely jealous and I have told I'm insanely jealous and I have told myself that I am insanely jealous but myself that I am insanely jealous but myself that I am insanely jealous but it's not true. I'm not jealous but I'm it's not true. I'm not jealous but I'm it's not true. I'm not jealous but I'm jealous and I sorry I'm not jealous but jealous and I sorry I'm not jealous but jealous and I sorry I'm not jealous but I'm unsatisfied. Okay, this is the most I'm unsatisfied. Okay, this is the most I'm unsatisfied. Okay, this is the most important word unsatisfied. important word unsatisfied. important word unsatisfied. Okay. It tells us that she's a very Okay. It tells us that she's a very Okay. It tells us that she's a very selfish person who's using love as a way selfish person who's using love as a way selfish person who's using love as a way to fill the void in her heart. She feels to fill the void in her heart. She feels to fill the void in her heart. She feels that this relationship, this adultery that this relationship, this adultery that this relationship, this adultery will give her meaning in her life. And will give her meaning in her life. And will give her meaning in her life. And what she doesn't understand is when that what she doesn't understand is when that what she doesn't understand is when that happens when you um try to possess happens when you um try to possess happens when you um try to possess someone, you can't love that person someone, you can't love that person someone, you can't love that person because love is really about um giving because love is really about um giving because love is really about um giving yourself all to another person. Okay? So yourself all to another person. Okay? So yourself all to another person. Okay? So think think about Dante. Dante never got think think about Dante. Dante never got think think about Dante. Dante never got anything from Beatric but he loved her anything from Beatric but he loved her anything from Beatric but he loved her regardless. Okay. So this is where regardless. Okay. So this is where regardless. Okay. So this is where Anakarina fails. She doesn't really Anakarina fails. She doesn't really Anakarina fails. She doesn't really understand what love is. Okay. And she's understand what love is. Okay. And she's understand what love is. Okay. And she's very selfish. Also a huge problem for very selfish. Also a huge problem for very selfish. Also a huge problem for Anakarina Nina Anakarina Nina Anakarina Nina is because she betrayed her husband she is because she betrayed her husband she is because she betrayed her husband she now fears that her h that Brony will now now fears that her h that Brony will now now fears that her h that Brony will now betray her. Okay. So do you see the betray her. Okay. So do you see the betray her. Okay. So do you see the psychology here? And that's why she psychology here? And that's why she psychology here? And that's why she can't she can't love because she broke can't she can't love because she broke can't she can't love because she broke the fundamental condition for love which the fundamental condition for love which the fundamental condition for love which is is is trust. Okay. So this is telling us that trust. Okay. So this is telling us that trust. Okay. So this is telling us that the heart is a mystery. It's something the heart is a mystery. It's something the heart is a mystery. It's something that you cannot reason out. Something that you cannot reason out. Something that you cannot reason out. Something that you can never fully that you can never fully that you can never fully understand. Okay. In understand. Okay. In understand. Okay. In theory if you find someone more theory if you find someone more theory if you find someone more attractive, if you think you're better attractive, if you think you're better attractive, if you think you're better off with him, then you should go be with off with him, then you should go be with off with him, then you should go be with him. Okay? That's western civilization him. Okay? That's western civilization him. Okay? That's western civilization basically pursue your own happiness. But basically pursue your own happiness. But basically pursue your own happiness. But what toys is telling us is the heart is what toys is telling us is the heart is what toys is telling us is the heart is something you cannot master. Okay? Maybe something you cannot master. Okay? Maybe something you cannot master. Okay? Maybe your mind you can master the reason the your mind you can master the reason the your mind you can master the reason the logic you can master but the human heart logic you can master but the human heart logic you can master but the human heart works by its own set of works by its own set of works by its own set of logic and you must respect the human logic and you must respect the human logic and you must respect the human heart. If you want to love then you must heart. If you want to love then you must heart. If you want to love then you must give and not receive. If you want to give and not receive. If you want to give and not receive. If you want to love base your love on trust. Do not love base your love on trust. Do not love base your love on trust. Do not betray yourself. Do not betray others. betray yourself. Do not betray others. betray yourself. Do not betray others. Okay, does that make sense? All right. Okay, does that make sense? All right. Okay, does that make sense? All right. So, now let's move on to really the man So, now let's move on to really the man So, now let's move on to really the man who who is at the heart and center of who who is at the heart and center of who who is at the heart and center of Russian civilization. His name is Russian civilization. His name is Russian civilization. His name is Theodore Theodore Theodore Dosski. Okay, so let me give you some Dosski. Okay, so let me give you some Dosski. Okay, so let me give you some background about Theodore Doss Dosski. background about Theodore Doss Dosski. background about Theodore Doss Dosski. Um, both Toy Um, both Toy Um, both Toy Stoski were extremely passionate Stoski were extremely passionate Stoski were extremely passionate Christians. They really believed in they Christians. They really believed in they Christians. They really believed in they believed in the Christianity. they and believed in the Christianity. they and believed in the Christianity. they and they had deep empathy for the people they had deep empathy for the people they had deep empathy for the people around them. Um, Toy Story was born very around them. Um, Toy Story was born very around them. Um, Toy Story was born very wealthy, he he was of of the nobility, wealthy, he he was of of the nobility, wealthy, he he was of of the nobility, he inherited a lot of money, but because he inherited a lot of money, but because he inherited a lot of money, but because he was so distraught by the suffering he was so distraught by the suffering he was so distraught by the suffering around him because his wealth was around him because his wealth was around him because his wealth was basically based on the oppression of the basically based on the oppression of the basically based on the oppression of the peasantry, right? He actually wanted to peasantry, right? He actually wanted to peasantry, right? He actually wanted to give up all his money, he wanted to give up all his money, he wanted to give up all his money, he wanted to throw it all away and become a beggar. throw it all away and become a beggar. throw it all away and become a beggar. He wanted to become poor. And it was He wanted to become poor. And it was He wanted to become poor. And it was only at the insistence of his family only at the insistence of his family only at the insistence of his family that prevented him from doing what he that prevented him from doing what he that prevented him from doing what he felt he felt his heart demanded of him. felt he felt his heart demanded of him. felt he felt his heart demanded of him. Theo Dossi comes from the lower Theo Dossi comes from the lower Theo Dossi comes from the lower nobility. His father was a doctor. Um nobility. His father was a doctor. Um nobility. His father was a doctor. Um and as a young man he he was a and as a young man he he was a and as a young man he he was a revolutionary and he particip revolutionary and he particip revolutionary and he particip participated in these um literary participated in these um literary participated in these um literary revolutionary circles. He wasn't violent revolutionary circles. He wasn't violent revolutionary circles. He wasn't violent but he had these subversive ideas. So he but he had these subversive ideas. So he but he had these subversive ideas. So he was he was arrested and he was condemned was he was arrested and he was condemned was he was arrested and he was condemned to death. He was put in front of a to death. He was put in front of a to death. He was put in front of a firing squad uh along with others who firing squad uh along with others who firing squad uh along with others who were part of the subversion and at the were part of the subversion and at the were part of the subversion and at the last minute he was his sentence was last minute he was his sentence was last minute he was his sentence was commuted. He was spared by the SAR and commuted. He was spared by the SAR and commuted. He was spared by the SAR and he was sent to hard labor in Siberia for he was sent to hard labor in Siberia for he was sent to hard labor in Siberia for a number of years and this was a very a number of years and this was a very a number of years and this was a very traumatic but it was also a extremely traumatic but it was also a extremely traumatic but it was also a extremely enlightened experience for Dossi. It enlightened experience for Dossi. It enlightened experience for Dossi. It made him think very deeply about the made him think very deeply about the made him think very deeply about the meaning of life. Okay. So um he writes meaning of life. Okay. So um he writes meaning of life. Okay. So um he writes something called Crime and Punishment something called Crime and Punishment something called Crime and Punishment which is really the great novel of of of which is really the great novel of of of which is really the great novel of of of Russian civilization. It has to do with Russian civilization. It has to do with Russian civilization. It has to do with a man a man a man Russov who he's young. He's brilliant. Russov who he's young. He's brilliant. Russov who he's young. He's brilliant. He's a university student but he's poor. He's a university student but he's poor. He's a university student but he's poor. And he decides that in order to escape And he decides that in order to escape And he decides that in order to escape his circumstance, in order to control his circumstance, in order to control his circumstance, in order to control his fate, he's going to murder a woman, his fate, he's going to murder a woman, his fate, he's going to murder a woman, a potent broker who has a lot of money. a potent broker who has a lot of money. a potent broker who has a lot of money. No one likes her. no one will miss her. No one likes her. no one will miss her. No one likes her. no one will miss her. And then he will he will take her money And then he will he will take her money And then he will he will take her money and then build a new life for himself. and then build a new life for himself. and then build a new life for himself. Okay? And this will be become a basis Okay? And this will be become a basis Okay? And this will be become a basis for his greatness. And he reasons out for his greatness. And he reasons out for his greatness. And he reasons out that you know what as a great that you know what as a great that you know what as a great individual, as a genius, I'm going to individual, as a genius, I'm going to individual, as a genius, I'm going to contribute so much to humanity. So if I contribute so much to humanity. So if I contribute so much to humanity. So if I kill a old woman no one likes, it won't kill a old woman no one likes, it won't kill a old woman no one likes, it won't really matter. Okay? So he's been really matter. Okay? So he's been really matter. Okay? So he's been thinking about this for like a long time thinking about this for like a long time thinking about this for like a long time and he's all he's got it all reasoned and he's all he's got it all reasoned and he's all he's got it all reasoned out. And what crime and punishment will out. And what crime and punishment will out. And what crime and punishment will show us is reason is nothing. It doesn't show us is reason is nothing. It doesn't show us is reason is nothing. It doesn't really matter. What matters is the really matter. What matters is the really matter. What matters is the heart. Okay. All right. So, heart. Okay. All right. So, heart. Okay. All right. So, um, first I want to talk about Dashk's um, first I want to talk about Dashk's um, first I want to talk about Dashk's understanding of God. Okay. Which is the understanding of God. Okay. Which is the understanding of God. Okay. Which is the Russian understanding of God. So, at a Russian understanding of God. So, at a Russian understanding of God. So, at a bar at the beginning of the novel, bar at the beginning of the novel, bar at the beginning of the novel, Rascanov meets an middle-aged man who's Rascanov meets an middle-aged man who's Rascanov meets an middle-aged man who's a drunk. Okay? He's he's he's alcoholic a drunk. Okay? He's he's he's alcoholic a drunk. Okay? He's he's he's alcoholic named Marmar Laddov. Okay, Mar Ladov. named Marmar Laddov. Okay, Mar Ladov. named Marmar Laddov. Okay, Mar Ladov. And Mar Laddov um is extremely pitiful And Mar Laddov um is extremely pitiful And Mar Laddov um is extremely pitiful man because what he's done is he's he's man because what he's done is he's he's man because what he's done is he's he's uh he's like a middle-aged bureaucrat uh he's like a middle-aged bureaucrat uh he's like a middle-aged bureaucrat um and he's been poor and he marries a um and he's been poor and he marries a um and he's been poor and he marries a poor widow as well and they have like poor widow as well and they have like poor widow as well and they have like four children to feed. So the widow four children to feed. So the widow four children to feed. So the widow decides to prostitute decides to prostitute decides to prostitute um M Marlo's daughter Sonia to make um M Marlo's daughter Sonia to make um M Marlo's daughter Sonia to make money. Okay. And then Mar Millov in a money. Okay. And then Mar Millov in a money. Okay. And then Mar Millov in a fit of tremendous regret, he goes and fit of tremendous regret, he goes and fit of tremendous regret, he goes and finds a job. And this seems like it's finds a job. And this seems like it's finds a job. And this seems like it's going to resolve all problems from the going to resolve all problems from the going to resolve all problems from the family, right? But he does something family, right? But he does something family, right? But he does something that no one really can predict or that no one really can predict or that no one really can predict or expect. He decides to steal all the manu expect. He decides to steal all the manu expect. He decides to steal all the manu all the money within the household, quit all the money within the household, quit all the money within the household, quit his job, and get drunk every day. Okay? his job, and get drunk every day. Okay? his job, and get drunk every day. Okay? And you hear this and you're like, um, And you hear this and you're like, um, And you hear this and you're like, um, that makes no sense. But again, that's that makes no sense. But again, that's that makes no sense. But again, that's the beauty of Russian literature. It's the beauty of Russian literature. It's the beauty of Russian literature. It's it's focused on what what drives us it's focused on what what drives us it's focused on what what drives us psychologically. It's not about what is psychologically. It's not about what is psychologically. It's not about what is reasonable, what is logical. It's really reasonable, what is logical. It's really reasonable, what is logical. It's really about what we what we do in these about what we what we do in these about what we what we do in these circumstances. Okay? And circumstances. Okay? And circumstances. Okay? And so Marlo, he's driven to despair because so Marlo, he's driven to despair because so Marlo, he's driven to despair because he he feels he sacrificed his daughter. he he feels he sacrificed his daughter. he he feels he sacrificed his daughter. Okay? He hates the fact that his Okay? He hates the fact that his Okay? He hates the fact that his daughter has become a prostitute and he daughter has become a prostitute and he daughter has become a prostitute and he cannot allow himself and his family to cannot allow himself and his family to cannot allow himself and his family to live happily ever after now that his live happily ever after now that his live happily ever after now that his daughter is a prostitute and that's why daughter is a prostitute and that's why daughter is a prostitute and that's why he decides to be become alcoholic. And he decides to be become alcoholic. And he decides to be become alcoholic. And then they talk about God. Okay, they then they talk about God. Okay, they then they talk about God. Okay, they talk about God and what the nature of talk about God and what the nature of talk about God and what the nature of God is. And this is very important for God is. And this is very important for God is. And this is very important for us to understand Orthodox Christianity. us to understand Orthodox Christianity. us to understand Orthodox Christianity. He says to Russo, why am I to be pity? He says to Russo, why am I to be pity? He says to Russo, why am I to be pity? You say, "Yes, there's nothing to pity You say, "Yes, there's nothing to pity You say, "Yes, there's nothing to pity me for. I ought to be crucified. me for. I ought to be crucified. me for. I ought to be crucified. Crucified on a cross, not pity, not Crucified on a cross, not pity, not Crucified on a cross, not pity, not pied. Crucify me, oh, judge me, crucify pied. Crucify me, oh, judge me, crucify pied. Crucify me, oh, judge me, crucify me, but pity me. And then I will go of me, but pity me. And then I will go of me, but pity me. And then I will go of myself to be crucified, for it is not myself to be crucified, for it is not myself to be crucified, for it is not merrymaking, I seek, but tears and merrymaking, I seek, but tears and merrymaking, I seek, but tears and tribulation. Do you suppose you that tribulation. Do you suppose you that tribulation. Do you suppose you that sell that this pin of yours has been sell that this pin of yours has been sell that this pin of yours has been sweet to me? It was tribulation I saw it sweet to me? It was tribulation I saw it sweet to me? It was tribulation I saw it at the bottom of it. Tears and at the bottom of it. Tears and at the bottom of it. Tears and tribulation and I found it and I have tribulation and I found it and I have tribulation and I found it and I have tasted it. But he will pity us who has tasted it. But he will pity us who has tasted it. But he will pity us who has had pity on all men. Who has understood had pity on all men. Who has understood had pity on all men. Who has understood all men in all things. He is the one. He all men in all things. He is the one. He all men in all things. He is the one. He too is the judge. He will come in that too is the judge. He will come in that too is the judge. He will come in that day and he will ask where's the daughter day and he will ask where's the daughter day and he will ask where's the daughter who gave herself for her cross who gave herself for her cross who gave herself for her cross consumptive stepmother and for the consumptive stepmother and for the consumptive stepmother and for the little children of another? Where's the little children of another? Where's the little children of another? Where's the daughter who had pity upon the filthy daughter who had pity upon the filthy daughter who had pity upon the filthy drunkard her earthly father undismayed? drunkard her earthly father undismayed? drunkard her earthly father undismayed? by his beastness. And he will say, "Come by his beastness. And he will say, "Come by his beastness. And he will say, "Come to me. I have already forgiven thee to me. I have already forgiven thee to me. I have already forgiven thee once. I forgiven thee once. Thy sins once. I forgiven thee once. Thy sins once. I forgiven thee once. Thy sins which are many are forgiven thee. For which are many are forgiven thee. For which are many are forgiven thee. For thou has loved much. He will forgive my thou has loved much. He will forgive my thou has loved much. He will forgive my sona. He will forgive. I know it. I felt sona. He will forgive. I know it. I felt sona. He will forgive. I know it. I felt in my heart when I was with her just in my heart when I was with her just in my heart when I was with her just now. He will judge and he will forgive now. He will judge and he will forgive now. He will judge and he will forgive all the good and the evil, the wise and all the good and the evil, the wise and all the good and the evil, the wise and the meek." Okay. So this God that the the meek." Okay. So this God that the the meek." Okay. So this God that the Orthodox Christians celebrate, it's a Orthodox Christians celebrate, it's a Orthodox Christians celebrate, it's a forgiving God. It's a merciful God. It forgiving God. It's a merciful God. It forgiving God. It's a merciful God. It is a knowledgeable God, a wise God. Why? is a knowledgeable God, a wise God. Why? is a knowledgeable God, a wise God. Why? Because we humans cannot be trusted to Because we humans cannot be trusted to Because we humans cannot be trusted to be wise. We humans be wise. We humans be wise. We humans are we suffer the mysteries of the are we suffer the mysteries of the are we suffer the mysteries of the heart. We do not know ourselves. We do heart. We do not know ourselves. We do heart. We do not know ourselves. We do not know our nature. And therefore we not know our nature. And therefore we not know our nature. And therefore we are bound to suffer. And it's and God are bound to suffer. And it's and God are bound to suffer. And it's and God understands this. And that's why God understands this. And that's why God understands this. And that's why God will ultimately redeem us all when the will ultimately redeem us all when the will ultimately redeem us all when the time is appropriate. Okay? So it's time is appropriate. Okay? So it's time is appropriate. Okay? So it's fatalistic but at the same time it's fatalistic but at the same time it's fatalistic but at the same time it's also optimistic. Okay. So um let us also optimistic. Okay. So um let us also optimistic. Okay. So um let us summarize what the differences are summarize what the differences are summarize what the differences are between the Protestant, Catholic and between the Protestant, Catholic and between the Protestant, Catholic and Orthodox religions. Okay. And again Orthodox religions. Okay. And again Orthodox religions. Okay. And again these are different branches of these are different branches of these are different branches of Christianity and they seem similar but Christianity and they seem similar but Christianity and they seem similar but in reality they are extremely different. in reality they are extremely different. in reality they are extremely different. Okay. So the Protestants believe that we Okay. So the Protestants believe that we Okay. So the Protestants believe that we choose to sin. We have free will. The choose to sin. We have free will. The choose to sin. We have free will. The Catholics don't believe in free will. Catholics don't believe in free will. Catholics don't believe in free will. They say we are born in sin. And the They say we are born in sin. And the They say we are born in sin. And the Orthodox are fatalistic. They believe we Orthodox are fatalistic. They believe we Orthodox are fatalistic. They believe we are born to sin. We cannot control our are born to sin. We cannot control our are born to sin. We cannot control our own nature. Okay, that's the first major own nature. Okay, that's the first major own nature. Okay, that's the first major difference. Second major difference is difference. Second major difference is difference. Second major difference is only a few will be saved and redeemed. only a few will be saved and redeemed. only a few will be saved and redeemed. Okay, the Protestant is a very Okay, the Protestant is a very Okay, the Protestant is a very unforgiving religion. Only if you work unforgiving religion. Only if you work unforgiving religion. Only if you work hard and become very wealthy will you be hard and become very wealthy will you be hard and become very wealthy will you be saved. The Catholics believe that no, saved. The Catholics believe that no, saved. The Catholics believe that no, everyone can be saved and redeemed. And everyone can be saved and redeemed. And everyone can be saved and redeemed. And the Orthodox believe we are beyond the Orthodox believe we are beyond the Orthodox believe we are beyond salvation and redemption. The human salvation and redemption. The human salvation and redemption. The human heart is so dark, so mysterious that we heart is so dark, so mysterious that we heart is so dark, so mysterious that we are beyond salvation and redemption. And are beyond salvation and redemption. And are beyond salvation and redemption. And that that is why God is great because that that is why God is great because that that is why God is great because only God can save and redeem us even only God can save and redeem us even only God can save and redeem us even though we are beyond salvation and though we are beyond salvation and though we are beyond salvation and redemption. Okay. Um the third major redemption. Okay. Um the third major redemption. Okay. Um the third major difference is the protests believe that difference is the protests believe that difference is the protests believe that our faith in God will save and redeem our faith in God will save and redeem our faith in God will save and redeem us. The Catholics believe obedience to us. The Catholics believe obedience to us. The Catholics believe obedience to God, oh sorry, obedience to the to the God, oh sorry, obedience to the to the God, oh sorry, obedience to the to the church is what will save and redeem us. church is what will save and redeem us. church is what will save and redeem us. where whereas the orthodox believe that where whereas the orthodox believe that where whereas the orthodox believe that um only God can forgive us and if God um only God can forgive us and if God um only God can forgive us and if God forgives us we can't really control forgives us we can't really control forgives us we can't really control right so these are the three major right so these are the three major right so these are the three major differences and this is important differences and this is important differences and this is important because the orthodox religion is at the because the orthodox religion is at the because the orthodox religion is at the heart and center of Russian heart and center of Russian heart and center of Russian civilization okay so let's see how this civilization okay so let's see how this civilization okay so let's see how this influences crime and punishment um so influences crime and punishment um so influences crime and punishment um so this is a very important passage in this is a very important passage in this is a very important passage in crime and punishment And we'll be crime and punishment And we'll be crime and punishment And we'll be discussing this a lot as we move on. discussing this a lot as we move on. discussing this a lot as we move on. Okay. So, here Rconovv, he's killed the Okay. So, here Rconovv, he's killed the Okay. So, here Rconovv, he's killed the old lady. He's stolen her money, but now old lady. He's stolen her money, but now old lady. He's stolen her money, but now he feels tremendous regret and he he feels tremendous regret and he he feels tremendous regret and he doesn't know why. He can't sleep. Um doesn't know why. He can't sleep. Um doesn't know why. He can't sleep. Um he's he he he he falls into sickness. He he's he he he he falls into sickness. He he's he he he he falls into sickness. He doesn't know why this is happening doesn't know why this is happening doesn't know why this is happening because he's already reasoned it out, because he's already reasoned it out, because he's already reasoned it out, right? And then he meets Sonia who again right? And then he meets Sonia who again right? And then he meets Sonia who again is Marlo Adolf's daughter and he and he is Marlo Adolf's daughter and he and he is Marlo Adolf's daughter and he and he confesses to her what he's done and not confesses to her what he's done and not confesses to her what he's done and not only that but he tries to explain why only that but he tries to explain why only that but he tries to explain why he's done this. Okay, this is a very he's done this. Okay, this is a very he's done this. Okay, this is a very important passage in western civilization. I saw that if one waits civilization. I saw that if one waits for everyone to get wise it will take for everyone to get wise it will take for everyone to get wise it will take too long. So he's basically given up on too long. So he's basically given up on too long. So he's basically given up on humanity. Afterwards, I understood that humanity. Afterwards, I understood that humanity. Afterwards, I understood that that would never come to pass. That men that would never come to pass. That men that would never come to pass. That men won't change and that nobody can alter won't change and that nobody can alter won't change and that nobody can alter it and that it's not worth wasting it and that it's not worth wasting it and that it's not worth wasting effort over it. Yes, that's so that's a effort over it. Yes, that's so that's a effort over it. Yes, that's so that's a law of their nature, Sonia. That's so. law of their nature, Sonia. That's so. law of their nature, Sonia. That's so. And I know now, Sonia, that whoever is And I know now, Sonia, that whoever is And I know now, Sonia, that whoever is strong in mind and spirit will have strong in mind and spirit will have strong in mind and spirit will have power over them. And who is greatly power over them. And who is greatly power over them. And who is greatly daring is right in their eyes. He who daring is right in their eyes. He who daring is right in their eyes. He who despises most things will be a lawgiver despises most things will be a lawgiver despises most things will be a lawgiver among them. And he who dares most of all among them. And he who dares most of all among them. And he who dares most of all will be most in the right. So it has will be most in the right. So it has will be most in the right. So it has been till now and so it'll always be a been till now and so it'll always be a been till now and so it'll always be a man must be blind not to see it. Okay. man must be blind not to see it. Okay. man must be blind not to see it. Okay. So let's go back to the French So let's go back to the French So let's go back to the French revolution. Ropes pier is someone who revolution. Ropes pier is someone who revolution. Ropes pier is someone who fundament fundamentally believes that fundament fundamentally believes that fundament fundamentally believes that everyone can be reasoned with that everyone can be reasoned with that everyone can be reasoned with that reason exists in all of us. If we appeal reason exists in all of us. If we appeal reason exists in all of us. If we appeal to reason then people will be to reason then people will be to reason then people will be good. Napoleon is someone who believes good. Napoleon is someone who believes good. Napoleon is someone who believes that I must lead the man. People are that I must lead the man. People are that I must lead the man. People are weak. I must be strong. Okay. So what weak. I must be strong. Okay. So what weak. I must be strong. Okay. So what what is saying is like I killed the old what is saying is like I killed the old what is saying is like I killed the old lady because I'm trying to prove that lady because I'm trying to prove that lady because I'm trying to prove that I'm Napoleon and not Ropes I'm Napoleon and not Ropes I'm Napoleon and not Ropes PR. It's people like Napoleon who will PR. It's people like Napoleon who will PR. It's people like Napoleon who will change history, who will save us. Ropes change history, who will save us. Ropes change history, who will save us. Ropes Pierre can only be sacrificed. Okay. And this is important sacrificed. Okay. And this is important because what do wants to show in crime because what do wants to show in crime because what do wants to show in crime and punishment is that this sort of and punishment is that this sort of and punishment is that this sort of reasoning it sounds right but it goes reasoning it sounds right but it goes reasoning it sounds right but it goes against the human heart and when that against the human heart and when that against the human heart and when that happens when the reason and the heart happens when the reason and the heart happens when the reason and the heart come into conflict the heart will always come into conflict the heart will always come into conflict the heart will always triumph and this can only triumph and this can only triumph and this can only lead into lead into lead into misery. Also what will happen is that misery. Also what will happen is that misery. Also what will happen is that very important uh thinkers like Fredick very important uh thinkers like Fredick very important uh thinkers like Fredick Nichi as well as Stigman Ford they will Nichi as well as Stigman Ford they will Nichi as well as Stigman Ford they will read this and interpret it in their own read this and interpret it in their own read this and interpret it in their own way. Okay so Frederick Nishi will read way. Okay so Frederick Nishi will read way. Okay so Frederick Nishi will read this and think no this makes sense. Okay this and think no this makes sense. Okay this and think no this makes sense. Okay it's not that RC rcoff is wrong it's it's not that RC rcoff is wrong it's it's not that RC rcoff is wrong it's that he didn't believe this enough. All that he didn't believe this enough. All that he didn't believe this enough. All right so we'll talk about this next right so we'll talk about this next right so we'll talk about this next class. All right. So, um, Rconovv, he's class. All right. So, um, Rconovv, he's class. All right. So, um, Rconovv, he's being pursued by the police and it it's being pursued by the police and it it's being pursued by the police and it it's obvious that he's the culprit. It's obvious that he's the culprit. It's obvious that he's the culprit. It's obvious that he's guilty. But what obvious that he's guilty. But what obvious that he's guilty. But what happens is someone else confesses to the happens is someone else confesses to the happens is someone else confesses to the crime and we don't know why, but someone crime and we don't know why, but someone crime and we don't know why, but someone else confesses to the crime. And at this else confesses to the crime. And at this else confesses to the crime. And at this point, you would think point, you would think point, you would think that is now happy. He's now free to do that is now happy. He's now free to do that is now happy. He's now free to do whatever he wants. This shows that it is whatever he wants. This shows that it is whatever he wants. This shows that it is God's will that he become great. is God's will that he become great. is God's will that he become great. is God's will that he kill and become God's will that he kill and become God's will that he kill and become great. But what happens next is he great. But what happens next is he great. But what happens next is he decides to confess the crime. And the decides to confess the crime. And the decides to confess the crime. And the confession is the confession strikes is confession is the confession strikes is confession is the confession strikes is so striking and so nonsensical that the so striking and so nonsensical that the so striking and so nonsensical that the law the legal system doesn't know really law the legal system doesn't know really law the legal system doesn't know really doesn't know what to do with him. So doesn't know what to do with him. So doesn't know what to do with him. So they basically sentence him to like hard they basically sentence him to like hard they basically sentence him to like hard labor in Siberia for a few years. It's labor in Siberia for a few years. It's labor in Siberia for a few years. It's it's the lightest crime. So it's the it's the lightest crime. So it's the it's the lightest crime. So it's the lightest punishment he could have ever lightest punishment he could have ever lightest punishment he could have ever received. Okay. And at this point you received. Okay. And at this point you received. Okay. And at this point you would think that okay now he's happy would think that okay now he's happy would think that okay now he's happy with himself because he killed someone with himself because he killed someone with himself because he killed someone he felt regret and now he he's doing he felt regret and now he he's doing he felt regret and now he he's doing some punishment and then eventually he some punishment and then eventually he some punishment and then eventually he will be redeemed. Okay. But this causes will be redeemed. Okay. But this causes will be redeemed. Okay. But this causes even more anxiety in him. It causes more even more anxiety in him. It causes more even more anxiety in him. It causes more confusion in him. Okay. He did not confusion in him. Okay. He did not confusion in him. Okay. He did not repent of his crime. He doesn't feel repent of his crime. He doesn't feel repent of his crime. He doesn't feel guilty or remorseful for killing the guilty or remorseful for killing the guilty or remorseful for killing the landl. Okay. At least he might have landl. Okay. At least he might have landl. Okay. At least he might have found relief in raging at his stupidity, found relief in raging at his stupidity, found relief in raging at his stupidity, as he had raged at the grotesque as he had raged at the grotesque as he had raged at the grotesque blunders that had brought him to prison. blunders that had brought him to prison. blunders that had brought him to prison. But not in prison, in freedom he fought But not in prison, in freedom he fought But not in prison, in freedom he fought over and criticized all his actions over and criticized all his actions over and criticized all his actions again, and by no means found them so again, and by no means found them so again, and by no means found them so blundering and so grotesque as they had blundering and so grotesque as they had blundering and so grotesque as they had seemed at the fatal time. In what way, seemed at the fatal time. In what way, seemed at the fatal time. In what way, he asked himself, "Was my theory ster he asked himself, "Was my theory ster he asked himself, "Was my theory ster than others that have swarmed and than others that have swarmed and than others that have swarmed and clashed clashed clashed them clash from the beginning of the them clash from the beginning of the them clash from the beginning of the world? One has only to look at the world? One has only to look at the world? One has only to look at the things quite independently, broadly and things quite independently, broadly and things quite independently, broadly and in uninfluenced by commonplace ideas. in uninfluenced by commonplace ideas. in uninfluenced by commonplace ideas. And my idea will be no means seem so And my idea will be no means seem so And my idea will be no means seem so strange. Oh, skeptics and half punny strange. Oh, skeptics and half punny strange. Oh, skeptics and half punny philosophers. Why do you halt halfway? philosophers. Why do you halt halfway? philosophers. Why do you halt halfway? He he doesn't really understand what's He he doesn't really understand what's He he doesn't really understand what's happening. He doesn't understand what happening. He doesn't understand what happening. He doesn't understand what his problem is there. There was nothing his problem is there. There was nothing his problem is there. There was nothing wrong with his plan. There's nothing wrong with his plan. There's nothing wrong with his plan. There's nothing wrong with what he did. And now he's wrong with what he did. And now he's wrong with what he did. And now he's being punished for what he did. and he being punished for what he did. and he being punished for what he did. and he does he cannot escape his own reason. does he cannot escape his own reason. does he cannot escape his own reason. All right. Now, um we have to go all the All right. Now, um we have to go all the All right. Now, um we have to go all the way back to the beginning of this course way back to the beginning of this course way back to the beginning of this course when we discuss Homer in the Iliad. when we discuss Homer in the Iliad. when we discuss Homer in the Iliad. Remember, Achilles had the same problem. Remember, Achilles had the same problem. Remember, Achilles had the same problem. Achilles saw the death of his friend Achilles saw the death of his friend Achilles saw the death of his friend Petroas and he swore vengeance against Petroas and he swore vengeance against Petroas and he swore vengeance against Hector and then he killed Hector and Hector and then he killed Hector and Hector and then he killed Hector and then he started to mutilate Hector's then he started to mutilate Hector's then he started to mutilate Hector's body. And after he did so, you would body. And after he did so, you would body. And after he did so, you would think he would found relief and think he would found relief and think he would found relief and ctharsis. But it only made him even more ctharsis. But it only made him even more ctharsis. But it only made him even more depressed, more depressed, more depressed, more miserable. Okay, so this is what Homer miserable. Okay, so this is what Homer miserable. Okay, so this is what Homer and Dosski is telling us. Don't try to and Dosski is telling us. Don't try to and Dosski is telling us. Don't try to reason things out. You try to re reason reason things out. You try to re reason reason things out. You try to re reason things out, it will only make you things out, it will only make you things out, it will only make you miserable because the truth is not miserable because the truth is not miserable because the truth is not within reason. Okay? The truth is within within reason. Okay? The truth is within within reason. Okay? The truth is within the human heart. Why does my action strike them as heart. Why does my action strike them as so horrible? He said to himself, "Is it so horrible? He said to himself, "Is it so horrible? He said to himself, "Is it because it was a crime? What is meant by because it was a crime? What is meant by because it was a crime? What is meant by crime? My conscience is at rest. Of crime? My conscience is at rest. Of crime? My conscience is at rest. Of course, it was a legal crime. Of course, course, it was a legal crime. Of course, course, it was a legal crime. Of course, the letter of the law was broken and the letter of the law was broken and the letter of the law was broken and blood was shed. Well, punish me for the blood was shed. Well, punish me for the blood was shed. Well, punish me for the letter of the law and that's enough. Of letter of the law and that's enough. Of letter of the law and that's enough. Of course, in that case, many of the course, in that case, many of the course, in that case, many of the benefactors of mankind who snatched benefactors of mankind who snatched benefactors of mankind who snatched power for themselves instead of power for themselves instead of power for themselves instead of inheriting ought to have been punished inheriting ought to have been punished inheriting ought to have been punished at their first steps. But those men at their first steps. But those men at their first steps. But those men succeeded. And so, they were right. And succeeded. And so, they were right. And succeeded. And so, they were right. And I didn't. And so, I had no right to have I didn't. And so, I had no right to have I didn't. And so, I had no right to have taken that step. is only in that he taken that step. is only in that he taken that step. is only in that he recognized his criminality only in the recognized his criminality only in the recognized his criminality only in the fact that he had been unsuccessful and fact that he had been unsuccessful and fact that he had been unsuccessful and had confessed it. Okay, so he keeps on had confessed it. Okay, so he keeps on had confessed it. Okay, so he keeps on reasoning and he decides that the source reasoning and he decides that the source reasoning and he decides that the source of his misery is his weakness. of his misery is his weakness. of his misery is his weakness. Okay, he killed the lady and he felt Okay, he killed the lady and he felt Okay, he killed the lady and he felt regret for doing it. So this proves he's regret for doing it. So this proves he's regret for doing it. So this proves he's not great. Napoleon would have felt any not great. Napoleon would have felt any not great. Napoleon would have felt any regret. Julius Caesar would have laughed regret. Julius Caesar would have laughed regret. Julius Caesar would have laughed about it. Alexander the Great would have about it. Alexander the Great would have about it. Alexander the Great would have bragged about it. But he felt regret and bragged about it. But he felt regret and bragged about it. But he felt regret and therefore he is weak. Okay. And that is therefore he is weak. Okay. And that is therefore he is weak. Okay. And that is where his reasoning gets him and it where his reasoning gets him and it where his reasoning gets him and it makes him more miserable. Okay. But he finds salvation miserable. Okay. But he finds salvation in redemption and he finds salvation in in redemption and he finds salvation in in redemption and he finds salvation in redemption in the love of Sonia. So redemption in the love of Sonia. So redemption in the love of Sonia. So right now Rasharakov he's in Siberia in right now Rasharakov he's in Siberia in right now Rasharakov he's in Siberia in prison and Sonia comes all the way to be prison and Sonia comes all the way to be prison and Sonia comes all the way to be with him. Okay. And this this is how the with him. Okay. And this this is how the with him. Okay. And this this is how the novel ends. How it happened, he did not novel ends. How it happened, he did not novel ends. How it happened, he did not know. But all at once, something seemed know. But all at once, something seemed know. But all at once, something seemed to seize him and fling him at her feet. to seize him and fling him at her feet. to seize him and fling him at her feet. He wept and threw his arms around her He wept and threw his arms around her He wept and threw his arms around her knees. For the first instant, she was knees. For the first instant, she was knees. For the first instant, she was terribly frightened and she turned pale. terribly frightened and she turned pale. terribly frightened and she turned pale. She jumped up and looked at him She jumped up and looked at him She jumped up and looked at him trembling. At the same moment, she trembling. At the same moment, she trembling. At the same moment, she understood and a light of infinite understood and a light of infinite understood and a light of infinite happiness came into her eyes. She knew happiness came into her eyes. She knew happiness came into her eyes. She knew and had no doubt that he loved her and had no doubt that he loved her and had no doubt that he loved her beyond everything and that at last the beyond everything and that at last the beyond everything and that at last the moment had come. moment had come. moment had come. Okay. So this is what saves him. He love Okay. So this is what saves him. He love Okay. So this is what saves him. He love he surreners himself to his love for he surreners himself to his love for he surreners himself to his love for Sonia. He surrenders himself to Sonia Sonia. He surrenders himself to Sonia Sonia. He surrenders himself to Sonia and that's what ultimately saves him. So and that's what ultimately saves him. So and that's what ultimately saves him. So think back to the Iliad, right? What think back to the Iliad, right? What think back to the Iliad, right? What saves Achilles? What saves Achilles is saves Achilles? What saves Achilles is saves Achilles? What saves Achilles is Pry comes, kisses his hand, forgives Pry comes, kisses his hand, forgives Pry comes, kisses his hand, forgives him, and then Achilles surreners himself him, and then Achilles surreners himself him, and then Achilles surreners himself to Pry. They be they cry together. Okay. to Pry. They be they cry together. Okay. to Pry. They be they cry together. Okay. So the source of salvation and So the source of salvation and So the source of salvation and redemption is in our hearts not in redemption is in our hearts not in redemption is in our hearts not in reason. You have to surrender yourself reason. You have to surrender yourself reason. You have to surrender yourself to your love either for the other people to your love either for the other people to your love either for the other people like Sonia or to God. That's where like Sonia or to God. That's where like Sonia or to God. That's where salvation salvation salvation is. is. is. Okay. All right. So the other great Okay. All right. So the other great Okay. All right. So the other great novel of Dosski is called the brothers novel of Dosski is called the brothers novel of Dosski is called the brothers uh Kamazov. Okay. Um, and it's much too uh Kamazov. Okay. Um, and it's much too uh Kamazov. Okay. Um, and it's much too long to read, but there's a very long to read, but there's a very long to read, but there's a very important passage within a novel. It's important passage within a novel. It's important passage within a novel. It's about a thousand pages called the Grand about a thousand pages called the Grand about a thousand pages called the Grand Inquisitor. The Grand Inquisitor, he is Inquisitor. The Grand Inquisitor, he is Inquisitor. The Grand Inquisitor, he is in charge of the Inquisition in Spain. in charge of the Inquisition in Spain. in charge of the Inquisition in Spain. And as you know, the Inquisition in And as you know, the Inquisition in And as you know, the Inquisition in Spain in 1492. It is horrific. Spain in 1492. It is horrific. Spain in 1492. It is horrific. Christians um who have who are who have Christians um who have who are who have Christians um who have who are who have their own ideas are being persecuted. their own ideas are being persecuted. their own ideas are being persecuted. They're being slaughtered. Okay? And it They're being slaughtered. Okay? And it They're being slaughtered. Okay? And it is a nightmare. So, what happens is is a nightmare. So, what happens is is a nightmare. So, what happens is Jesus in heaven, he sees this pain. He Jesus in heaven, he sees this pain. He Jesus in heaven, he sees this pain. He sees his suffering and it bothers him. sees his suffering and it bothers him. sees his suffering and it bothers him. So he descends to the earth and when he So he descends to the earth and when he So he descends to the earth and when he he's walking among men and right away he's walking among men and right away he's walking among men and right away people recognize who he is. They um people recognize who he is. They um people recognize who he is. They um worship him. Then he's dragged before worship him. Then he's dragged before worship him. Then he's dragged before the Grand Inquisitor. He becomes a the Grand Inquisitor. He becomes a the Grand Inquisitor. He becomes a prisoner to the Grand Inquisitor. And at prisoner to the Grand Inquisitor. And at prisoner to the Grand Inquisitor. And at this point you would think the Grand this point you would think the Grand this point you would think the Grand Inquisitor would be happy to see his Inquisitor would be happy to see his Inquisitor would be happy to see his God. Instead he gets really really angry God. Instead he gets really really angry God. Instead he gets really really angry at Jesus. Okay. at Jesus. Okay. at Jesus. Okay. Thou did not love them at all. Thou who Thou did not love them at all. Thou who Thou did not love them at all. Thou who did come to give thy life for them did come to give thy life for them did come to give thy life for them instead of taking possession of man's instead of taking possession of man's instead of taking possession of man's freedom, you did increase it and burden freedom, you did increase it and burden freedom, you did increase it and burden the spiritual kingdom of mankind with the spiritual kingdom of mankind with the spiritual kingdom of mankind with its suffering forever. You did desire its suffering forever. You did desire its suffering forever. You did desire man's free love that he should follow man's free love that he should follow man's free love that he should follow you freely, entice and taken captive by you freely, entice and taken captive by you freely, entice and taken captive by you. In place of the rich and ancient you. In place of the rich and ancient you. In place of the rich and ancient law, men must hereafter with free heart law, men must hereafter with free heart law, men must hereafter with free heart decide for himself what is good and what decide for himself what is good and what decide for himself what is good and what is evil, having only your image before is evil, having only your image before is evil, having only your image before him as his guide. But did you not know him as his guide. But did you not know him as his guide. But did you not know that he would at last reject even your that he would at last reject even your that he would at last reject even your image and your truth if he is weighed image and your truth if he is weighed image and your truth if he is weighed down with a fearful burden of free down with a fearful burden of free down with a fearful burden of free choice? They will cry aloud at last that choice? They will cry aloud at last that choice? They will cry aloud at last that the truth is not in you. For they could the truth is not in you. For they could the truth is not in you. For they could not have been left in greater confusion not have been left in greater confusion not have been left in greater confusion and suffering than you have caused, and suffering than you have caused, and suffering than you have caused, laying upon them so many cares and laying upon them so many cares and laying upon them so many cares and unanswered unanswerable problems. Okay. Okay. So the idea here is this. So Okay. Okay. So the idea here is this. So one question that Jesus would have for one question that Jesus would have for one question that Jesus would have for the Grand Inquisitor the Grand Inquisitor the Grand Inquisitor is I sacrificed myself to free my people is I sacrificed myself to free my people is I sacrificed myself to free my people to give people the free choice, free to give people the free choice, free to give people the free choice, free will to love me freely. Instead, you will to love me freely. Instead, you will to love me freely. Instead, you guys have built this great Christian guys have built this great Christian guys have built this great Christian empire, the Catholic Church to oppress empire, the Catholic Church to oppress empire, the Catholic Church to oppress everyone. Why did you do that? And the everyone. Why did you do that? And the everyone. Why did you do that? And the grandchild is saying to him, it's grandchild is saying to him, it's grandchild is saying to him, it's because people don't want free choice. because people don't want free choice. because people don't want free choice. People don't want free will. They only People don't want free will. They only People don't want free will. They only told what to do and you refuse to be told what to do and you refuse to be told what to do and you refuse to be their king. You refuse to be their their king. You refuse to be their their king. You refuse to be their emperor. You demand of them that they emperor. You demand of them that they emperor. You demand of them that they reason that they love you freely. And reason that they love you freely. And reason that they love you freely. And people don't want to don't want to do people don't want to don't want to do people don't want to don't want to do that. So we had no choice but to oppress that. So we had no choice but to oppress that. So we had no choice but to oppress people to build a church as a great people to build a church as a great people to build a church as a great oppressive empire in order to liberate oppressive empire in order to liberate oppressive empire in order to liberate people from the burden of free choice. people from the burden of free choice. people from the burden of free choice. Okay, does that make sense? That's the Okay, does that make sense? That's the Okay, does that make sense? That's the argument argument argument here. You did come to give here. You did come to give here. You did come to give Sorry. And how are the other weak ones Sorry. And how are the other weak ones Sorry. And how are the other weak ones to blame because they could not endure to blame because they could not endure to blame because they could not endure what the strong have endured? How's the what the strong have endured? How's the what the strong have endured? How's the weak sort of to blame that it is unable weak sort of to blame that it is unable weak sort of to blame that it is unable to receive such terrible gifts? Can you to receive such terrible gifts? Can you to receive such terrible gifts? Can you have simply come to the elect and for have simply come to the elect and for have simply come to the elect and for the elect? He's also saying to Jesus, the elect? He's also saying to Jesus, the elect? He's also saying to Jesus, listen, you tell us that only by listen, you tell us that only by listen, you tell us that only by believing in you freely can we be believing in you freely can we be believing in you freely can we be redeemed. But that takes power. That redeemed. But that takes power. That redeemed. But that takes power. That takes strength. What about those who takes strength. What about those who takes strength. What about those who cannot do such a thing? How about the cannot do such a thing? How about the cannot do such a thing? How about the weak? How about the lost? Will you weak? How about the lost? Will you weak? How about the lost? Will you condemn them to condemn them to condemn them to hell? That's not very hell? That's not very hell? That's not very merciful. Okay. Okay. So, this is how the story Okay. Okay. So, this is how the story ends. When the inquisitor sees speaking, ends. When the inquisitor sees speaking, ends. When the inquisitor sees speaking, he waited some time for his prisoner he waited some time for his prisoner he waited some time for his prisoner Jesus to answer him. His silence weighed Jesus to answer him. His silence weighed Jesus to answer him. His silence weighed down upon him. He saw the prisoner have down upon him. He saw the prisoner have down upon him. He saw the prisoner have listened intently all the time, looking listened intently all the time, looking listened intently all the time, looking gently in his face and Emily not wishing gently in his face and Emily not wishing gently in his face and Emily not wishing to reply. The old man long longed for to reply. The old man long longed for to reply. The old man long longed for him to say something, however bitter and him to say something, however bitter and him to say something, however bitter and terrible, but he suddenly approached the terrible, but he suddenly approached the terrible, but he suddenly approached the old man in silence and softly kissed him old man in silence and softly kissed him old man in silence and softly kissed him on his bloodless age lips. That was all on his bloodless age lips. That was all on his bloodless age lips. That was all his answer. The old man shuddered, his his answer. The old man shuddered, his his answer. The old man shuddered, his lips moved. He went to the door, opened lips moved. He went to the door, opened lips moved. He went to the door, opened it, and said to him, "Go and come no it, and said to him, "Go and come no it, and said to him, "Go and come no more. Come not at all. Never, never." more. Come not at all. Never, never." more. Come not at all. Never, never." and he let him out into the dark alleys and he let him out into the dark alleys and he let him out into the dark alleys of the town. The prisoner went away and of the town. The prisoner went away and of the town. The prisoner went away and the old man the kiss glows in his heart the old man the kiss glows in his heart the old man the kiss glows in his heart but the old man aderes to his idea. All but the old man aderes to his idea. All but the old man aderes to his idea. All right. So what this is saying is right. So what this is saying is right. So what this is saying is this the grand inquisitor he has this the grand inquisitor he has this the grand inquisitor he has this novel. He has this philosophy of this novel. He has this philosophy of this novel. He has this philosophy of why Jesus is bad of why we should why Jesus is bad of why we should why Jesus is bad of why we should worship Satan of why we need an empire worship Satan of why we need an empire worship Satan of why we need an empire why we need oppression. And it all makes why we need oppression. And it all makes why we need oppression. And it all makes sense. Okay. And now Jesus must respond. sense. Okay. And now Jesus must respond. sense. Okay. And now Jesus must respond. And Jesus responds with an act of And Jesus responds with an act of And Jesus responds with an act of forgiveness, with an act of charity. He forgiveness, with an act of charity. He forgiveness, with an act of charity. He kisses the Grand Inquisitor. And this is kisses the Grand Inquisitor. And this is kisses the Grand Inquisitor. And this is exactly like Pry kissing Achilles, exactly like Pry kissing Achilles, exactly like Pry kissing Achilles, right? Prime didn't go to reason with right? Prime didn't go to reason with right? Prime didn't go to reason with Achilles. Pry went to kiss Achilles hand Achilles. Pry went to kiss Achilles hand Achilles. Pry went to kiss Achilles hand to forgive him. Okay. Now, what's to forgive him. Okay. Now, what's to forgive him. Okay. Now, what's important for us to understand is the important for us to understand is the important for us to understand is the kiss glows in his heart. The old man kiss glows in his heart. The old man kiss glows in his heart. The old man aderes to his idea. We can't change aderes to his idea. We can't change aderes to his idea. We can't change someone's reason ever, but we can someone's reason ever, but we can someone's reason ever, but we can change his heart with an act of mercy change his heart with an act of mercy change his heart with an act of mercy and forgiveness and love. That's a and forgiveness and love. That's a and forgiveness and love. That's a secret of humanity. The bay gets you secret of humanity. The bay gets you secret of humanity. The bay gets you nowhere because people are stubborn nowhere because people are stubborn nowhere because people are stubborn about their ideas. But the heart, even about their ideas. But the heart, even about their ideas. But the heart, even though it's a though it's a though it's a mystery, it's still loving. It's still mystery, it's still loving. It's still mystery, it's still loving. It's still open. So if you touch it, you change open. So if you touch it, you change open. So if you touch it, you change people forever. Okay. All right. So, let's go back to Okay. All right. So, let's go back to the original question. Why did Putin the original question. Why did Putin the original question. Why did Putin invade Ukraine? What Putin has said over invade Ukraine? What Putin has said over invade Ukraine? What Putin has said over and over again is we invaded Ukraine to and over again is we invaded Ukraine to and over again is we invaded Ukraine to save Russian civilization. And that's save Russian civilization. And that's save Russian civilization. And that's the answer because for the Russians, the answer because for the Russians, the answer because for the Russians, their civilization is unique. It is their civilization is unique. It is their civilization is unique. It is distinct and it's beautiful. It's worth distinct and it's beautiful. It's worth distinct and it's beautiful. It's worth dying for. Okay. And the Okay. So um dying for. Okay. And the Okay. So um dying for. Okay. And the Okay. So um even though the Russian Empire is gone, even though the Russian Empire is gone, even though the Russian Empire is gone, Putin and Russians believe they are the Putin and Russians believe they are the Putin and Russians believe they are the heirs to the empire. Okay. So let's look heirs to the empire. Okay. So let's look heirs to the empire. Okay. So let's look at the differences between the American at the differences between the American at the differences between the American civilization and the Russian civilization and the Russian civilization and the Russian civilization to understand why this war civilization to understand why this war civilization to understand why this war happened. The Okay, sorry. Um to be very happened. The Okay, sorry. Um to be very happened. The Okay, sorry. Um to be very clear, this is how the America the clear, this is how the America the clear, this is how the America the Russians see the Americans. Okay, does Russians see the Americans. Okay, does Russians see the Americans. Okay, does that make sense? This is how the that make sense? This is how the that make sense? This is how the Russians see the Americans. First of Russians see the Americans. First of Russians see the Americans. First of all, they see the Americans extremely all, they see the Americans extremely all, they see the Americans extremely materialistic. Okay. The only thing that materialistic. Okay. The only thing that materialistic. Okay. The only thing that matters is things, buying things, matters is things, buying things, matters is things, buying things, consuming things, obtaining things. But consuming things, obtaining things. But consuming things, obtaining things. But not only that, but the Americans believe not only that, but the Americans believe not only that, but the Americans believe that this is the only good in the world. that this is the only good in the world. that this is the only good in the world. It's universal. Everyone, everyone wants It's universal. Everyone, everyone wants It's universal. Everyone, everyone wants to buy things. So, we should just let to buy things. So, we should just let to buy things. So, we should just let everyone buy things. And the Americans everyone buy things. And the Americans everyone buy things. And the Americans are expansionist, which means that not are expansionist, which means that not are expansionist, which means that not only is it right and good for people to only is it right and good for people to only is it right and good for people to buy things, but buy things, but buy things, but everyone should have the right to buy everyone should have the right to buy everyone should have the right to buy things. So if you are preventing people things. So if you are preventing people things. So if you are preventing people from buying things, you are a dictator. from buying things, you are a dictator. from buying things, you are a dictator. You are a You are a You are a tyrant. Okay? It is a responsibility to tyrant. Okay? It is a responsibility to tyrant. Okay? It is a responsibility to liberate the world so we can all become liberate the world so we can all become liberate the world so we can all become consumers. North Korea, Iran, they ought consumers. North Korea, Iran, they ought consumers. North Korea, Iran, they ought to be liberated so that their people can to be liberated so that their people can to be liberated so that their people can buy things from us. Okay? So that's the buy things from us. Okay? So that's the buy things from us. Okay? So that's the American civilization. The Russians American civilization. The Russians American civilization. The Russians think no, we are a spiritual people. We think no, we are a spiritual people. We think no, we are a spiritual people. We are unique and we demand sovereignty. We are unique and we demand sovereignty. We are unique and we demand sovereignty. We demand the right to live the lives we demand the right to live the lives we demand the right to live the lives we choose to live. We demand the right to choose to live. We demand the right to choose to live. We demand the right to be who we are. be who we are. be who we are. Okay? And if it Okay? And if it Okay? And if it means fighting America, if it means our means fighting America, if it means our means fighting America, if it means our deaths, if it means sacrifice, we will deaths, if it means sacrifice, we will deaths, if it means sacrifice, we will do so because our civilization is the do so because our civilization is the do so because our civilization is the greatest in the world. Because our greatest in the world. Because our greatest in the world. Because our conception of God is the correct conception of God is the correct conception of God is the correct conception. Because our truth is the conception. Because our truth is the conception. Because our truth is the real real real truth. All right? So in other words, truth. All right? So in other words, truth. All right? So in other words, this is really a class of this is really a class of this is really a class of civilizations. And in a class of civilizations. And in a class of civilizations. And in a class of civilizations, civilizations, civilizations, um there can only be one winner. There um there can only be one winner. There um there can only be one winner. There can be no compromise. Okay? So this war can be no compromise. Okay? So this war can be no compromise. Okay? So this war in Ukraine, it is signaling something in Ukraine, it is signaling something in Ukraine, it is signaling something much more devastating, much more um much more devastating, much more um much more devastating, much more um cataclysmic. All right? And cataclysmic. All right? And cataclysmic. All right? And so this is what's going on. All right? so this is what's going on. All right? so this is what's going on. All right? That's it, guys. Any That's it, guys. Any That's it, guys. Any questions? You questions? You questions? You guys, is is this clear to guys, is is this clear to guys, is is this clear to you? All right. Any you? All right. Any you? All right. Any questions about what we discussed? Yeah. Great. Yeah. So, right. So, you're Yeah. Great. Yeah. So, right. So, you're right. So, Russian literature is very right. So, Russian literature is very right. So, Russian literature is very romantic and the idea of romantism, it's romantic and the idea of romantism, it's romantic and the idea of romantism, it's a response to enlightenment, right? a response to enlightenment, right? a response to enlightenment, right? Because in enlightenment with Khan and Because in enlightenment with Khan and Because in enlightenment with Khan and Rouso, the argument is that reason is Rouso, the argument is that reason is Rouso, the argument is that reason is the ultimate salvation. Through reason the ultimate salvation. Through reason the ultimate salvation. Through reason you can save yourself and you can save you can save yourself and you can save you can save yourself and you can save civilization. Okay? If it's logical, civilization. Okay? If it's logical, civilization. Okay? If it's logical, then it's truthful. And the and the then it's truthful. And the and the then it's truthful. And the and the romantics and the idealist, sorry, the romantics and the idealist, sorry, the romantics and the idealist, sorry, the romantics are saying, "No, that's not romantics are saying, "No, that's not romantics are saying, "No, that's not true." Okay? And what DSKV doskev is true." Okay? And what DSKV doskev is true." Okay? And what DSKV doskev is saying is telling us that is that this saying is telling us that is that this saying is telling us that is that this is nonsense. Reason doesn't really get is nonsense. Reason doesn't really get is nonsense. Reason doesn't really get you anywhere. Okay? For reason, you can you anywhere. Okay? For reason, you can you anywhere. Okay? For reason, you can reason that it's okay to to kill reason that it's okay to to kill reason that it's okay to to kill millions of millions of millions of people. people. people. Okay? Logic doesn't really get you Okay? Logic doesn't really get you Okay? Logic doesn't really get you anywhere. What what you have to do is anywhere. What what you have to do is anywhere. What what you have to do is listen to your heart. Okay? Think about listen to your heart. Okay? Think about listen to your heart. Okay? Think about the the the heart. That's where the truth lies. All heart. That's where the truth lies. All heart. That's where the truth lies. All right? So, so it's very much a reaction right? So, so it's very much a reaction right? So, so it's very much a reaction against the enlightenment in Europe at against the enlightenment in Europe at against the enlightenment in Europe at this time. Okay. Dossiia is also saying this time. Okay. Dossiia is also saying this time. Okay. Dossiia is also saying like Toy Stoy westernization of Russia like Toy Stoy westernization of Russia like Toy Stoy westernization of Russia is only corrupting us. What we need to is only corrupting us. What we need to is only corrupting us. What we need to do is return to our true selves which is do is return to our true selves which is do is return to our true selves which is an orthodox civilization. Okay. Because an orthodox civilization. Okay. Because an orthodox civilization. Okay. Because that's that's a true that's that's a true that's that's a true Christianity. All Christianity. All Christianity. All right. Okay. So, great. Any more any right. Okay. So, great. Any more any right. Okay. So, great. Any more any more questions? is so pessimistic is so pessimistic and how can they still have okay that's a great question okay so the okay that's a great question okay so the question and it's wonderful question if question and it's wonderful question if question and it's wonderful question if I just said that Russians are fatalistic I just said that Russians are fatalistic I just said that Russians are fatalistic then how are they so resilient okay so then how are they so resilient okay so then how are they so resilient okay so um um you can't logically figure it out um you can't logically figure it out okay is is I can't logically explain to okay is is I can't logically explain to okay is is I can't logically explain to you the feeling, but it's like knowing you the feeling, but it's like knowing you the feeling, but it's like knowing that the world is doomed. Okay, we're that the world is doomed. Okay, we're that the world is doomed. Okay, we're heading towards doom and what we do heading towards doom and what we do heading towards doom and what we do isn't that important. It compels you to isn't that important. It compels you to isn't that important. It compels you to live your best live your best live your best life. Okay, so that's what meaning is. life. Okay, so that's what meaning is. life. Okay, so that's what meaning is. meaning is with the knowledge that the meaning is with the knowledge that the meaning is with the knowledge that the world is ultimately headed towards world is ultimately headed towards world is ultimately headed towards doom, you as a person are compelled to doom, you as a person are compelled to doom, you as a person are compelled to live your best life live your best life live your best life nonetheless. Okay? And that's a very um nonetheless. Okay? And that's a very um nonetheless. Okay? And that's a very um very pagan, very viking mentality. Okay? very pagan, very viking mentality. Okay? very pagan, very viking mentality. Okay? So before Christianity, this was true So before Christianity, this was true So before Christianity, this was true for for for for people. It's okay. the for for for for people. It's okay. the for for for for people. It's okay. the world is going to end. What matters world is going to end. What matters world is going to end. What matters is the life you lead is the life you lead is the life you lead today. Okay. So, um um so I mean it's today. Okay. So, um um so I mean it's today. Okay. So, um um so I mean it's problematic because I I mean problematic because I I mean problematic because I I mean Americanization, Americanization, Americanization, westernization has has such a huge westernization has has such a huge westernization has has such a huge impact on global culture, right? And we impact on global culture, right? And we impact on global culture, right? And we think that we think in very utilitarian think that we think in very utilitarian think that we think in very utilitarian terms. We should do something because it terms. We should do something because it terms. We should do something because it gets us somewhere. Okay? And Russian gets us somewhere. Okay? And Russian gets us somewhere. Okay? And Russian civilization, it's it's very much like civilization, it's it's very much like civilization, it's it's very much like we should do something because we know we should do something because we know we should do something because we know it doesn't get us anywhere. And that's it doesn't get us anywhere. And that's it doesn't get us anywhere. And that's what truth is. That's what life is what truth is. That's what life is what truth is. That's what life is about. That's the meaning of life. about. That's the meaning of life. about. That's the meaning of life. That's the purpose of life. Even though That's the purpose of life. Even though That's the purpose of life. Even though you know it won't get you anywhere, you you know it won't get you anywhere, you you know it won't get you anywhere, you should still do it because that's where should still do it because that's where should still do it because that's where the meaning is. Okay. If you think about the meaning is. Okay. If you think about the meaning is. Okay. If you think about it, um um if you if you go deeper, then it's um um if you if you go deeper, then it's also like a profound faith in God. Okay? also like a profound faith in God. Okay? also like a profound faith in God. Okay? Like you know the world is ending but Like you know the world is ending but Like you know the world is ending but you still work hard to make it better. you still work hard to make it better. you still work hard to make it better. And that's what faith in God really And that's what faith in God really And that's what faith in God really is. Does that make sense? If you know is. Does that make sense? If you know is. Does that make sense? If you know like if you do something and God rewards like if you do something and God rewards like if you do something and God rewards you, that's not faith really. Does that you, that's not faith really. Does that you, that's not faith really. Does that make sense? Okay. So, so I I I I make sense? Okay. So, so I I I I make sense? Okay. So, so I I I I understand it's really hard for us to understand it's really hard for us to understand it's really hard for us to understand, but what I'm trying to show understand, but what I'm trying to show understand, but what I'm trying to show you in this class is it's hard for us to you in this class is it's hard for us to you in this class is it's hard for us to understand because we think in a certain understand because we think in a certain understand because we think in a certain way. And if you think in a certain way, way. And if you think in a certain way, way. And if you think in a certain way, you have to use logic and reason and you have to use logic and reason and you have to use logic and reason and language. And what do the CCFC and Toy language. And what do the CCFC and Toy language. And what do the CCFC and Toy Story is telling us is like that's very Story is telling us is like that's very Story is telling us is like that's very limiting. Okay. Sometimes you have to limiting. Okay. Sometimes you have to limiting. Okay. Sometimes you have to listen to your heart and your heart listen to your heart and your heart listen to your heart and your heart knows I know the world is doomed because knows I know the world is doomed because knows I know the world is doomed because because that's just reality but because that's just reality but because that's just reality but nevertheless I have a responsibility to nevertheless I have a responsibility to nevertheless I have a responsibility to my children. I have a responsibility to my children. I have a responsibility to my children. I have a responsibility to my neighbors to the people I love to try my neighbors to the people I love to try my neighbors to the people I love to try my best my best my best regardless. And that's what faith in God regardless. And that's what faith in God regardless. And that's what faith in God that's what faith in each other that's that's what faith in each other that's that's what faith in each other that's what true love really is. Does that make what true love really is. Does that make what true love really is. Does that make sense? Okay. All right. Great great sense? Okay. All right. Great great sense? Okay. All right. Great great question though. question though. question though. And I'll be honest with you, I'm And I'll be honest with you, I'm And I'll be honest with you, I'm confused by this as well, okay? Because, confused by this as well, okay? Because, confused by this as well, okay? Because, you know, I I'm I'm so western in my you know, I I'm I'm so western in my you know, I I'm I'm so western in my thinking, but I think um again, it's thinking, but I think um again, it's thinking, but I think um again, it's it's you've got you have to train it's you've got you have to train it's you've got you have to train yourself not to be so logical at times, yourself not to be so logical at times, yourself not to be so logical at times, right? Okay. Any more right? Okay. Any more right? Okay. Any more questions? Does that make sense to you? questions? Does that make sense to you? questions? Does that make sense to you? Okay. Oh, great question. Why are the Russians Oh, great question. Why are the Russians so pessimistic? Okay, first of all, it's so pessimistic? Okay, first of all, it's so pessimistic? Okay, first of all, it's really cold in Russia. Okay, if you're really cold in Russia. Okay, if you're really cold in Russia. Okay, if you're if it's cold, you're not you're not that if it's cold, you're not you're not that if it's cold, you're not you're not that optimistic, right? Second of all, optimistic, right? Second of all, optimistic, right? Second of all, Russian civilization is is built on Russian civilization is is built on Russian civilization is is built on violence, right? violence, right? violence, right? Um the Americans basically went over and Um the Americans basically went over and Um the Americans basically went over and were able to steal the the continent were able to steal the the continent were able to steal the the continent from the natives. and they just didn't from the natives. and they just didn't from the natives. and they just didn't really put as put that much much of an really put as put that much much of an really put as put that much much of an existence. But Russia was built on existence. But Russia was built on existence. But Russia was built on tremendous violence. Not only did the tremendous violence. Not only did the tremendous violence. Not only did the Russians have to um get rid of the Russians have to um get rid of the Russians have to um get rid of the Mongols, they'd have to fight the Mongols, they'd have to fight the Mongols, they'd have to fight the Swedes, the Germans, uh the uh French, Swedes, the Germans, uh the uh French, Swedes, the Germans, uh the uh French, they fought everyone basically. It it they fought everyone basically. It it they fought everyone basically. It it was like a never- ending process of war. was like a never- ending process of war. was like a never- ending process of war. And then and then the their conflicts And then and then the their conflicts And then and then the their conflicts within their people. Okay. So Russia is within their people. Okay. So Russia is within their people. Okay. So Russia is a very violent society and so that leads a very violent society and so that leads a very violent society and so that leads to a natural pessimism. Okay. So another to a natural pessimism. Okay. So another to a natural pessimism. Okay. So another way of saying this is even though Russia way of saying this is even though Russia way of saying this is even though Russia is huge, it's not that many resources is huge, it's not that many resources is huge, it's not that many resources and people have to fight constantly and people have to fight constantly and people have to fight constantly fight over these resources whereas fight over these resources whereas fight over these resources whereas America it's huge, lots of resources and America it's huge, lots of resources and America it's huge, lots of resources and people if you work hard you can obtain a people if you work hard you can obtain a people if you work hard you can obtain a lot of resources. Okay? So that leads to lot of resources. Okay? So that leads to lot of resources. Okay? So that leads to a optimistic attitude. So the question a optimistic attitude. So the question a optimistic attitude. So the question really isn't why Russians are fatalistic really isn't why Russians are fatalistic really isn't why Russians are fatalistic because most people are fatalistic. The because most people are fatalistic. The because most people are fatalistic. The question really is why are Americans so question really is why are Americans so question really is why are Americans so optimistic, right? Okay. Does that make questions? Was this clear to you questions? Was this clear to you guys? Okay. I and I I I know it's hard. guys? Okay. I and I I I know it's hard. guys? Okay. I and I I I know it's hard. Okay. But but I I will say like um Okay. But but I I will say like um Okay. But but I I will say like um Russian civilization Russian civilization Russian civilization um even though I personally would would um even though I personally would would um even though I personally would would never want to live in Russia. Okay. U never want to live in Russia. Okay. U never want to live in Russia. Okay. U because there's a lot of racism in in in because there's a lot of racism in in in because there's a lot of racism in in in Russia. Um but it's it it is Russia. Um but it's it it is Russia. Um but it's it it is a unique beautiful a unique beautiful a unique beautiful civilization. Um and and I hope that in civilization. Um and and I hope that in civilization. Um and and I hope that in the future you have a chance to read the future you have a chance to read the future you have a chance to read Toys. Um because they are really the Toys. Um because they are really the Toys. Um because they are really the best novelists ever. Okay. So um next best novelists ever. Okay. So um next best novelists ever. Okay. So um next class we will start the uh Germans. class we will start the uh Germans. class we will start the uh Germans. Okay, German civilization.