Okay. Um, good morning. Today we do um, Okay. Um, good morning. Today we do um, Sim Freud. Uh, first what I will do is I Sim Freud. Uh, first what I will do is I Sim Freud. Uh, first what I will do is I will put Freud in the context of the will put Freud in the context of the will put Freud in the context of the western religious, intellectual and western religious, intellectual and western religious, intellectual and literary tradition. All right. So in the literary tradition. All right. So in the literary tradition. All right. So in the beginning um, the main religion for us beginning um, the main religion for us beginning um, the main religion for us humans during the, um, ice age was humans during the, um, ice age was humans during the, um, ice age was animism. Okay. And the idea of animism is that we Okay. And the idea of animism is that we humans are no are no different from humans are no are no different from humans are no are no different from every other living conscious being in every other living conscious being in every other living conscious being in the world. Uh we are like the trees. We the world. Uh we are like the trees. We the world. Uh we are like the trees. We are like the animals. We're all are like the animals. We're all are like the animals. We're all interconnected together. And life is interconnected together. And life is interconnected together. And life is just a cycle just a cycle just a cycle um of life and death, birth and rebirth. um of life and death, birth and rebirth. um of life and death, birth and rebirth. All right. And this is this religion is All right. And this is this religion is All right. And this is this religion is still around today in many primitive still around today in many primitive still around today in many primitive societies for example in the Amazon. And societies for example in the Amazon. And societies for example in the Amazon. And then we transition to the mother goddess. So as we became more goddess. So as we became more agricultural, fertility was more more agricultural, fertility was more more agricultural, fertility was more more important. We need to have more children important. We need to have more children important. We need to have more children and we needed to grow more crops. And so and we needed to grow more crops. And so and we needed to grow more crops. And so we began to worship the mother goddess we began to worship the mother goddess we began to worship the mother goddess and women were very high status at this and women were very high status at this and women were very high status at this stage in history. But as populations stage in history. But as populations stage in history. But as populations grew and towns came into being, they grew and towns came into being, they grew and towns came into being, they came into competition with each other. came into competition with each other. came into competition with each other. They start to war against each other. They start to war against each other. They start to war against each other. This created polytheism. Polytheism is the idea that polytheism. Polytheism is the idea that each place has its own god. That's its each place has its own god. That's its each place has its own god. That's its patron. And when these places come into patron. And when these places come into patron. And when these places come into conflict and war, the way they settle conflict and war, the way they settle conflict and war, the way they settle disputes is the losing party, their god disputes is the losing party, their god disputes is the losing party, their god becomes servant to the winning god. And becomes servant to the winning god. And becomes servant to the winning god. And this creates the idea of the pantheon this creates the idea of the pantheon this creates the idea of the pantheon that we see in Greek Roman mythologies that we see in Greek Roman mythologies that we see in Greek Roman mythologies as well as Norse mythologies. Now the as well as Norse mythologies. Now the as well as Norse mythologies. Now the radical break from this tradition was radical break from this tradition was radical break from this tradition was the birth of the birth of the birth of montheism. Now um there's going to be a montheism. Now um there's going to be a montheism. Now um there's going to be a lot of scholarly debate about which was lot of scholarly debate about which was lot of scholarly debate about which was the first monotheistic religion. Some the first monotheistic religion. Some the first monotheistic religion. Some say um there are certain Egyptian cults say um there are certain Egyptian cults say um there are certain Egyptian cults that were monotheistic. Some say the that were monotheistic. Some say the that were monotheistic. Some say the Jews were. Some say the Zoroastrians Jews were. Some say the Zoroastrians Jews were. Some say the Zoroastrians were. in this class. Um, what you what were. in this class. Um, what you what were. in this class. Um, what you what you learn is actually it was the you learn is actually it was the you learn is actually it was the Christians who were the first true Christians who were the first true Christians who were the first true monotheistic religion. And the reason monotheistic religion. And the reason monotheistic religion. And the reason why is the Christians introduced the why is the Christians introduced the why is the Christians introduced the idea of the Holy Trinity. Okay? And remember what the Trinity. Okay? And remember what the Holy Trinity is. The Holy Trinity. The Holy Trinity is. The Holy Trinity. The Holy Trinity is. The Holy Trinity. The idea is idea is idea is God, God, God, Jesus, and the Holy Jesus, and the Holy Jesus, and the Holy Spirit. These are Spirit. These are Spirit. These are different entities, but they are different entities, but they are different entities, but they are co-equal to each other. They are co-equal to each other. They are co-equal to each other. They are separate but unified. They are different separate but unified. They are different separate but unified. They are different but equal. And this idea um it's very but equal. And this idea um it's very but equal. And this idea um it's very hard for us to logically reconcile. The hard for us to logically reconcile. The hard for us to logically reconcile. The only way for us to understand this is if only way for us to understand this is if only way for us to understand this is if God is both nothing and everything. God is both nothing and everything. God is both nothing and everything. Therefore, it excludes everything. There Therefore, it excludes everything. There Therefore, it excludes everything. There can be no other God with our God. Okay? can be no other God with our God. Okay? can be no other God with our God. Okay? And this is the idea of montheism. And this is the idea of montheism. And this is the idea of montheism. And the power of montheism is that for And the power of montheism is that for And the power of montheism is that for the first time in human history, it the first time in human history, it the first time in human history, it creates the idea of the individual creates the idea of the individual creates the idea of the individual because when God is because when God is because when God is everything, you have a direct connection everything, you have a direct connection everything, you have a direct connection with God and it removes you from the with God and it removes you from the with God and it removes you from the community. Okay? Now this will create a lot of problems Now this will create a lot of problems in the future. in the future. in the future. But at this point in history, remember But at this point in history, remember But at this point in history, remember monotheism is being promoted by the monotheism is being promoted by the monotheism is being promoted by the Roman Empire as a way to consolidate its Roman Empire as a way to consolidate its Roman Empire as a way to consolidate its rule over its vast territory. At this rule over its vast territory. At this rule over its vast territory. At this stage in history, this is not a problem. stage in history, this is not a problem. stage in history, this is not a problem. And the reason why is mediating you and And the reason why is mediating you and And the reason why is mediating you and God is the Catholic God is the Catholic God is the Catholic Church. But not only that, the Catholic Church. But not only that, the Catholic Church. But not only that, the Catholic Church Church Church mediates God for everyone. So in this mediates God for everyone. So in this mediates God for everyone. So in this way the church create its own way the church create its own way the church create its own community. Okay. So at this stage in community. Okay. So at this stage in community. Okay. So at this stage in history this is not a problem. But history this is not a problem. But history this is not a problem. But remember remember remember um the church becomes corrupt and there um the church becomes corrupt and there um the church becomes corrupt and there are many religious form reformers who are many religious form reformers who are many religious form reformers who believe that you don't really need the believe that you don't really need the believe that you don't really need the church in order to access God. In fact, church in order to access God. In fact, church in order to access God. In fact, you have a more imperative to access God you have a more imperative to access God you have a more imperative to access God directly through the Bible. You have to directly through the Bible. You have to directly through the Bible. You have to read the B Bible by yourself. You have read the B Bible by yourself. You have read the B Bible by yourself. You have to interpret it properly. Okay? And so to interpret it properly. Okay? And so to interpret it properly. Okay? And so obviously the most sim reformer is obviously the most sim reformer is obviously the most sim reformer is Martin Luther. Now this is important Martin Luther. Now this is important Martin Luther. Now this is important because what will happen is by limiting because what will happen is by limiting because what will happen is by limiting the church you create direct direct the church you create direct direct the church you create direct direct access to God and this creates the idea access to God and this creates the idea access to God and this creates the idea of of of crisis in faith. The idea of crisis in faith The idea of crisis in faith is how do you truly know as a person is how do you truly know as a person is how do you truly know as a person whether or not you love God and how do whether or not you love God and how do whether or not you love God and how do you know God loves you? Think about your you know God loves you? Think about your you know God loves you? Think about your mother, right? You know your mother mother, right? You know your mother mother, right? You know your mother loves you and you know you love your loves you and you know you love your loves you and you know you love your mother, but there are many days when you mother, but there are many days when you mother, but there are many days when you really hate your mother and you fight really hate your mother and you fight really hate your mother and you fight with your with your with your mother. Okay. So, um it's hard for us mother. Okay. So, um it's hard for us mother. Okay. So, um it's hard for us not to doubt ourselves. And so, this not to doubt ourselves. And so, this not to doubt ourselves. And so, this creates the crisis in faith because creates the crisis in faith because creates the crisis in faith because um in um in um in Protestantism, you are required to show Protestantism, you are required to show Protestantism, you are required to show absolute faith and devotion in God. If absolute faith and devotion in God. If absolute faith and devotion in God. If you doubt, if you hesitate, you will be you doubt, if you hesitate, you will be you doubt, if you hesitate, you will be condemned to hell. Right? So, this great condemned to hell. Right? So, this great condemned to hell. Right? So, this great idea of crisis and faith. Um idea of crisis and faith. Um idea of crisis and faith. Um historically, there have been many historically, there have been many historically, there have been many solutions to this problem. different um solutions to this problem. different um solutions to this problem. different um uh prophets have proposed different uh prophets have proposed different uh prophets have proposed different solutions. So let's look at three solutions. So let's look at three solutions. So let's look at three different solutions. All right. So the different solutions. All right. So the different solutions. All right. So the first solution is the idea of first solution is the idea of first solution is the idea of wealth wealth wealth accumulation. All right. So the these accumulation. All right. So the these accumulation. All right. So the these are the Calvinists, right? They argue are the Calvinists, right? They argue are the Calvinists, right? They argue that to show your true faith in that to show your true faith in that to show your true faith in God and for you to prove to yourself God God and for you to prove to yourself God God and for you to prove to yourself God truly loves truly loves truly loves you, you make a lot of money. Right? you, you make a lot of money. Right? you, you make a lot of money. Right? That is a testament to the power of your That is a testament to the power of your That is a testament to the power of your faith, wealth accumulation. So that's faith, wealth accumulation. So that's faith, wealth accumulation. So that's one solution. It's a very popular one solution. It's a very popular one solution. It's a very popular solution. It's what gives us capitalism solution. It's what gives us capitalism solution. It's what gives us capitalism today. The second solution is that if jihad, you will die for your faith. jihad, you will die for your faith. You'll sacrifice yourself to promote the You'll sacrifice yourself to promote the You'll sacrifice yourself to promote the truth of God. Right? That's also a truth of God. Right? That's also a truth of God. Right? That's also a solution. Um and then there's one more solution. Um and then there's one more solution. Um and then there's one more solution that we will discuss today and solution that we will discuss today and solution that we will discuss today and it's hard for us to truly understand. So it's hard for us to truly understand. So it's hard for us to truly understand. So I'm I'm going to take some time to I'm I'm going to take some time to I'm I'm going to take some time to explain it fully. Okay. This is the idea explain it fully. Okay. This is the idea explain it fully. Okay. This is the idea of transgression. So um let me explain it transgression. So um let me explain it to you slowly. The idea is this. to you slowly. The idea is this. to you slowly. The idea is this. You must demonstrate complete and abute You must demonstrate complete and abute You must demonstrate complete and abute faith in God to be one of the elect to faith in God to be one of the elect to faith in God to be one of the elect to go to go to go to heaven. To do so, you must demonstrate heaven. To do so, you must demonstrate heaven. To do so, you must demonstrate courage. Um you must um demonstrate courage. Um you must um demonstrate courage. Um you must um demonstrate fanaticism. fanaticism. fanaticism. The best way to do that is to prove The best way to do that is to prove The best way to do that is to prove yourself to God by rejecting the laws of yourself to God by rejecting the laws of yourself to God by rejecting the laws of men, by rejecting human men, by rejecting human men, by rejecting human morality, by morality, by morality, by um rejecting social taboos, by breaking um rejecting social taboos, by breaking um rejecting social taboos, by breaking social taboss demonstrate your faith in social taboss demonstrate your faith in social taboss demonstrate your faith in God. Right? Now, I know this sounds like God. Right? Now, I know this sounds like God. Right? Now, I know this sounds like a strange idea. Um but let me give you a strange idea. Um but let me give you a strange idea. Um but let me give you an example to show you what this means. an example to show you what this means. an example to show you what this means. Let's just say that in school I decide Let's just say that in school I decide Let's just say that in school I decide to start a new class and this new class to start a new class and this new class to start a new class and this new class is called individual is called individual is called individual empowerment. And my very first empowerment. And my very first empowerment. And my very first assignment to all my students is I want assignment to all my students is I want assignment to all my students is I want you guys to go shoplift. I want you guys you guys to go shoplift. I want you guys you guys to go shoplift. I want you guys to go steal a piece of candy from a to go steal a piece of candy from a to go steal a piece of candy from a small small small store. And of course you are disgusted store. And of course you are disgusted store. And of course you are disgusted and you are appalled by this suggestion. and you are appalled by this suggestion. and you are appalled by this suggestion. What if you get caught? Well, you might What if you get caught? Well, you might What if you get caught? Well, you might get expelled from school. You might be get expelled from school. You might be get expelled from school. You might be uh jailed. Your parents may punish you. uh jailed. Your parents may punish you. uh jailed. Your parents may punish you. You may be outcast from You may be outcast from You may be outcast from society. And then I tell you as And then society. And then I tell you as And then society. And then I tell you as And then I tell you, have faith. I tell you, have faith. I tell you, have faith. Trust me, when you do this and you break Trust me, when you do this and you break Trust me, when you do this and you break the social taboo that's preventing you the social taboo that's preventing you the social taboo that's preventing you from real realizing your full potential, from real realizing your full potential, from real realizing your full potential, you will feel an extreme sense of you will feel an extreme sense of you will feel an extreme sense of exhilaration, liberation, excitement, exhilaration, liberation, excitement, exhilaration, liberation, excitement, and this and this and this will motivate you to do greater things will motivate you to do greater things will motivate you to do greater things in life. By breaking taboos, by in life. By breaking taboos, by in life. By breaking taboos, by transgression against society and transgression against society and transgression against society and showing your true faith in showing your true faith in showing your true faith in God, you will master your God, you will master your God, you will master your destiny. Okay? And so you guys go and destiny. Okay? And so you guys go and destiny. Okay? And so you guys go and you go steal something from the store. you go steal something from the store. you go steal something from the store. You get away with it and guess what? You You get away with it and guess what? You You get away with it and guess what? You feel excited. You feel exhilarated. You feel excited. You feel exhilarated. You feel excited. You feel exhilarated. You feel energized. Okay? And that's the feel energized. Okay? And that's the feel energized. Okay? And that's the idea of transgression. And um this has idea of transgression. And um this has idea of transgression. And um this has always been a very uh um this and and always been a very uh um this and and always been a very uh um this and and this has been around for us for like this has been around for us for like this has been around for us for like hundreds of years as well. Okay. So hundreds of years as well. Okay. So hundreds of years as well. Okay. So these are the three main ways that these are the three main ways that these are the three main ways that historically historically historically um the religious practitioners um the religious practitioners um the religious practitioners practitioners practitioners have tried practitioners practitioners have tried practitioners practitioners have tried to resolve the issue of the crisis of to resolve the issue of the crisis of to resolve the issue of the crisis of the faith right wealth accumulation the faith right wealth accumulation the faith right wealth accumulation that's a Calvinist jihad and but you you that's a Calvinist jihad and but you you that's a Calvinist jihad and but you you also have transgression. Remember also have transgression. Remember also have transgression. Remember transgression it's very important for transgression it's very important for transgression it's very important for discussion. Okay. So remember this idea. discussion. Okay. So remember this idea. discussion. Okay. So remember this idea. Now um another way to resolve the crisis Now um another way to resolve the crisis Now um another way to resolve the crisis of faith is through philosophy. Epistemology. Epistemology. Epistemology Epistemology. Epistemology. Epistemology is really just means the theory of is really just means the theory of is really just means the theory of knowledge. How do knowledge. How do knowledge. How do ideas come together? Where does ideas come together? Where does ideas come together? Where does knowledge come from? How do we know what knowledge come from? How do we know what knowledge come from? How do we know what we know? Right? Right? Because the we know? Right? Right? Because the we know? Right? Right? Because the crisis of crisis of faith is essentially crisis of crisis of faith is essentially crisis of crisis of faith is essentially how do we know? So episemology is really how do we know? So episemology is really how do we know? So episemology is really um philosophy's attempt to resolve this um philosophy's attempt to resolve this um philosophy's attempt to resolve this crisis of faith. Remember before we crisis of faith. Remember before we crisis of faith. Remember before we discussed Kant Kant and Kant proposed the idea of subjectivity. Active subjectivity is the subjectivity. Active subjectivity is the idea that we are not just passive idea that we are not just passive idea that we are not just passive uh consumers of information. We actively uh consumers of information. We actively uh consumers of information. We actively participate in reality. We imagine participate in reality. We imagine participate in reality. We imagine reality in a way that allows us to reality in a way that allows us to reality in a way that allows us to understand understand understand it. Um what Khan tells us it. Um what Khan tells us it. Um what Khan tells us is we imagine space and time onto is we imagine space and time onto is we imagine space and time onto reality which creates a world of reality which creates a world of reality which creates a world of appearance for us to understand. The appearance for us to understand. The appearance for us to understand. The problem with Kant problem with Kant problem with Kant is what is reality and Kant doesn't is what is reality and Kant doesn't is what is reality and Kant doesn't know. In fact, he tells us it is know. In fact, he tells us it is know. In fact, he tells us it is impossible to truly understand reality. impossible to truly understand reality. impossible to truly understand reality. And this creates a problem because if And this creates a problem because if And this creates a problem because if that's the case, then how do we know if that's the case, then how do we know if that's the case, then how do we know if reality exists or not? It's entirely reality exists or not? It's entirely reality exists or not? It's entirely possible that we are in a computer possible that we are in a computer possible that we are in a computer simulation, right? simulation, right? simulation, right? So, so So, so So, so Hegel comes along and resolves this Hegel comes along and resolves this Hegel comes along and resolves this issue by introducing the idea of the issue by introducing the idea of the issue by introducing the idea of the gist. Okay, the gist, the spirit, the gist. Okay, the gist, the spirit, the gist. Okay, the gist, the spirit, the mind. He argues that this is the mind. He argues that this is the mind. He argues that this is the manifestation of God that is the manifestation of God that is the manifestation of God that is the underlying basis of all underlying basis of all underlying basis of all reality. And from this reality comes the reality. And from this reality comes the reality. And from this reality comes the material world. What what will then happen is that What what will then happen is that Marx will come along and he will argue Marx will come along and he will argue Marx will come along and he will argue that Gist is really that Gist is really that Gist is really history. Hegel believes that the Gist is history. Hegel believes that the Gist is history. Hegel believes that the Gist is in a process of rec reconciling itself in a process of rec reconciling itself in a process of rec reconciling itself with the world. It's becoming the world. with the world. It's becoming the world. with the world. It's becoming the world. It's bringing us along with it so that It's bringing us along with it so that It's bringing us along with it so that one day everyone will achieve full one day everyone will achieve full one day everyone will achieve full enlightenment. enlightenment. enlightenment. Markx inverts Hegel and puts the Markx inverts Hegel and puts the Markx inverts Hegel and puts the material world before the world of ideas material world before the world of ideas material world before the world of ideas and he argues that history it is a and he argues that history it is a and he argues that history it is a movement of class movement of class movement of class struggle and the end of history is when struggle and the end of history is when struggle and the end of history is when all class struggle ceases and we all all class struggle ceases and we all all class struggle ceases and we all become equal in a workers's become equal in a workers's become equal in a workers's paradise. Why? Because as capitalism paradise. Why? Because as capitalism paradise. Why? Because as capitalism becomes worse and worse, as the politer becomes worse and worse, as the politer becomes worse and worse, as the politer increase in number but are exploited in increase in number but are exploited in increase in number but are exploited in greater uh but but are greater uh but but are greater uh but but are oppressed by the capitalists, eventually oppressed by the capitalists, eventually oppressed by the capitalists, eventually the polit you and me will develop class the polit you and me will develop class the polit you and me will develop class consciousness and we will unite. We will consciousness and we will unite. We will consciousness and we will unite. We will overthrow the capitalist class through overthrow the capitalist class through overthrow the capitalist class through collective action. Okay. So this is Markx. Now today we Okay. So this is Markx. Now today we will study Freud because what will will study Freud because what will will study Freud because what will happen is Freud will come along and he happen is Freud will come along and he happen is Freud will come along and he will present a completely different will present a completely different will present a completely different conception of the movement of history conception of the movement of history conception of the movement of history and of the individual. He and of the individual. He and of the individual. He argues that the individual is really argues that the individual is really argues that the individual is really just unconscious forces embedded within just unconscious forces embedded within just unconscious forces embedded within the the the brain. Okay. So these three forces are brain. Okay. So these three forces are brain. Okay. So these three forces are the the the superego, the superego, the superego, the ego and the ego and the ego and the id. The ego is who we think we are. The id. The ego is who we think we are. The id. The ego is who we think we are. The super ego are these social forces that super ego are these social forces that super ego are these social forces that act upon us. And the it are these hidden act upon us. And the it are these hidden act upon us. And the it are these hidden sexual urges. And what he will argue is sexual urges. And what he will argue is sexual urges. And what he will argue is actually these hidden sexual urges are actually these hidden sexual urges are actually these hidden sexual urges are the true foundations of who we are as the true foundations of who we are as the true foundations of who we are as well as of civilization. And he names well as of civilization. And he names well as of civilization. And he names two of them. Okay. The first is is what two of them. Okay. The first is is what two of them. Okay. The first is is what is called the edypole. The edypole edypole. The edypole complex. And the second is electro complex. So remember complex. So remember that Edypuz is a character from Greek that Edypuz is a character from Greek that Edypuz is a character from Greek mythology, a king who killed his father mythology, a king who killed his father mythology, a king who killed his father and married his mother. Electra is also and married his mother. Electra is also and married his mother. Electra is also a character from uh Greek mythology. Um a character from uh Greek mythology. Um a character from uh Greek mythology. Um a woman who wanted to kill um her um a woman who wanted to kill um her um a woman who wanted to kill um her um mother and marry his father. Okay. Uh, mother and marry his father. Okay. Uh, mother and marry his father. Okay. Uh, lecture is from the ishelist play the lecture is from the ishelist play the lecture is from the ishelist play the aria. Um, Freud was remarkably well read aria. Um, Freud was remarkably well read aria. Um, Freud was remarkably well read in Greek mythology as well as world in Greek mythology as well as world in Greek mythology as well as world literature. So he argues these are the literature. So he argues these are the literature. So he argues these are the two fundamental basis of who we are. If two fundamental basis of who we are. If two fundamental basis of who we are. If you are a man, you have the edible you are a man, you have the edible you are a man, you have the edible complex. If you have if you're a woman, complex. If you have if you're a woman, complex. If you have if you're a woman, you are the you have the electro you are the you have the electro you are the you have the electro complex. Okay. Now, complex. Okay. Now, complex. Okay. Now, um, this is all strange um, this is all strange um, this is all strange because, Kant makes sense, Hegel makes because, Kant makes sense, Hegel makes because, Kant makes sense, Hegel makes sense, Markx makes sense, and they all sense, Markx makes sense, and they all sense, Markx makes sense, and they all seem to flow from each other. And then seem to flow from each other. And then seem to flow from each other. And then you have you have you have Freud. Okay. So, the question then is Freud. Okay. So, the question then is Freud. Okay. So, the question then is where did he get this where did he get this where did he get this idea? Where where's this from? How did idea? Where where's this from? How did idea? Where where's this from? How did he develop this idea? All right. So, so, he develop this idea? All right. So, so, he develop this idea? All right. So, so, so, so we'll look at this question in so, so we'll look at this question in so, so we'll look at this question in great detail today. All right. So, at, great detail today. All right. So, at, great detail today. All right. So, at, so um, everyone sort of knew that so um, everyone sort of knew that so um, everyone sort of knew that Freud's theory of Freud's theory of Freud's theory of unconscious is problematic. Um, and he had a very problematic. Um, and he had a very famous student, his best student, his famous student, his best student, his famous student, his best student, his hair parent named Carl Young. And Carl Young really saw Freud as a And Carl Young really saw Freud as a father and he worshiped Freud and he father and he worshiped Freud and he father and he worshiped Freud and he wanted to improve on Freud's theory of wanted to improve on Freud's theory of wanted to improve on Freud's theory of the unconscious and over time what Carl the unconscious and over time what Carl the unconscious and over time what Carl Young will do is he will systemize this Young will do is he will systemize this Young will do is he will systemize this idea. Okay. So for Carl idea. Okay. So for Carl idea. Okay. So for Carl Young we have the Young we have the Young we have the ego and the ego and the ego and the ego is made up of two forces. the ego is made up of two forces. the ego is made up of two forces. the conscious conscious conscious force and force and force and the the the subconscious. The subconscious is also subconscious. The subconscious is also subconscious. The subconscious is also divided into the divided into the divided into the personal as well as the collective. Sorry, uh it's not collective. Sorry, uh it's not subconscious, unconscious. Okay, subconscious, unconscious. Okay, subconscious, unconscious. Okay, unconscious. So the personal conscious unconscious. So the personal conscious unconscious. So the personal conscious are just our our memories, our are just our our memories, our are just our our memories, our experiences. The collective experiences. The collective experiences. The collective unconscious is the unconscious is the unconscious is the collection of all society's memories and collection of all society's memories and collection of all society's memories and experiences. Um, and they are captured experiences. Um, and they are captured experiences. Um, and they are captured and expressed whenever we engage in and expressed whenever we engage in and expressed whenever we engage in society, when we eat the food, when we society, when we eat the food, when we society, when we eat the food, when we talk to people, when we watch movies, talk to people, when we watch movies, talk to people, when we watch movies, when we read books. Okay, the collective when we read books. Okay, the collective when we read books. Okay, the collective unconscious is embedded through society. unconscious is embedded through society. unconscious is embedded through society. You breathe it like you would breathe You breathe it like you would breathe You breathe it like you would breathe air. air. air. Okay. So um con uh sorry Euan also says Okay. So um con uh sorry Euan also says Okay. So um con uh sorry Euan also says that we have the that we have the that we have the animus and the animus and the animus and the enema. In other words we sorry in other enema. In other words we sorry in other enema. In other words we sorry in other words we are made up of two opposing words we are made up of two opposing words we are made up of two opposing forces the male and the female. There's forces the male and the female. There's forces the male and the female. There's a duality to us. a duality to us. a duality to us. Um so when when we meet people the ego so when when we meet people the ego projects a projects a projects a persona. Okay the persona is just persona. Okay the persona is just persona. Okay the persona is just basically our best self in a certain basically our best self in a certain basically our best self in a certain social context. So so in school you're a social context. So so in school you're a social context. So so in school you're a student and you try to be the best student and you try to be the best student and you try to be the best student. At home you're a daughter. Um student. At home you're a daughter. Um student. At home you're a daughter. Um at McDonald's you're a friend. Okay. So at McDonald's you're a friend. Okay. So at McDonald's you're a friend. Okay. So so you are different personas in so you are different personas in so you are different personas in different social contexts. different social contexts. different social contexts. Now we try to protect our best self Now we try to protect our best self Now we try to protect our best self but we are made up of a lot of bad but we are made up of a lot of bad but we are made up of a lot of bad memories, bad thoughts. So the ego memories, bad thoughts. So the ego memories, bad thoughts. So the ego suppresses suppresses suppresses uh the worst aspects of us in a shadow uh the worst aspects of us in a shadow uh the worst aspects of us in a shadow form. Okay. So the shadow is really the form. Okay. So the shadow is really the form. Okay. So the shadow is really the alter ego of the ego and alter ego of the ego and alter ego of the ego and this Y argues is what is called the this Y argues is what is called the this Y argues is what is called the self. self. self. All All All right. And what he tells us is life is a right. And what he tells us is life is a right. And what he tells us is life is a constant process of constant process of constant process of self-discovery. If you truly want to self-discovery. If you truly want to self-discovery. If you truly want to master yourself, you must discover who master yourself, you must discover who master yourself, you must discover who you are. And that will take a lifetime you are. And that will take a lifetime you are. And that will take a lifetime of um self-exloration guided by a of um self-exloration guided by a of um self-exloration guided by a psychotherapist. All right? And this psychotherapist. All right? And this psychotherapist. All right? And this sounds much more logical, right? And sounds much more logical, right? And sounds much more logical, right? And it's become really the standard model it's become really the standard model it's become really the standard model for modern day psychology. for modern day psychology. for modern day psychology. Now, you would think that Freud would be Now, you would think that Freud would be Now, you would think that Freud would be happy that Cole Yong came up with this happy that Cole Yong came up with this happy that Cole Yong came up with this new idea on how to improve his theory, new idea on how to improve his theory, new idea on how to improve his theory, but Freud but Freud but Freud um was um was um was infuriated that Yung would question his infuriated that Yung would question his infuriated that Yung would question his theory. In fact, Freud was notorious for theory. In fact, Freud was notorious for theory. In fact, Freud was notorious for being a control freak. He re he excluded being a control freak. He re he excluded being a control freak. He re he excluded Yung, refused to have any anything to do Yung, refused to have any anything to do Yung, refused to have any anything to do with him. In fact, everyone in the with him. In fact, everyone in the with him. In fact, everyone in the community around Freud community around Freud community around Freud um would now distance distance um would now distance distance um would now distance distance themselves from Cole Young and there themselves from Cole Young and there themselves from Cole Young and there would be no reconciliation between the would be no reconciliation between the would be no reconciliation between the two ever. And that's why and that's why two ever. And that's why and that's why two ever. And that's why and that's why Kio had to had to go and develop this Kio had to had to go and develop this Kio had to had to go and develop this this this this theory. Okay. So, theory. Okay. So, theory. Okay. So, um and it's strange because all Car um and it's strange because all Car um and it's strange because all Car Young is trying to do is improve Freud. Young is trying to do is improve Freud. Young is trying to do is improve Freud. So, that le that gives us a second So, that le that gives us a second So, that le that gives us a second question. What why was Freud so afraid question. What why was Freud so afraid question. What why was Freud so afraid of criticism? Why why was he so of criticism? Why why was he so of criticism? Why why was he so secretive? All right. And then the third secretive? All right. And then the third secretive? All right. And then the third question that we will look at today question that we will look at today question that we will look at today is why did this idea become so popular? is why did this idea become so popular? is why did this idea become so popular? In fact, the ideas of Freud and Carl Yun In fact, the ideas of Freud and Carl Yun In fact, the ideas of Freud and Carl Yun will become the basis of a major will become the basis of a major will become the basis of a major cultural movement called modernism. And modernism is the cultural movement And modernism is the cultural movement that we still live in today. Now there that we still live in today. Now there that we still live in today. Now there are many different definitions of are many different definitions of are many different definitions of modernism but for us the easiest modernism but for us the easiest modernism but for us the easiest definition definition definition is is is cult of the cult of the cult of the self. We live in a world in a society in self. We live in a world in a society in self. We live in a world in a society in a culture that's obsessed a culture that's obsessed a culture that's obsessed with ourselves with self-improvement with ourselves with self-improvement with ourselves with self-improvement with self-empowerment. with self-empowerment. with self-empowerment. All right. All right. All right. So, um we will look at where this came So, um we will look at where this came So, um we will look at where this came from. Okay. So, the three question we're from. Okay. So, the three question we're from. Okay. So, the three question we're looking at today is first of all, where looking at today is first of all, where looking at today is first of all, where did Freud get this idea for the edible did Freud get this idea for the edible did Freud get this idea for the edible complex? Second is why was Freud so complex? Second is why was Freud so complex? Second is why was Freud so secretive? And the third question is secretive? And the third question is secretive? And the third question is what explains Freud's popularity? Why what explains Freud's popularity? Why what explains Freud's popularity? Why was he why was he so influential and why was he why was he so influential and why was he why was he so influential and why was his influence able to spread so was his influence able to spread so was his influence able to spread so quickly? quickly? quickly? And what I will show you today And what I will show you today And what I will show you today is Freud became so influential and so is Freud became so influential and so is Freud became so influential and so famous not because his famous not because his famous not because his psychoanalyst system was designed to psychoanalyst system was designed to psychoanalyst system was designed to help his help his help his patients. Ultimately his system was patients. Ultimately his system was patients. Ultimately his system was designed to pro protect the interests of designed to pro protect the interests of designed to pro protect the interests of powerful interests, powerful men. Okay, powerful interests, powerful men. Okay, powerful interests, powerful men. Okay, that's my argument to you uh today. Okay, so having made the general today. Okay, so having made the general argument, what I want to do now is look argument, what I want to do now is look argument, what I want to do now is look at the evidence to support the argument. at the evidence to support the argument. at the evidence to support the argument. Okay, so um again this is a chart that Okay, so um again this is a chart that Okay, so um again this is a chart that summarizes the different perspectives of summarizes the different perspectives of summarizes the different perspectives of these four major thinkers Kant, Hegel, these four major thinkers Kant, Hegel, these four major thinkers Kant, Hegel, Marx and Freud. Okay. So to summarize Marx and Freud. Okay. So to summarize Marx and Freud. Okay. So to summarize the main ideas, Freud believes that our the main ideas, Freud believes that our the main ideas, Freud believes that our sexual urges is what underpins our sexual urges is what underpins our sexual urges is what underpins our identity as well as civilization. It's identity as well as civilization. It's identity as well as civilization. It's because we cannot control our sexual because we cannot control our sexual because we cannot control our sexual urges that gives rise to religion which urges that gives rise to religion which urges that gives rise to religion which helps us um cope with our guilt. Okay. helps us um cope with our guilt. Okay. helps us um cope with our guilt. Okay. Um he also believes that truth lies and Um he also believes that truth lies and Um he also believes that truth lies and our suppressed memories and in his our suppressed memories and in his our suppressed memories and in his framework God has abandoned us. There's framework God has abandoned us. There's framework God has abandoned us. There's really no God in his system. We are left really no God in his system. We are left really no God in his system. We are left to fend for ourselves. We are left to to fend for ourselves. We are left to to fend for ourselves. We are left to deal with the trauma of being alone. All deal with the trauma of being alone. All deal with the trauma of being alone. All right. So, um let's put Freud in his right. So, um let's put Freud in his right. So, um let's put Freud in his historical context. So, Freud lived and historical context. So, Freud lived and historical context. So, Freud lived and worked um at the end of the 19th century worked um at the end of the 19th century worked um at the end of the 19th century primarily in Vienna. And at this time primarily in Vienna. And at this time primarily in Vienna. And at this time Europe was going through fundamental, Europe was going through fundamental, Europe was going through fundamental, social, cultural, economic, political social, cultural, economic, political social, cultural, economic, political change. Um, we were transitioning from change. Um, we were transitioning from change. Um, we were transitioning from the preodern era to the modern era. the preodern era to the modern era. the preodern era to the modern era. Before we live primarily in towns and Before we live primarily in towns and Before we live primarily in towns and villages where we dealt with each other villages where we dealt with each other villages where we dealt with each other emotionally and we had a purpose in our emotionally and we had a purpose in our emotionally and we had a purpose in our community. But when we move to the community. But when we move to the community. But when we move to the cities cities cities um it is money and the clock that um it is money and the clock that um it is money and the clock that regulates our life. It's still true regulates our life. It's still true regulates our life. It's still true today right? So um when you come to today right? So um when you come to today right? So um when you come to school um what controls your behavior school um what controls your behavior school um what controls your behavior it's the it's it's your grades as well it's the it's it's your grades as well it's the it's it's your grades as well as the clock right if you are late for as the clock right if you are late for as the clock right if you are late for class if you're not if you're absent class if you're not if you're absent class if you're not if you're absent then you are then your grades get then you are then your grades get then you are then your grades get deducted right so it's the same concept deducted right so it's the same concept deducted right so it's the same concept as we have today. All right. Um, now as we have today. All right. Um, now as we have today. All right. Um, now because of these social because of these social because of these social changes, two new fields, sociology and changes, two new fields, sociology and changes, two new fields, sociology and psychology are developed in order to try psychology are developed in order to try psychology are developed in order to try to um, understand what these changes to um, understand what these changes to um, understand what these changes mean for us as humans. So in the fields mean for us as humans. So in the fields mean for us as humans. So in the fields of sociology, there are three major of sociology, there are three major of sociology, there are three major thinkers, pioneers of this time. Max thinkers, pioneers of this time. Max thinkers, pioneers of this time. Max Weber, Emil Durkham, and this man, Weber, Emil Durkham, and this man, Weber, Emil Durkham, and this man, George Siml. And George Simmel wrote a George Siml. And George Simmel wrote a George Siml. And George Simmel wrote a wonderful wonderful wonderful essay called the metropolis and mental essay called the metropolis and mental essay called the metropolis and mental life in which he describes what the life in which he describes what the life in which he describes what the impact of moving to the city has on impact of moving to the city has on impact of moving to the city has on people. Okay. So we'll just read a people. Okay. So we'll just read a people. Okay. So we'll just read a couple couple couple sentences. Instead of reacting sentences. Instead of reacting sentences. Instead of reacting emotionally, the metropolitan type emotionally, the metropolitan type emotionally, the metropolitan type reacts primarily in a rational manner, reacts primarily in a rational manner, reacts primarily in a rational manner, thus creating a mental predominance thus creating a mental predominance thus creating a mental predominance through the intensification of through the intensification of through the intensification of consciousness which in turn is caused by consciousness which in turn is caused by consciousness which in turn is caused by it. Thus the reaction of the met it. Thus the reaction of the met it. Thus the reaction of the met metropolitan person to those events is metropolitan person to those events is metropolitan person to those events is moved to a sphere of mental activity moved to a sphere of mental activity moved to a sphere of mental activity which is least sensitive and which is which is least sensitive and which is which is least sensitive and which is furthest removed from the depths of the furthest removed from the depths of the furthest removed from the depths of the personality. Okay. So let's use a personality. Okay. So let's use a personality. Okay. So let's use a metaphor. Let's think of food. When metaphor. Let's think of food. When metaphor. Let's think of food. When you're in the village, you grow your own you're in the village, you grow your own you're in the village, you grow your own food and then you make the food, you eat food and then you make the food, you eat food and then you make the food, you eat it, and that's it. Okay, you know it, and that's it. Okay, you know it, and that's it. Okay, you know exactly where the food comes from. You exactly where the food comes from. You exactly where the food comes from. You know how it's made and you're not really know how it's made and you're not really know how it's made and you're not really curious about the food. But the one one curious about the food. But the one one curious about the food. But the one one thing about the city is you get um thing about the city is you get um thing about the city is you get um exposed to all different types of exposed to all different types of exposed to all different types of cuisine, all different types of flavors, cuisine, all different types of flavors, cuisine, all different types of flavors, and that excites your imagination. and that excites your imagination. and that excites your imagination. You're much more curious about it, You're much more curious about it, You're much more curious about it, right? You're you want to know where right? You're you want to know where right? You're you want to know where this food is is made. The problem this food is is made. The problem this food is is made. The problem though, of course, is this is all an though, of course, is this is all an though, of course, is this is all an abstraction. You have absolutely no idea abstraction. You have absolutely no idea abstraction. You have absolutely no idea where the food comes from. You have where the food comes from. You have where the food comes from. You have absolutely no idea how where the food is absolutely no idea how where the food is absolutely no idea how where the food is made. And quite honestly, you don't even made. And quite honestly, you don't even made. And quite honestly, you don't even know if the food is healthy for you or know if the food is healthy for you or know if the food is healthy for you or not. Okay. So, so um the city life is a not. Okay. So, so um the city life is a not. Okay. So, so um the city life is a higher abstraction and of course today higher abstraction and of course today higher abstraction and of course today we have the internet which is even a we have the internet which is even a we have the internet which is even a higher abstraction. Okay. So you go from higher abstraction. Okay. So you go from higher abstraction. Okay. So you go from the village to the city now to the the village to the city now to the the village to the city now to the internet. Um of course this creates a internet. Um of course this creates a internet. Um of course this creates a lot of problems for people because this lot of problems for people because this lot of problems for people because this transition causes psychological issues transition causes psychological issues transition causes psychological issues and the three major psychological issues and the three major psychological issues and the three major psychological issues are enemy. Okay. Um and what this means are enemy. Okay. Um and what this means are enemy. Okay. Um and what this means is before in the village you know is before in the village you know is before in the village you know exactly what to exactly what to exactly what to do. Um but you you move to a city there do. Um but you you move to a city there do. Um but you you move to a city there are different rules and it confuses you. are different rules and it confuses you. are different rules and it confuses you. For example in the village if someone For example in the village if someone For example in the village if someone punches you you punch back and then punches you you punch back and then punches you you punch back and then afterwards you become friends. In a city afterwards you become friends. In a city afterwards you become friends. In a city if someone punches you and you punch if someone punches you and you punch if someone punches you and you punch back you both go to jail. So it's back you both go to jail. So it's back you both go to jail. So it's confusing for people. Uh alienation confusing for people. Uh alienation confusing for people. Uh alienation means that you have actually no freedom means that you have actually no freedom means that you have actually no freedom in the city. You work from 9 to5. You in the city. You work from 9 to5. You in the city. You work from 9 to5. You get up, you get up at six o'clock in the get up, you get up at six o'clock in the get up, you get up at six o'clock in the morning, get on at 7 o'clock, then get morning, get on at 7 o'clock, then get morning, get on at 7 o'clock, then get to work at 9:00, then you get off of to work at 9:00, then you get off of to work at 9:00, then you get off of work at 5 and get home at 10 o'clock. work at 5 and get home at 10 o'clock. work at 5 and get home at 10 o'clock. Okay, so every day is the same re same Okay, so every day is the same re same Okay, so every day is the same re same regulated life and it's and it's um and regulated life and it's and it's um and regulated life and it's and it's um and you lack freedom. Okay, that that causes you lack freedom. Okay, that that causes you lack freedom. Okay, that that causes alienation. The last idea is alienation. The last idea is alienation. The last idea is disenchantment where you feel as though disenchantment where you feel as though disenchantment where you feel as though you are just a machine and you have lost you are just a machine and you have lost you are just a machine and you have lost human agency. Okay. So these created human agency. Okay. So these created human agency. Okay. So these created lots of psychological issues and that's lots of psychological issues and that's lots of psychological issues and that's why at this time psych psychology is why at this time psych psychology is why at this time psych psychology is becoming much more popular. Um this is becoming much more popular. Um this is becoming much more popular. Um this is Sigman Freud and um he was a very Sigman Freud and um he was a very Sigman Freud and um he was a very ambitious ambitious ambitious uh medical student who became a uh medical student who became a uh medical student who became a psychologist and he started to see psychologist and he started to see psychologist and he started to see patients and these patients were often patients and these patients were often patients and these patients were often young women who are historical. His young women who are historical. His young women who are historical. His history his historical is not a word we history his historical is not a word we history his historical is not a word we use anymore but back then it just meant use anymore but back then it just meant use anymore but back then it just meant that they couldn't control their that they couldn't control their that they couldn't control their emotions. Um they were prone to emotions. Um they were prone to emotions. Um they were prone to outbursts crying when they saw a man outbursts crying when they saw a man outbursts crying when they saw a man when they were touched by a man they when they were touched by a man they when they were touched by a man they screamed they cried. They couldn't form screamed they cried. They couldn't form screamed they cried. They couldn't form healthy relationships. Okay. And so healthy relationships. Okay. And so healthy relationships. Okay. And so Freud was tasked with figuring out why Freud was tasked with figuring out why Freud was tasked with figuring out why this was happening and trying to help this was happening and trying to help this was happening and trying to help these women. And he spent a lot of time these women. And he spent a lot of time these women. And he spent a lot of time with these women and he did something with these women and he did something with these women and he did something pretty novel at the time which is he pretty novel at the time which is he pretty novel at the time which is he basic he just won their trust and asked basic he just won their trust and asked basic he just won their trust and asked them them them directly why are you like this and the directly why are you like this and the directly why are you like this and the woman um after many sessions after woman um after many sessions after woman um after many sessions after becoming friends with Freud they start becoming friends with Freud they start becoming friends with Freud they start to confide in Freud and they told him to confide in Freud and they told him to confide in Freud and they told him the truth which is I'm hysterical I'm the truth which is I'm hysterical I'm the truth which is I'm hysterical I'm afraid of men touching me because when I afraid of men touching me because when I afraid of men touching me because when I was was was young my father abused to young my father abused to young my father abused to me. And Freud at first was shocked. I me. And Freud at first was shocked. I me. And Freud at first was shocked. I think everyone would be shocked. But think everyone would be shocked. But think everyone would be shocked. But over over over time, he would hear this story from so time, he would hear this story from so time, he would hear this story from so many different patients with the same many different patients with the same many different patients with the same symptoms that he concluded that they symptoms that he concluded that they symptoms that he concluded that they must be telling him the truth. And he must be telling him the truth. And he must be telling him the truth. And he wrote a very famous paper in 1896 called wrote a very famous paper in 1896 called wrote a very famous paper in 1896 called the ideology of hysteria. Ideologies the ideology of hysteria. Ideologies the ideology of hysteria. Ideologies means origins. Okay? And in it he says, means origins. Okay? And in it he says, means origins. Okay? And in it he says, "My previously communicated assumption "My previously communicated assumption "My previously communicated assumption that trauma, specifically sexual trauma, that trauma, specifically sexual trauma, that trauma, specifically sexual trauma, cannot be stressed enough as a pathic cannot be stressed enough as a pathic cannot be stressed enough as a pathic agent, was confirmed a new. Even agent, was confirmed a new. Even agent, was confirmed a new. Even children of respected, high-minded, children of respected, high-minded, children of respected, high-minded, parental families fall victim to real parental families fall victim to real parental families fall victim to real rape much more frequently than one had rape much more frequently than one had rape much more frequently than one had dared to suspect. Either the parents dared to suspect. Either the parents dared to suspect. Either the parents themselves seek substitution for their themselves seek substitution for their themselves seek substitution for their lack of satisfaction in this lack of satisfaction in this lack of satisfaction in this pathological manner or else trusted pathological manner or else trusted pathological manner or else trusted persons such as relatives persons such as relatives persons such as relatives um abuse the ignorance and innocence of um abuse the ignorance and innocence of um abuse the ignorance and innocence of children. Okay. So he's arguing that children. Okay. So he's arguing that children. Okay. So he's arguing that abuse is much more common than we are abuse is much more common than we are abuse is much more common than we are led to believe. Even those that we think led to believe. Even those that we think led to believe. Even those that we think are pillars of society engage in the are pillars of society engage in the are pillars of society engage in the sort of abuse. So what he's doing is sort of abuse. So what he's doing is sort of abuse. So what he's doing is that he's becoming an advocate for that he's becoming an advocate for that he's becoming an advocate for advocate for these women. He's telling advocate for these women. He's telling advocate for these women. He's telling the world they're not crazy. They're not the world they're not crazy. They're not the world they're not crazy. They're not being hysterical. They were traumatized being hysterical. They were traumatized being hysterical. They were traumatized and that's why they're behaving like and that's why they're behaving like and that's why they're behaving like this. If you got hit by a this. If you got hit by a this. If you got hit by a car, your leg wouldn't um you wouldn't car, your leg wouldn't um you wouldn't car, your leg wouldn't um you wouldn't be able to walk. Well, these women are be able to walk. Well, these women are be able to walk. Well, these women are the same way. They were traumatized the same way. They were traumatized the same way. They were traumatized physically when they were young and physically when they were young and physically when they were young and that's why they were behaving like this. that's why they were behaving like this. that's why they were behaving like this. That's why they have problems forming That's why they have problems forming That's why they have problems forming these emotional bonds of others. these emotional bonds of others. these emotional bonds of others. Um the symptoms of hysteria are Um the symptoms of hysteria are Um the symptoms of hysteria are determined by certain experiences of the determined by certain experiences of the determined by certain experiences of the patients which have operated in a patients which have operated in a patients which have operated in a traumatic fashion and which are being traumatic fashion and which are being traumatic fashion and which are being reproduced in his psychological life in reproduced in his psychological life in reproduced in his psychological life in the form of pneummetic symbols. Okay. So the form of pneummetic symbols. Okay. So the form of pneummetic symbols. Okay. So what he's saying is this is not made up what he's saying is this is not made up what he's saying is this is not made up in the mind. This happened physically in the mind. This happened physically in the mind. This happened physically and then it gets represented in the and then it gets represented in the and then it gets represented in the mind. mind. mind. Um, so that's Freud arguing for Um, so that's Freud arguing for Um, so that's Freud arguing for um, his patience. Now, let me introduce um, his patience. Now, let me introduce um, his patience. Now, let me introduce you to a man named Jeffrey Mason and he you to a man named Jeffrey Mason and he you to a man named Jeffrey Mason and he wrote a book called The Assault on wrote a book called The Assault on wrote a book called The Assault on Truth. His story is this. He went to Truth. His story is this. He went to Truth. His story is this. He went to Harvard and he became very interested in Harvard and he became very interested in Harvard and he became very interested in psychoanalysis and he studied began to psychoanalysis and he studied began to psychoanalysis and he studied began to study it and he became friends with Anna study it and he became friends with Anna study it and he became friends with Anna Freud who is Simeon Freud's daughter. Freud who is Simeon Freud's daughter. Freud who is Simeon Freud's daughter. Anna Freud um thought very highly of him Anna Freud um thought very highly of him Anna Freud um thought very highly of him and um she trusted him with the letters and um she trusted him with the letters and um she trusted him with the letters of Sigman Freud and before this was this of Sigman Freud and before this was this of Sigman Freud and before this was this was not open to the public and no one was not open to the public and no one was not open to the public and no one knew about these letters but Jeffrey knew about these letters but Jeffrey knew about these letters but Jeffrey Mason spent years going over the letters Mason spent years going over the letters Mason spent years going over the letters and what he discovered shocked him. The and what he discovered shocked him. The and what he discovered shocked him. The early Freud and the later Freud are two early Freud and the later Freud are two early Freud and the later Freud are two different people. They have two different people. They have two different people. They have two different theories about trauma and different theories about trauma and different theories about trauma and abuse. Okay. And in his book, he abuse. Okay. And in his book, he abuse. Okay. And in his book, he presents the evidence which are Freud's presents the evidence which are Freud's presents the evidence which are Freud's letters to friends. All right. So, let's letters to friends. All right. So, let's letters to friends. All right. So, let's just read a couple. This is early Freud. just read a couple. This is early Freud. just read a couple. This is early Freud. I therefore put forward thesis that at I therefore put forward thesis that at I therefore put forward thesis that at the bottom of every case of hysteria, the bottom of every case of hysteria, the bottom of every case of hysteria, there are one or more occurrences of there are one or more occurrences of there are one or more occurrences of premature experience, occurrences which premature experience, occurrences which premature experience, occurrences which belong to the earliest years of belong to the earliest years of belong to the earliest years of childhood. Okay. There are a whole number of other things There are a whole number of other things that vouch for the reality of infatile that vouch for the reality of infatile that vouch for the reality of infatile sexual scenes. In the first place, sexual scenes. In the first place, sexual scenes. In the first place, there's uniformity which exhibit in there's uniformity which exhibit in there's uniformity which exhibit in certain details. So, what he's saying is certain details. So, what he's saying is certain details. So, what he's saying is um I know that people don't believe me, um I know that people don't believe me, um I know that people don't believe me, but the evidence is clear. I've talked but the evidence is clear. I've talked but the evidence is clear. I've talked to different people. They don't know to different people. They don't know to different people. They don't know each other. They're telling the same each other. They're telling the same each other. They're telling the same story. They're probably the same story. They're probably the same story. They're probably the same details. So, either there's this giant details. So, either there's this giant details. So, either there's this giant conspiracy or they're telling the truth. It is less easy to refute the idea that It is less easy to refute the idea that the doctor forces reminiscences of this the doctor forces reminiscences of this the doctor forces reminiscences of this sort on the patient, that he influences sort on the patient, that he influences sort on the patient, that he influences him by suggesting to imagine and him by suggesting to imagine and him by suggesting to imagine and reproduce them. Nevertheless, it appears reproduce them. Nevertheless, it appears reproduce them. Nevertheless, it appears me equally untenable. I've never yet me equally untenable. I've never yet me equally untenable. I've never yet succeeded in forcing on a patient a succeeded in forcing on a patient a succeeded in forcing on a patient a scene I was expecting to find in such a scene I was expecting to find in such a scene I was expecting to find in such a way that he seemed to be living through way that he seemed to be living through way that he seemed to be living through it with all the appropriate feelings. it with all the appropriate feelings. it with all the appropriate feelings. Perhaps others may be more successful in Perhaps others may be more successful in Perhaps others may be more successful in this. When you read Freud, you see him this. When you read Freud, you see him this. When you read Freud, you see him as a very clear, as a very nuanced, as a as a very clear, as a very nuanced, as a as a very clear, as a very nuanced, as a very balanced thinker. Okay? He accepts very balanced thinker. Okay? He accepts very balanced thinker. Okay? He accepts there are different possibilities. It's there are different possibilities. It's there are different possibilities. It's possible that he himself is suggesting possible that he himself is suggesting possible that he himself is suggesting false memories to his false memories to his false memories to his patients and he and he and and he says patients and he and he and and he says patients and he and he and and he says this this is possible, but I have failed this this is possible, but I have failed this this is possible, but I have failed to achieve this goal. And there are to achieve this goal. And there are to achieve this goal. And there are others who may be better at this than I, others who may be better at this than I, others who may be better at this than I, but I haven't been able to do it. Okay. but I haven't been able to do it. Okay. but I haven't been able to do it. Okay. So based on this evidence um he argues So based on this evidence um he argues So based on this evidence um he argues that these patients must become the that these patients must become the that these patients must become the truth. Okay. This is the early truth. Okay. This is the early truth. Okay. This is the early Freud. Um this is Sandor for the longest Freud. Um this is Sandor for the longest Freud. Um this is Sandor for the longest time they were colleagues. They were time they were colleagues. They were time they were colleagues. They were best friends. They were both advocates best friends. They were both advocates best friends. They were both advocates for for for patients and then um they had a falling patients and then um they had a falling patients and then um they had a falling out. Okay. they started to out. Okay. they started to out. Okay. they started to um they they basically refused to talk um they they basically refused to talk um they they basically refused to talk to each other anymore. Okay. And the to each other anymore. Okay. And the to each other anymore. Okay. And the reason why is Sen fore continue to reason why is Sen fore continue to reason why is Sen fore continue to advocate for advocate for advocate for um patient rights whereas Simon Freud um patient rights whereas Simon Freud um patient rights whereas Simon Freud completely changed his attitude. All completely changed his attitude. All completely changed his attitude. All right. So let's look at the new right. So let's look at the new right. So let's look at the new Freud. Since child masturbation is such Freud. Since child masturbation is such Freud. Since child masturbation is such a general occurrence and is at the same a general occurrence and is at the same a general occurrence and is at the same time so poorly remembered, it must have time so poorly remembered, it must have time so poorly remembered, it must have an equivalent in psychic life and in an equivalent in psychic life and in an equivalent in psychic life and in fact it is found in the fantasy fact it is found in the fantasy fact it is found in the fantasy encountered in most female patients. encountered in most female patients. encountered in most female patients. Namely that the father seduced her in Namely that the father seduced her in Namely that the father seduced her in childhood. This is a later reworking childhood. This is a later reworking childhood. This is a later reworking which is designed to cover up the which is designed to cover up the which is designed to cover up the recolleation of infatile sexual activity recolleation of infatile sexual activity recolleation of infatile sexual activity represents an represents an represents an excuseation thereof. The grin of truth excuseation thereof. The grin of truth excuseation thereof. The grin of truth contained in this fantasy lies in the contained in this fantasy lies in the contained in this fantasy lies in the fact that the father by way of his fact that the father by way of his fact that the father by way of his innocent caresses in earlier childhood innocent caresses in earlier childhood innocent caresses in earlier childhood has actually awakened the little girl's has actually awakened the little girl's has actually awakened the little girl's sexuality. It is these same affectionate sexuality. It is these same affectionate sexuality. It is these same affectionate fathers that are the ones who then fathers that are the ones who then fathers that are the ones who then endeavor to break the child of the habit endeavor to break the child of the habit endeavor to break the child of the habit of masturbation. Okay. So what Freud is of masturbation. Okay. So what Freud is of masturbation. Okay. So what Freud is trying to say is young girls from very trying to say is young girls from very trying to say is young girls from very early age they are sexual animals. They early age they are sexual animals. They early age they are sexual animals. They have these urges and they have this have these urges and they have this have these urges and they have this longing for the father and it's longing for the father and it's longing for the father and it's compounded by the fact that the father compounded by the fact that the father compounded by the fact that the father in his innocence hugs and caresses his in his innocence hugs and caresses his in his innocence hugs and caresses his little girl. It's made worse when the little girl. It's made worse when the little girl. It's made worse when the father notices that the girl is father notices that the girl is father notices that the girl is masturbating and tries to stop her. And masturbating and tries to stop her. And masturbating and tries to stop her. And this creates a sense of both resentment, this creates a sense of both resentment, this creates a sense of both resentment, hatred, and more longing. Okay. So now hatred, and more longing. Okay. So now hatred, and more longing. Okay. So now what Freud is saying what Freud is saying what Freud is saying is it's not the father. The father did is it's not the father. The father did is it's not the father. The father did nothing. He's innocent. The girl is the nothing. He's innocent. The girl is the nothing. He's innocent. The girl is the one who who who because of these sexual one who who who because of these sexual one who who who because of these sexual urges has all these sexual fantasies urges has all these sexual fantasies urges has all these sexual fantasies that she is no longer able to that she is no longer able to that she is no longer able to differentiate between fantasy and differentiate between fantasy and differentiate between fantasy and reality. All reality. All reality. All right. So um this is from from the essay right. So um this is from from the essay right. So um this is from from the essay fragments of analysis of hysteria. The fragments of analysis of hysteria. The fragments of analysis of hysteria. The love hungry little girl, unhappy at love hungry little girl, unhappy at love hungry little girl, unhappy at having to share her parents' affection having to share her parents' affection having to share her parents' affection with her brothers and sisters, realizes with her brothers and sisters, realizes with her brothers and sisters, realizes that all that tenderness comes flowing that all that tenderness comes flowing that all that tenderness comes flowing back when her parents are made anxious back when her parents are made anxious back when her parents are made anxious by her illness. The little the girl now by her illness. The little the girl now by her illness. The little the girl now knows a way of calling forth her knows a way of calling forth her knows a way of calling forth her parents' love. So now he's explaining parents' love. So now he's explaining parents' love. So now he's explaining why hysteria is so common in society. why hysteria is so common in society. why hysteria is so common in society. And the answer is very simple. Women are And the answer is very simple. Women are And the answer is very simple. Women are desperate for attention. It's that desperate for attention. It's that desperate for attention. It's that simple. They're fine. They have no simple. They're fine. They have no simple. They're fine. They have no issues. They just want attention. And issues. They just want attention. And issues. They just want attention. And that's why they are hysterical, okay? that's why they are hysterical, okay? that's why they are hysterical, okay? Because they know that illness attracts Because they know that illness attracts Because they know that illness attracts attention from caregiving attention from caregiving attention from caregiving uh uh uh males. Um this is this is Simon Freud's males. Um this is this is Simon Freud's males. Um this is this is Simon Freud's book, Civilization in Its Discontent. book, Civilization in Its Discontent. book, Civilization in Its Discontent. And in it, he expresses his contempt for And in it, he expresses his contempt for And in it, he expresses his contempt for woman in society. All right, let's read woman in society. All right, let's read woman in society. All right, let's read it. Furthermore, women should soon come it. Furthermore, women should soon come it. Furthermore, women should soon come into opposition to civilization and into opposition to civilization and into opposition to civilization and display their retarding and restraining display their retarding and restraining display their retarding and restraining influence. Those very women who in the influence. Those very women who in the influence. Those very women who in the beginning laid the foundations of beginning laid the foundations of beginning laid the foundations of civilization by the claims of their civilization by the claims of their civilization by the claims of their love. Women represent the interests of love. Women represent the interests of love. Women represent the interests of the family and of sexual life. The work the family and of sexual life. The work the family and of sexual life. The work of civilization has become increasingly of civilization has become increasingly of civilization has become increasingly the business of men. It confronts them the business of men. It confronts them the business of men. It confronts them them with ever more difficult tasks and them with ever more difficult tasks and them with ever more difficult tasks and compels them to carry out instinctual compels them to carry out instinctual compels them to carry out instinctual sublimations of which women are little sublimations of which women are little sublimations of which women are little capable. All right. So Freud's saying capable. All right. So Freud's saying capable. All right. So Freud's saying this, we must thank women because women this, we must thank women because women this, we must thank women because women be no civilization. They give birth. be no civilization. They give birth. be no civilization. They give birth. They raise They raise They raise families. But men are smarter than families. But men are smarter than families. But men are smarter than women. And so men are tasked with the women. And so men are tasked with the women. And so men are tasked with the responsibility of building civilization, responsibility of building civilization, responsibility of building civilization, of creating science, of creating of creating science, of creating of creating science, of creating literature, of creating philosophy, of literature, of creating philosophy, of literature, of creating philosophy, of politics, of administration. politics, of administration. politics, of administration. Okay. And but what all women want is Okay. And but what all women want is Okay. And but what all women want is attention to be doed on. And that's why attention to be doed on. And that's why attention to be doed on. And that's why women hate civilization. First of all, women hate civilization. First of all, women hate civilization. First of all, because they're not smart and they can't because they're not smart and they can't because they're not smart and they can't really uh contribute to civilization, really uh contribute to civilization, really uh contribute to civilization, but also because it takes uh men away but also because it takes uh men away but also because it takes uh men away from from them. from from them. from from them. Okay. So now the question then is okay. Okay. So now the question then is okay. Okay. So now the question then is okay. This is like really strange because the This is like really strange because the This is like really strange because the four that we encountered earlier was four that we encountered earlier was four that we encountered earlier was a a a scientist. Um, very clear, very nuanced, scientist. Um, very clear, very nuanced, scientist. Um, very clear, very nuanced, very subtle in his thinking. This very subtle in his thinking. This very subtle in his thinking. This Freud, he's like a mythmaker. He's Freud, he's like a mythmaker. He's Freud, he's like a mythmaker. He's almost like a priest. Okay. So, so what almost like a priest. Okay. So, so what almost like a priest. Okay. So, so what explains the trans transition? Okay. explains the trans transition? Okay. explains the trans transition? Okay. Well, there's there's a very simple Well, there's there's a very simple Well, there's there's a very simple explanation, right? Um the simple explanation, right? Um the simple explanation, right? Um the simple explanation which is simple explanation explanation which is simple explanation explanation which is simple explanation is is is um he may be treating his patients who um he may be treating his patients who um he may be treating his patients who are a young woman but who's paying the are a young woman but who's paying the are a young woman but who's paying the bills? The father, right? It's a father bills? The father, right? It's a father bills? The father, right? It's a father who's paying Freud. So um if Freud went who's paying Freud. So um if Freud went who's paying Freud. So um if Freud went to the father and said, "Oh, I talked to to the father and said, "Oh, I talked to to the father and said, "Oh, I talked to your daughter. It's your fault that your daughter. It's your fault that your daughter. It's your fault that she's like this." Well, they wouldn't be she's like this." Well, they wouldn't be she's like this." Well, they wouldn't be very happy. Okay. So, um, we can very happy. Okay. So, um, we can very happy. Okay. So, um, we can understand why at the end of the day understand why at the end of the day understand why at the end of the day Freud decided that he needed to change Freud decided that he needed to change Freud decided that he needed to change his story if he wanted to maintain his his story if he wanted to maintain his his story if he wanted to maintain his clientele. Um, so the question then is, clientele. Um, so the question then is, clientele. Um, so the question then is, okay, is there evidence to suggest that okay, is there evidence to suggest that okay, is there evidence to suggest that sexual trauma and abuse was common in sexual trauma and abuse was common in sexual trauma and abuse was common in Vienna at this time in history, the late Vienna at this time in history, the late Vienna at this time in history, the late 19th century? And the answer is yes. 19th century? And the answer is yes. 19th century? And the answer is yes. There is some piece of evidence, okay? There is some piece of evidence, okay? There is some piece of evidence, okay? not complete. Okay. But there's some not complete. Okay. But there's some not complete. Okay. But there's some piece of evidence suggests this was piece of evidence suggests this was piece of evidence suggests this was actually a thing in Vienna in the late actually a thing in Vienna in the late actually a thing in Vienna in the late 19th century. So um this is so Vienna is 19th century. So um this is so Vienna is 19th century. So um this is so Vienna is part of the AustriaHungary Empire and part of the AustriaHungary Empire and part of the AustriaHungary Empire and there are lots of secret societies and there are lots of secret societies and there are lots of secret societies and religious cults at this time. Okay. One religious cults at this time. Okay. One religious cults at this time. Okay. One of them is called Frankenism and of them is called Frankenism and of them is called Frankenism and Frankenism Frankenism Frankenism uh um rejected Jewish norms and he and uh um rejected Jewish norms and he and uh um rejected Jewish norms and he and believe they were obligated to believe they were obligated to believe they were obligated to transgress moral boundaries. Okay, transgress moral boundaries. Okay, transgress moral boundaries. Okay, remember the crisis of faith, right? How remember the crisis of faith, right? How remember the crisis of faith, right? How do you demonstrate um your faith in God? do you demonstrate um your faith in God? do you demonstrate um your faith in God? How do you know God loves you? How do How do you know God loves you? How do How do you know God loves you? How do you know you're faithful? Well, you you know you're faithful? Well, you you know you're faithful? Well, you break taboos. And they were bringing a break taboos. And they were bringing a break taboos. And they were bringing a lot of taboos. The fragrance engaged in lot of taboos. The fragrance engaged in lot of taboos. The fragrance engaged in sexually promiscuous rights such as the sexually promiscuous rights such as the sexually promiscuous rights such as the infamous 1756 incident where they were infamous 1756 incident where they were infamous 1756 incident where they were allegedly caught dancing around a half allegedly caught dancing around a half allegedly caught dancing around a half naked woman. Um at its height, naked woman. Um at its height, naked woman. Um at its height, fragmentism claimed perhaps 50,000 fragmentism claimed perhaps 50,000 fragmentism claimed perhaps 50,000 followers. That's a lot. 50,000 followers. That's a lot. 50,000 followers. That's a lot. 50,000 followers is a lot. And a lot of them followers is a lot. And a lot of them followers is a lot. And a lot of them were powerful people. um primarily Jews were powerful people. um primarily Jews were powerful people. um primarily Jews living in the Polish Lutheran living in the Polish Lutheran living in the Polish Lutheran Commonwealth as well as central and Commonwealth as well as central and Commonwealth as well as central and eastern Europe. Later Francis were eastern Europe. Later Francis were eastern Europe. Later Francis were encouraged to convert in in mass to encouraged to convert in in mass to encouraged to convert in in mass to Catholicism. Okay. And um so who are Catholicism. Okay. And um so who are Catholicism. Okay. And um so who are these people? Well, they are followers these people? Well, they are followers these people? Well, they are followers of a man named Satai Zavi who lived in of a man named Satai Zavi who lived in of a man named Satai Zavi who lived in 19th century who who was a um Jewish 19th century who who was a um Jewish 19th century who who was a um Jewish rabbi who lived in 19th century Ottoman rabbi who lived in 19th century Ottoman rabbi who lived in 19th century Ottoman Empire. And for many he was extremely Empire. And for many he was extremely Empire. And for many he was extremely charismatic and he was basically their charismatic and he was basically their charismatic and he was basically their messiah. Okay, he was the Jewish Messiah messiah. Okay, he was the Jewish Messiah messiah. Okay, he was the Jewish Messiah and he preached a religion of and he preached a religion of and he preached a religion of transgression because transgression transgression because transgression transgression because transgression meant courage. It meant empowerment meant courage. It meant empowerment meant courage. It meant empowerment u it meant true faith and he had a lot u it meant true faith and he had a lot u it meant true faith and he had a lot of followers and that's why the sultan of followers and that's why the sultan of followers and that's why the sultan called him and then said okay I'll give called him and then said okay I'll give called him and then said okay I'll give you a choice you can either continue you a choice you can either continue you a choice you can either continue doing what you do and I'll kill you or doing what you do and I'll kill you or doing what you do and I'll kill you or you convert to Islam. so he can merge to you convert to Islam. so he can merge to you convert to Islam. so he can merge to Islam. But when he did so, he told his Islam. But when he did so, he told his Islam. But when he did so, he told his followers, I did so because God doesn't followers, I did so because God doesn't followers, I did so because God doesn't care about what you do. God cares about care about what you do. God cares about care about what you do. God cares about what's in your heart. As long as you're what's in your heart. As long as you're what's in your heart. As long as you're true to God, what you do in life does true to God, what you do in life does true to God, what you do in life does not matter. Okay? And the religion he not matter. Okay? And the religion he not matter. Okay? And the religion he started is still around started is still around started is still around uh today. Okay? And um this is from uh today. Okay? And um this is from uh today. Okay? And um this is from Wikipedia. Okay? All this is from Wikipedia. Okay? All this is from Wikipedia. Okay? All this is from Wikipedia and you can look look you can Wikipedia and you can look look you can Wikipedia and you can look look you can look at it online to make sure that I'm look at it online to make sure that I'm look at it online to make sure that I'm just making making this up. All right. just making making this up. All right. just making making this up. All right. So as part of this movement So as part of this movement So as part of this movement um I mean you can read this right. All um I mean you can read this right. All um I mean you can read this right. All right. Um sexual abuse was actually right. Um sexual abuse was actually right. Um sexual abuse was actually pretty pretty pretty common. So we have evidence suggests common. So we have evidence suggests common. So we have evidence suggests that yes um these women were probably that yes um these women were probably that yes um these women were probably telling the truth and Freud knew knew telling the truth and Freud knew knew telling the truth and Freud knew knew so. But Freud ultimately had to change so. But Freud ultimately had to change so. But Freud ultimately had to change his story in order to protect pro his story in order to protect pro his story in order to protect pro protect his protect his protect his livelihood. Okay. But there's also livelihood. Okay. But there's also livelihood. Okay. But there's also another reason why Freud had to change another reason why Freud had to change another reason why Freud had to change his story. Okay. And this it has to do his story. Okay. And this it has to do his story. Okay. And this it has to do with man named Ignis with man named Ignis with man named Ignis Simise. Simise lived in 1840s uh Vienna. Simise. Simise lived in 1840s uh Vienna. Simise. Simise lived in 1840s uh Vienna. He was and he he was a doctor who worked He was and he he was a doctor who worked He was and he he was a doctor who worked at uh Vienna General Hospital and he was at uh Vienna General Hospital and he was at uh Vienna General Hospital and he was in charge of two maternity clinics, in charge of two maternity clinics, in charge of two maternity clinics, places where women gave birth. places where women gave birth. places where women gave birth. um same hospital, same staff, but the um same hospital, same staff, but the um same hospital, same staff, but the maternity but the mortality rate at the maternity but the mortality rate at the maternity but the mortality rate at the second clinic was much higher than the second clinic was much higher than the second clinic was much higher than the first clinic. Women would uh could could first clinic. Women would uh could could first clinic. Women would uh could could die giving birth because of fever. So die giving birth because of fever. So die giving birth because of fever. So 10% of of women were dying in the second 10% of of women were dying in the second 10% of of women were dying in the second clinic and only about 3% were dying in clinic and only about 3% were dying in clinic and only about 3% were dying in the first clinic. So in wise he was the first clinic. So in wise he was the first clinic. So in wise he was appalled by by this and so he launched appalled by by this and so he launched appalled by by this and so he launched an investigation as to what was an investigation as to what was an investigation as to what was happening and he spent seven months a happening and he spent seven months a happening and he spent seven months a long long time trying to figure out what long long time trying to figure out what long long time trying to figure out what happened what was happening and he happened what was happening and he happened what was happening and he looked at all different possibilities looked at all different possibilities looked at all different possibilities including weather including um treatment including weather including um treatment including weather including um treatment including personnel everything okay and including personnel everything okay and including personnel everything okay and then he had a radical breakthrough he then he had a radical breakthrough he then he had a radical breakthrough he had an insight which is this in the had an insight which is this in the had an insight which is this in the second clinic it was a teaching second clinic it was a teaching second clinic it was a teaching hospital. So doctors would in the hospital. So doctors would in the hospital. So doctors would in the morning work work with cadaavvers, okay? morning work work with cadaavvers, okay? morning work work with cadaavvers, okay? They would show students how how to They would show students how how to They would show students how how to dissect dissect cadaavvers and then in dissect dissect cadaavvers and then in dissect dissect cadaavvers and then in the afternoon they'd go and deliver the afternoon they'd go and deliver the afternoon they'd go and deliver babies. And similar he didn't know why babies. And similar he didn't know why babies. And similar he didn't know why because at this time germs were not a because at this time germs were not a because at this time germs were not a thing. People didn't know know about the thing. People didn't know know about the thing. People didn't know know about the existence of germs. Um he didn't know existence of germs. Um he didn't know existence of germs. Um he didn't know why but he he theorized that there could why but he he theorized that there could why but he he theorized that there could be connection. So he created a protocol. be connection. So he created a protocol. be connection. So he created a protocol. He basically had everyone wash their He basically had everyone wash their He basically had everyone wash their hands uh using a um a formula of um hands uh using a um a formula of um hands uh using a um a formula of um water, chlorine, and lime. And we still water, chlorine, and lime. And we still water, chlorine, and lime. And we still use it today. Exactly the same formula use it today. Exactly the same formula use it today. Exactly the same formula today. And so he tried this protocol and today. And so he tried this protocol and today. And so he tried this protocol and it was a miracle because because after it was a miracle because because after it was a miracle because because after people start to wash their hands, no one people start to wash their hands, no one people start to wash their hands, no one died in childirth anymore. And similar died in childirth anymore. And similar died in childirth anymore. And similar wise being a rigorous scientist he wise being a rigorous scientist he wise being a rigorous scientist he collected all this data conducted a lot collected all this data conducted a lot collected all this data conducted a lot of experiments to prove this had to be of experiments to prove this had to be of experiments to prove this had to be true that washing your hands could save true that washing your hands could save true that washing your hands could save lives. And then presented his findings lives. And then presented his findings lives. And then presented his findings to the staff the doctors of Vienna to the staff the doctors of Vienna to the staff the doctors of Vienna General Hospital believing that they General Hospital believing that they General Hospital believing that they would um they would praise him and then would um they would praise him and then would um they would praise him and then promote this all throughout Europe in promote this all throughout Europe in promote this all throughout Europe in order to save as many lives as possible. order to save as many lives as possible. order to save as many lives as possible. Instead the doctors told him they had to Instead the doctors told him they had to Instead the doctors told him they had to um they had to keep this quiet. um um they had to keep this quiet. um um they had to keep this quiet. um they'll promote similar wise uh they they'll promote similar wise uh they they'll promote similar wise uh they respect him and he did amazing work but respect him and he did amazing work but respect him and he did amazing work but if word came out that uh this was true if word came out that uh this was true if word came out that uh this was true then people would know that they were then people would know that they were then people would know that they were responsible for the deaths of these responsible for the deaths of these responsible for the deaths of these women before and their reputation would women before and their reputation would women before and their reputation would be in tatters um and then sim of course be in tatters um and then sim of course be in tatters um and then sim of course responded by yes I understand that but responded by yes I understand that but responded by yes I understand that but if we don't publish our findings if we if we don't publish our findings if we if we don't publish our findings if we don't let the world know know about this don't let the world know know about this don't let the world know know about this more women are going to die in child more women are going to die in child more women are going to die in child birth and they fought for a long time, birth and they fought for a long time, birth and they fought for a long time, years and years and then eventually years and years and then eventually years and years and then eventually similar wise he was black uh similar wise he was black uh similar wise he was black uh blacklisted. He would he would not he blacklisted. He would he would not he blacklisted. He would he would not he was not allowed to work work ever in was not allowed to work work ever in was not allowed to work work ever in hospital again and then ultimately he hospital again and then ultimately he hospital again and then ultimately he was confined to an incident asylum where was confined to an incident asylum where was confined to an incident asylum where he was killed by the guards and he let he was killed by the guards and he let he was killed by the guards and he let and he died leaving a young family and and he died leaving a young family and and he died leaving a young family and so that's what happens to you when you so that's what happens to you when you so that's what happens to you when you defy powerful people in Vienna uh in the defy powerful people in Vienna uh in the defy powerful people in Vienna uh in the 19th century and Freud didn't want the 19th century and Freud didn't want the 19th century and Freud didn't want the same fate okay and he al he also had a same fate okay and he al he also had a same fate okay and he al he also had a young family um so this story is young family um so this story is young family um so this story is horrible but if if you don't believe me horrible but if if you don't believe me horrible but if if you don't believe me you can go on Wikipedia Okay. Um he was you can go on Wikipedia Okay. Um he was you can go on Wikipedia Okay. Um he was institutionized in in asylum institutionized in in asylum institutionized in in asylum um by his colleagues and in asylum he um by his colleagues and in asylum he um by his colleagues and in asylum he was beaten by the guards. He died 14 was beaten by the guards. He died 14 was beaten by the guards. He died 14 days later. All right. So this is a fate days later. All right. So this is a fate days later. All right. So this is a fate that will happen to you in Vienna if you that will happen to you in Vienna if you that will happen to you in Vienna if you defy powerful people. So So now we have defy powerful people. So So now we have defy powerful people. So So now we have an explanation for why Freud made the an explanation for why Freud made the an explanation for why Freud made the transition, why he changed his story. transition, why he changed his story. transition, why he changed his story. But now there's another problem which is But now there's another problem which is But now there's another problem which is how does Freud convince his patients to how does Freud convince his patients to how does Freud convince his patients to go along go along go along right before he told his patients I right before he told his patients I right before he told his patients I believe you um and they trusted him and believe you um and they trusted him and believe you um and they trusted him and now he's changing his story. So how can now he's changing his story. So how can now he's changing his story. So how can he convince them that they in fact do he convince them that they in fact do he convince them that they in fact do suffer from sexual suffer from sexual suffer from sexual fantasies and like these this experience fantasies and like these this experience fantasies and like these this experience of sex sexual abuse it's all just made of sex sexual abuse it's all just made of sex sexual abuse it's all just made up in the head and that's a very hard up in the head and that's a very hard up in the head and that's a very hard job to do. So the solution job to do. So the solution job to do. So the solution is the interpretation of dreams. All is the interpretation of dreams. All is the interpretation of dreams. All right. So Freud pioneered a new way of right. So Freud pioneered a new way of right. So Freud pioneered a new way of hypnotizing hypnotizing hypnotizing um his um his um his patients. So together they would analyze patients. So together they would analyze patients. So together they would analyze their dreams, right? Because if you if their dreams, right? Because if you if their dreams, right? Because if you if you you talk about their memories in you you talk about their memories in you you talk about their memories in their past, they're going to fight back their past, they're going to fight back their past, they're going to fight back and says, "I remember very clearly." you and says, "I remember very clearly." you and says, "I remember very clearly." you talk about your dreams that allows you talk about your dreams that allows you talk about your dreams that allows you to to to um suggest um suggest um suggest subtly new ideas and new memories to subtly new ideas and new memories to subtly new ideas and new memories to basically implant uh new memories basically implant uh new memories basically implant uh new memories and basically gaslight that person. and basically gaslight that person. and basically gaslight that person. Okay, does that make sense? All right, Okay, does that make sense? All right, Okay, does that make sense? All right, so the interpretation of dreams. So um so the interpretation of dreams. So um so the interpretation of dreams. So um that is the story of Freud. that is the story of Freud. that is the story of Freud. Okay, but this leaves a question is why Okay, but this leaves a question is why Okay, but this leaves a question is why did this spread throughout the world? did this spread throughout the world? did this spread throughout the world? All right, and that's something that we All right, and that's something that we All right, and that's something that we will look at in part three. A lot of the influence of Freud three. A lot of the influence of Freud has to do with Carl Young who will take has to do with Carl Young who will take has to do with Carl Young who will take his ideas of the unconscious and his ideas of the unconscious and his ideas of the unconscious and systemize it for popular um consumption. systemize it for popular um consumption. systemize it for popular um consumption. Okay. Um so we already discussed his Okay. Um so we already discussed his Okay. Um so we already discussed his framework where we are all dualities. framework where we are all dualities. framework where we are all dualities. Okay, we have an ego but we also have a Okay, we have an ego but we also have a Okay, we have an ego but we also have a shadow. We have a conscious but also a shadow. We have a conscious but also a shadow. We have a conscious but also a unconscious, a personal as well as unconscious, a personal as well as unconscious, a personal as well as collective, an animous and an collective, an animous and an collective, an animous and an animma. Um Yung popularized ideas of animma. Um Yung popularized ideas of animma. Um Yung popularized ideas of personality types, right? Introvert um personality types, right? Introvert um personality types, right? Introvert um extrovert which is what we still use extrovert which is what we still use extrovert which is what we still use today. All right. Um the main influence today. All right. Um the main influence today. All right. Um the main influence is in is in is in modernism a transformative art movement modernism a transformative art movement modernism a transformative art movement beginning around the um early 20th beginning around the um early 20th beginning around the um early 20th century. All right. So arguably the century. All right. So arguably the century. All right. So arguably the first great first great first great modern artist is James Joyce who in modern artist is James Joyce who in modern artist is James Joyce who in 1922 published 1922 published 1922 published Ulisses. Um James Joyce was Irish. She Ulisses. Um James Joyce was Irish. She Ulisses. Um James Joyce was Irish. She was an Irish expatriate and he actually was an Irish expatriate and he actually was an Irish expatriate and he actually studied Dante in university. So um he studied Dante in university. So um he studied Dante in university. So um he wrote Ulyses um as a way to imitate and wrote Ulyses um as a way to imitate and wrote Ulyses um as a way to imitate and almost surpass almost surpass almost surpass Dante and of course Ulyses refers to Dante and of course Ulyses refers to Dante and of course Ulyses refers to Homer's Homer's Homer's Odyssey. Now um we're going to read a Odyssey. Now um we're going to read a Odyssey. Now um we're going to read a passage from Ulisses to understand passage from Ulisses to understand passage from Ulisses to understand um the powers writing. Okay. in eatable um the powers writing. Okay. in eatable um the powers writing. Okay. in eatable modality of the visible at least that if modality of the visible at least that if modality of the visible at least that if no more thought through my eyes no more thought through my eyes no more thought through my eyes signatures of all things I'm here to signatures of all things I'm here to signatures of all things I'm here to read sea spawn and sea rack the nearing read sea spawn and sea rack the nearing read sea spawn and sea rack the nearing tide that rusty boot stock green loose tide that rusty boot stock green loose tide that rusty boot stock green loose silver rust colored signs limits of the silver rust colored signs limits of the silver rust colored signs limits of the dan but he adds embodies okay um what dan but he adds embodies okay um what dan but he adds embodies okay um what does this mean I have no does this mean I have no does this mean I have no idea all right I I have no idea um I can idea all right I I have no idea um I can idea all right I I have no idea um I can explain to you Dante I can explain to explain to you Dante I can explain to explain to you Dante I can explain to you Homer and Shakespeare you Homer and Shakespeare you Homer and Shakespeare But I struggle with James Joyce. And But I struggle with James Joyce. And But I struggle with James Joyce. And there are two reasons why. Okay, the there are two reasons why. Okay, the there are two reasons why. Okay, the first reason first reason first reason is he was um a singer. So you have to is he was um a singer. So you have to is he was um a singer. So you have to read what he writes as so it's music. read what he writes as so it's music. read what he writes as so it's music. Okay, it's meant to be read read out Okay, it's meant to be read read out Okay, it's meant to be read read out loud. So it's musical and that's really loud. So it's musical and that's really loud. So it's musical and that's really the power of his writing. He's more the power of his writing. He's more the power of his writing. He's more focusing on the style rather than the focusing on the style rather than the focusing on the style rather than the substance. Okay, that's the first thing. substance. Okay, that's the first thing. substance. Okay, that's the first thing. Second thing is that he was extremely Second thing is that he was extremely Second thing is that he was extremely well read and everything that he writes well read and everything that he writes well read and everything that he writes in every sentence there are multiple in every sentence there are multiple in every sentence there are multiple illusions and references to other books. illusions and references to other books. illusions and references to other books. Okay? So you must have read what he Okay? So you must have read what he Okay? So you must have read what he read. You must have experienced what he read. You must have experienced what he read. You must have experienced what he experienced in order to understand him. experienced in order to understand him. experienced in order to understand him. And there are those who argue that And there are those who argue that And there are those who argue that Ulisses is the greatest book in the Ulisses is the greatest book in the Ulisses is the greatest book in the world. In fact, if you go online, you world. In fact, if you go online, you world. In fact, if you go online, you just Google the best book ever written just Google the best book ever written just Google the best book ever written in human history. James choice is up in human history. James choice is up in human history. James choice is up there. Okay. Uh, Ulissiz is either there. Okay. Uh, Ulissiz is either there. Okay. Uh, Ulissiz is either number one or number two on these list number one or number two on these list number one or number two on these list of 50 best books in human of 50 best books in human of 50 best books in human history. Um, history. Um, history. Um, um, and there is there are many who tell um, and there is there are many who tell um, and there is there are many who tell me, "Yeah, James Joyce is hard, but if me, "Yeah, James Joyce is hard, but if me, "Yeah, James Joyce is hard, but if you spend the time to go over what he's you spend the time to go over what he's you spend the time to go over what he's writing and connect the references, you writing and connect the references, you writing and connect the references, you will have a transformative intellectual will have a transformative intellectual will have a transformative intellectual experience." Okay? It's almost like experience." Okay? It's almost like experience." Okay? It's almost like doing a jigsaw puzzle. Um, and that's doing a jigsaw puzzle. Um, and that's doing a jigsaw puzzle. Um, and that's all true, okay? But think about what all true, okay? But think about what all true, okay? But think about what they're saying. They're saying, what they're saying. They're saying, what they're saying. They're saying, what they're really saying is that James they're really saying is that James they're really saying is that James Joyce believes that he is God. He has Joyce believes that he is God. He has Joyce believes that he is God. He has the mind of God. And if you spend the the mind of God. And if you spend the the mind of God. And if you spend the time to understand what he writes, and time to understand what he writes, and time to understand what he writes, and it might take you years, decades, okay, it might take you years, decades, okay, it might take you years, decades, okay, you will access the mind of God. That's you will access the mind of God. That's you will access the mind of God. That's very different from Dante which is very different from Dante which is very different from Dante which is trying to use poetry to bring trying to use poetry to bring trying to use poetry to bring people into the mind of God which is a people into the mind of God which is a people into the mind of God which is a truth of the world. Okay. Donis is a lot truth of the world. Okay. Donis is a lot truth of the world. Okay. Donis is a lot more accessible than James Joyce. So more accessible than James Joyce. So more accessible than James Joyce. So look let's look at the differences. Uh look let's look at the differences. Uh look let's look at the differences. Uh modern literature as represented by modern literature as represented by modern literature as represented by Ulyses it is elitist. It's self Ulyses it is elitist. It's self Ulyses it is elitist. It's self self-referential. self-referential. self-referential. Okay, it just has a lot of illusions and Okay, it just has a lot of illusions and Okay, it just has a lot of illusions and references, but you don't you actually references, but you don't you actually references, but you don't you actually don't know what the meaning is. Like don't know what the meaning is. Like don't know what the meaning is. Like what is the bigger story here? And it's what is the bigger story here? And it's what is the bigger story here? And it's usually something called stream of usually something called stream of usually something called stream of consciousness writing, which is it's consciousness writing, which is it's consciousness writing, which is it's trying to capture the mind as it thinks trying to capture the mind as it thinks trying to capture the mind as it thinks and works. Okay, that's different from a and works. Okay, that's different from a and works. Okay, that's different from a from Homer who was who was very from Homer who was who was very from Homer who was who was very democratic. He was trying to bring democratic. He was trying to bring democratic. He was trying to bring beauty and truth to the people through beauty and truth to the people through beauty and truth to the people through epic poetry. Okay. So, starting with epic poetry. Okay. So, starting with epic poetry. Okay. So, starting with modern literature, we have this abrupt modern literature, we have this abrupt modern literature, we have this abrupt change in the nature of literature. change in the nature of literature. change in the nature of literature. Before it was about empowering Before it was about empowering Before it was about empowering people to seek the truth for themselves. people to seek the truth for themselves. people to seek the truth for themselves. Now, modern literature, it's really just Now, modern literature, it's really just Now, modern literature, it's really just this very elite club of very arrogant, this very elite club of very arrogant, this very elite club of very arrogant, hotty people. Okay. hotty people. Okay. hotty people. Okay. Um, James Joyce was good friends Wolf. Um, James Joyce was good friends Wolf. Um, James Joyce was good friends Wolf. In fact, Virginia Wolf actually In fact, Virginia Wolf actually In fact, Virginia Wolf actually published um James Joyce. In published um James Joyce. In published um James Joyce. In 1927, Wolf published a book called To 1927, Wolf published a book called To 1927, Wolf published a book called To Lighthouse and it's probably her most Lighthouse and it's probably her most Lighthouse and it's probably her most famous work and um in it she's also famous work and um in it she's also famous work and um in it she's also trying to respond to Joyce to the trying to respond to Joyce to the trying to respond to Joyce to the Lighthouse. It's very much based on Lighthouse. It's very much based on Lighthouse. It's very much based on Homer's Odyssey and um it's it's a very Homer's Odyssey and um it's it's a very Homer's Odyssey and um it's it's a very it's extremely well written. Okay, let's it's extremely well written. Okay, let's it's extremely well written. Okay, let's let's just look at what she writes. let's just look at what she writes. let's just look at what she writes. There were the eternal problems, There were the eternal problems, There were the eternal problems, suffering, death, the poor. There was suffering, death, the poor. There was suffering, death, the poor. There was always a woman dying of cancer even always a woman dying of cancer even always a woman dying of cancer even here. And yet she had said to all these here. And yet she had said to all these here. And yet she had said to all these children, "You shall go through with children, "You shall go through with children, "You shall go through with it." To eight people she had said it." To eight people she had said it." To eight people she had said relentlessly that and the bill for the relentlessly that and the bill for the relentlessly that and the bill for the greenhouse will be 50 pounds. Okay? So greenhouse will be 50 pounds. Okay? So greenhouse will be 50 pounds. Okay? So what she's what she's doing is she's what she's what she's doing is she's what she's what she's doing is she's reading a book and she's thinking about reading a book and she's thinking about reading a book and she's thinking about the issues raised by book. But she's the issues raised by book. But she's the issues raised by book. But she's also thinking about life like, "Oh, I I also thinking about life like, "Oh, I I also thinking about life like, "Oh, I I have to go and do something." Okay. And have to go and do something." Okay. And have to go and do something." Okay. And that's really how our minds work. So that's really how our minds work. So that's really how our minds work. So this captures really well stream of this captures really well stream of this captures really well stream of conscious thinking and she's heavily conscious thinking and she's heavily conscious thinking and she's heavily influenced by Freud, right? just trying influenced by Freud, right? just trying influenced by Freud, right? just trying to go into the unconscious and trying to to go into the unconscious and trying to to go into the unconscious and trying to figure out how the conscious unconscious figure out how the conscious unconscious figure out how the conscious unconscious works. The lighthouse is really about works. The lighthouse is really about works. The lighthouse is really about memory about perception about memory about perception about memory about perception about remembering. All right. Um but again remembering. All right. Um but again remembering. All right. Um but again it's extremely it's extremely it's extremely self-indulgent and it's inwardlooking self-indulgent and it's inwardlooking self-indulgent and it's inwardlooking and it's very and again it's radical and it's very and again it's radical and it's very and again it's radical departure from traditional literature. departure from traditional literature. departure from traditional literature. So let's compare So let's compare So let's compare um modern literature with Dossi. Mr. um modern literature with Dossi. Mr. um modern literature with Dossi. Mr. Before we discuss Before we discuss Before we discuss DSvski for duskyki the heart it's a deep DSvski for duskyki the heart it's a deep DSvski for duskyki the heart it's a deep impenetrable ocean and our psychology impenetrable ocean and our psychology impenetrable ocean and our psychology responds to external events. We live in responds to external events. We live in responds to external events. We live in the world and respond to the world. We the world and respond to the world. We the world and respond to the world. We must surrender ourselves to others to must surrender ourselves to others to must surrender ourselves to others to seek salvation and redemption. We cannot seek salvation and redemption. We cannot seek salvation and redemption. We cannot rely our on ourselves to forgive rely our on ourselves to forgive rely our on ourselves to forgive ourselves to love ourselves. We must ourselves to love ourselves. We must ourselves to love ourselves. We must rely on others. We are we are in a rely on others. We are we are in a rely on others. We are we are in a community of people. Okay. So these are community of people. Okay. So these are community of people. Okay. So these are the truths of daski. When we get to the truths of daski. When we get to the truths of daski. When we get to modern literature, self-discovery will modern literature, self-discovery will modern literature, self-discovery will allow for selfmastery. Our psych allow for selfmastery. Our psych allow for selfmastery. Our psych psychology responds to a suppressed psychology responds to a suppressed psychology responds to a suppressed memories. We can be our own salvation memories. We can be our own salvation memories. We can be our own salvation and redemption. It's too and redemption. It's too and redemption. It's too optimistic. Uh it's too positive. Okay? optimistic. Uh it's too positive. Okay? optimistic. Uh it's too positive. Okay? It's saying that hey, if you're poor, It's saying that hey, if you're poor, It's saying that hey, if you're poor, um don't worry about it. As long as you um don't worry about it. As long as you um don't worry about it. As long as you think happy thoughts, you'll be good. think happy thoughts, you'll be good. think happy thoughts, you'll be good. Okay? This this idea of positive Okay? This this idea of positive Okay? This this idea of positive psychology, right, that we have today. um Cole Young and Phil Simford also had um Cole Young and Phil Simford also had a major influence on Pablo Picasso and a major influence on Pablo Picasso and a major influence on Pablo Picasso and you can see it from his painting um head you can see it from his painting um head you can see it from his painting um head of a woman. Okay. Now what you will of a woman. Okay. Now what you will of a woman. Okay. Now what you will notice is it's it's it's it's a cubis notice is it's it's it's it's a cubis notice is it's it's it's it's a cubis portrait of a woman but if you look portrait of a woman but if you look portrait of a woman but if you look further it's actually two people as further it's actually two people as further it's actually two people as well. Okay. And so what this is doing is well. Okay. And so what this is doing is well. Okay. And so what this is doing is it's visually it's visually it's visually representing the theory of the self as representing the theory of the self as representing the theory of the self as presented presented presented by Yung. Okay. So so do do you see the by Yung. Okay. So so do do you see the by Yung. Okay. So so do do you see the similarities? similarities? similarities? Great. Great. Great. Okay. So why is this art spreading Okay. So why is this art spreading Okay. So why is this art spreading throughout the world? Well, I mean not throughout the world? Well, I mean not throughout the world? Well, I mean not to be conspiracy theorist, but let's to be conspiracy theorist, but let's to be conspiracy theorist, but let's look at an article, right? Was modern look at an article, right? Was modern look at an article, right? Was modern art really a CIA scop? All right. So art really a CIA scop? All right. So art really a CIA scop? All right. So this article is from JStore which is a this article is from JStore which is a this article is from JStore which is a academic journal very mainstream and academic journal very mainstream and academic journal very mainstream and this let's read what it writes in the this let's read what it writes in the this let's read what it writes in the mid 20th century modern art and design mid 20th century modern art and design mid 20th century modern art and design represented the liberalism individualism represented the liberalism individualism represented the liberalism individualism dynamic activity and creative risk risk dynamic activity and creative risk risk dynamic activity and creative risk risk possible in a free society. Okay. So in possible in a free society. Okay. So in possible in a free society. Okay. So in other words right other words right other words right now uh the capitalist west is at war now uh the capitalist west is at war now uh the capitalist west is at war with communism. 1920s, 1930s, 1940s, with communism. 1920s, 1930s, 1940s, with communism. 1920s, 1930s, 1940s, common is spreading all around the common is spreading all around the common is spreading all around the world. It's very popular among people. world. It's very popular among people. world. It's very popular among people. It calls for collective It calls for collective It calls for collective action. So, um, the capitalist west, the action. So, um, the capitalist west, the action. So, um, the capitalist west, the powers that be, they're spreading Freud, powers that be, they're spreading Freud, powers that be, they're spreading Freud, they're spreading joy, they're spreading they're spreading joy, they're spreading they're spreading joy, they're spreading Wolfe, they're spreading Pablo Castle, Wolfe, they're spreading Pablo Castle, Wolfe, they're spreading Pablo Castle, they're spreading all this art, this they're spreading all this art, this they're spreading all this art, this modernist art in order to create a cult modernist art in order to create a cult modernist art in order to create a cult of self. Because if you believe in the of self. Because if you believe in the of self. Because if you believe in the code of the self, if you believe that code of the self, if you believe that code of the self, if you believe that you are the source of everything, then you are the source of everything, then you are the source of everything, then you don't you're not capable of you don't you're not capable of you don't you're not capable of collective action. Okay, so in many ways collective action. Okay, so in many ways collective action. Okay, so in many ways this this is response the problem posed this this is response the problem posed this this is response the problem posed by communism. And this will be um by communism. And this will be um by communism. And this will be um obviously uh most obvious during the obviously uh most obvious during the obviously uh most obvious during the cold war. Okay, does that make cold war. Okay, does that make cold war. Okay, does that make sense? All right. So why would that be sense? All right. So why would that be sense? All right. So why would that be bad? Why what would the cold itself be bad? Why what would the cold itself be bad? Why what would the cold itself be bad? Well, this is Macau Buchanan and he bad? Well, this is Macau Buchanan and he bad? Well, this is Macau Buchanan and he explains it very well in his writings. explains it very well in his writings. explains it very well in his writings. Okay, so let's read really quickly what Okay, so let's read really quickly what Okay, so let's read really quickly what he he he wrote. Having human in man and freedom wrote. Having human in man and freedom wrote. Having human in man and freedom above all is a product of a social above all is a product of a social above all is a product of a social collective labor. To be free and collective labor. To be free and collective labor. To be free and absolute isolation is absurdity invented absolute isolation is absurdity invented absolute isolation is absurdity invented by theologians, metaphysicians who have by theologians, metaphysicians who have by theologians, metaphysicians who have replaced the society of humans by that replaced the society of humans by that replaced the society of humans by that of God. They're phantom. To say that of God. They're phantom. To say that of God. They're phantom. To say that each person feels free in the presence each person feels free in the presence each person feels free in the presence of God, that is the presence of absolute of God, that is the presence of absolute of God, that is the presence of absolute emptiness. emptiness. emptiness. nothingness. Freedom in isolation then nothingness. Freedom in isolation then nothingness. Freedom in isolation then is a freedom of nothingness or indeed is a freedom of nothingness or indeed is a freedom of nothingness or indeed the nothingness of freedom, slavery. the nothingness of freedom, slavery. the nothingness of freedom, slavery. God, the figment of God has been God, the figment of God has been God, the figment of God has been historically the moral source or rather historically the moral source or rather historically the moral source or rather the immoral source of all slaveries. So the immoral source of all slaveries. So the immoral source of all slaveries. So what he's saying is the radical turning what he's saying is the radical turning what he's saying is the radical turning point in human history is the invention point in human history is the invention point in human history is the invention of Christianity because it allows it of Christianity because it allows it of Christianity because it allows it gives us the idea of gives us the idea of gives us the idea of individualism and we think that's a good individualism and we think that's a good individualism and we think that's a good thing because we we're taught that thing because we we're taught that thing because we we're taught that individuality individ individualism individuality individ individualism individuality individ individualism means free choice. It means freedom. means free choice. It means freedom. means free choice. It means freedom. What he's saying is that's that's an What he's saying is that's that's an What he's saying is that's that's an absurdity. We only have freedom from our absurdity. We only have freedom from our absurdity. We only have freedom from our community. We only have freedom if community. We only have freedom if community. We only have freedom if others are free around us. If we are others are free around us. If we are others are free around us. If we are free but no one else is free, then we free but no one else is free, then we free but no one else is free, then we are slaves as well. So are slaves as well. So are slaves as well. So because individuality prevents us from because individuality prevents us from because individuality prevents us from working with others, from loving working with others, from loving working with others, from loving others, then that makes us slaves to others, then that makes us slaves to others, then that makes us slaves to ourselves and that allows for the powers ourselves and that allows for the powers ourselves and that allows for the powers that be in society to better control us. that be in society to better control us. that be in society to better control us. Okay? And so what he's saying is Okay? And so what he's saying is Okay? And so what he's saying is Christianity is a slave religion. All Christianity is a slave religion. All Christianity is a slave religion. All right? It was designed to make us all right? It was designed to make us all right? It was designed to make us all into slaves. And this will and he and into slaves. And this will and he and into slaves. And this will and he and Buchanan lived in 19th Buchanan lived in 19th Buchanan lived in 19th century. But if he read century. But if he read century. But if he read Freud then he would also argue that the Freud then he would also argue that the Freud then he would also argue that the cult of cult of cult of psychoanalysis. It's really about psychoanalysis. It's really about psychoanalysis. It's really about entrapping yourself in your own emotions. As for us, we want neither emotions. As for us, we want neither phantoms nor nothingness, but living phantoms nor nothingness, but living phantoms nor nothingness, but living human reality. And we recognize that man human reality. And we recognize that man human reality. And we recognize that man can feel free be free and therefore can can feel free be free and therefore can can feel free be free and therefore can achieve freedom. In order to be free I achieve freedom. In order to be free I achieve freedom. In order to be free I need to see myself surrounded by men by need to see myself surrounded by men by need to see myself surrounded by men by free men and be recognized as such by free men and be recognized as such by free men and be recognized as such by them. I am free only when my them. I am free only when my them. I am free only when my individuality reflected in the mirror of individuality reflected in the mirror of individuality reflected in the mirror of the equally free consciousness of every the equally free consciousness of every the equally free consciousness of every individual around me comes back to me individual around me comes back to me individual around me comes back to me strengthened by everyone's recognition. strengthened by everyone's recognition. strengthened by everyone's recognition. Okay. So what he's saying is this. If Okay. So what he's saying is this. If Okay. So what he's saying is this. If you want to be happy, if you want to be you want to be happy, if you want to be you want to be happy, if you want to be free, care about others, be kind to free, care about others, be kind to free, care about others, be kind to others, work with other people. others, work with other people. others, work with other people. Sacrifice your own self-interest for the Sacrifice your own self-interest for the Sacrifice your own self-interest for the self-interest for for the for the self-interest for for the for the self-interest for for the for the greater good. Okay? That is what that greater good. Okay? That is what that greater good. Okay? That is what that will that is that is what will make you will that is that is what will make you will that is that is what will make you really happy. And that's generally true really happy. And that's generally true really happy. And that's generally true because think about this, okay? If because think about this, okay? If because think about this, okay? If you're by yourself, will you be happy? you're by yourself, will you be happy? you're by yourself, will you be happy? Probably not. But if you have a family, Probably not. But if you have a family, Probably not. But if you have a family, you have kids, you don't have any you have kids, you don't have any you have kids, you don't have any freedom, but you're a happier person in freedom, but you're a happier person in freedom, but you're a happier person in many in many many ways. You're a more many in many many ways. You're a more many in many many ways. You're a more free person because you have better free person because you have better free person because you have better control of your emotions. You have more control of your emotions. You have more control of your emotions. You have more purpose in life. All right. So purpose in life. All right. So purpose in life. All right. So um let's bring this to the present day. um let's bring this to the present day. um let's bring this to the present day. Social media. What social media is? It Social media. What social media is? It Social media. What social media is? It is the democratization of the cult is the democratization of the cult is the democratization of the cult itself. Before only the wealthy could itself. Before only the wealthy could itself. Before only the wealthy could enjoy the cult itself, right? only the enjoy the cult itself, right? only the enjoy the cult itself, right? only the wealthy could take the time to wealthy could take the time to wealthy could take the time to self-indulge. But now with social media, self-indulge. But now with social media, self-indulge. But now with social media, everyone can participate in the cult of everyone can participate in the cult of everyone can participate in the cult of self and that has led to a global self and that has led to a global self and that has led to a global um epidemic of depression. Okay. So look um epidemic of depression. Okay. So look um epidemic of depression. Okay. So look look at look at year 2015. You see this look at look at year 2015. You see this look at look at year 2015. You see this huge spike in depressive symptoms huge spike in depressive symptoms huge spike in depressive symptoms because 2015 is the year when we had because 2015 is the year when we had because 2015 is the year when we had access to smartphones, right? So now access to smartphones, right? So now access to smartphones, right? So now young people feel they can't do anything young people feel they can't do anything young people feel they can't do anything right. Life is not useful and I do not right. Life is not useful and I do not right. Life is not useful and I do not enjoy life. Okay. This huge spike which enjoy life. Okay. This huge spike which enjoy life. Okay. This huge spike which has led to a huge spike in suicide. All has led to a huge spike in suicide. All has led to a huge spike in suicide. All right. And this is happening throughout right. And this is happening throughout right. And this is happening throughout the world not only in North America and the world not only in North America and the world not only in North America and Europe but also in Latin America and Europe but also in Latin America and Europe but also in Latin America and East Asia as well. So the color itself East Asia as well. So the color itself East Asia as well. So the color itself which originated in Europe has now which originated in Europe has now which originated in Europe has now conquered the world through conquered the world through conquered the world through technology. All technology. All technology. All right. So, right. So, right. So, um that's it. Right. So, the answer to um that's it. Right. So, the answer to um that's it. Right. So, the answer to the three questions. The first question the three questions. The first question the three questions. The first question is where did Freud get his idea? Second is where did Freud get his idea? Second is where did Freud get his idea? Second question, uh why did Freud break of Yun? question, uh why did Freud break of Yun? question, uh why did Freud break of Yun? The third question, why is Freud's idea The third question, why is Freud's idea The third question, why is Freud's idea so popular today? Okay. Well, it's all so popular today? Okay. Well, it's all so popular today? Okay. Well, it's all to serve the interests of the powerful to serve the interests of the powerful to serve the interests of the powerful and that's the world we live in today. and that's the world we live in today. and that's the world we live in today. And the only solution moving forward is And the only solution moving forward is And the only solution moving forward is if we rediscovered our humanity. We if if we rediscovered our humanity. We if if we rediscovered our humanity. We if we are able to find the courage to um we are able to find the courage to um we are able to find the courage to um care about others and put the interests care about others and put the interests care about others and put the interests of others before our own interests, we of others before our own interests, we of others before our own interests, we ourselves must choose to kill the cult ourselves must choose to kill the cult ourselves must choose to kill the cult of the self. Okay. All right. So, uh of the self. Okay. All right. So, uh of the self. Okay. All right. So, uh next class we will do um nationalism, next class we will do um nationalism, next class we will do um nationalism, right?