So good morning. Um we have three more So good morning. Um we have three more classes. Uh the first class we are doing classes. Uh the first class we are doing classes. Uh the first class we are doing today is on the nation state. Next today is on the nation state. Next today is on the nation state. Next Tuesday we will do the Soviet Union. And Tuesday we will do the Soviet Union. And Tuesday we will do the Soviet Union. And then the last class next Thursday will then the last class next Thursday will then the last class next Thursday will be the American Empire. And that will do be the American Empire. And that will do be the American Empire. And that will do it for the year. 60 classes. We've it for the year. 60 classes. We've it for the year. 60 classes. We've covered the entire span of human covered the entire span of human covered the entire span of human history. So um today we are doing the history. So um today we are doing the history. So um today we are doing the nation state. nation state. nation state. Nation state is composed of two words Nation state is composed of two words Nation state is composed of two words nation and state. State is easy to nation and state. State is easy to nation and state. State is easy to understand. It is just the supreme understand. It is just the supreme understand. It is just the supreme executive authority sovereign to a executive authority sovereign to a executive authority sovereign to a territory. The nation is a new idea and territory. The nation is a new idea and territory. The nation is a new idea and it's the idea of a people with a shared it's the idea of a people with a shared it's the idea of a people with a shared identity whether it's a language or a identity whether it's a language or a identity whether it's a language or a culture or a history or ethnicity. Okay. culture or a history or ethnicity. Okay. culture or a history or ethnicity. Okay. So um for example the Jews were for the So um for example the Jews were for the So um for example the Jews were for the longest time a nation the state okay it longest time a nation the state okay it longest time a nation the state okay it was only uh until the founding of Israel was only uh until the founding of Israel was only uh until the founding of Israel that the Jews had a nation state uh that the Jews had a nation state uh that the Jews had a nation state uh today uh there are many peoples today uh there are many peoples today uh there are many peoples including the Kurds who are a people including the Kurds who are a people including the Kurds who are a people living in the Middle East they are a living in the Middle East they are a living in the Middle East they are a nation but they don't have a state okay nation but they don't have a state okay nation but they don't have a state okay and this idea of the nation state um it and this idea of the nation state um it and this idea of the nation state um it is probably the most powerful ideology is probably the most powerful ideology is probably the most powerful ideology in human history. Um, it has led people in human history. Um, it has led people in human history. Um, it has led people to tremendous achievements, but it's to tremendous achievements, but it's to tremendous achievements, but it's also led people to catastrophic wars, also led people to catastrophic wars, also led people to catastrophic wars, including World War I and World War II. including World War I and World War II. including World War I and World War II. All right. All right. So, first thing I All right. All right. So, first thing I All right. All right. So, first thing I want to do is go over where this idea want to do is go over where this idea want to do is go over where this idea comes from. And in many ways it is the comes from. And in many ways it is the comes from. And in many ways it is the culmination of um different religious, economic and um different religious, economic and social cultural factors. Okay. So let's social cultural factors. Okay. So let's social cultural factors. Okay. So let's look at them individually. Religion. All right. Um so as we Religion. All right. Um so as we discussed last class with the Protestant discussed last class with the Protestant discussed last class with the Protestant Reformation there is now a crisis of Reformation there is now a crisis of Reformation there is now a crisis of faith because Christianity creates the faith because Christianity creates the faith because Christianity creates the idea of the individual. The individual idea of the individual. The individual idea of the individual. The individual is in direct connection with God. Before is in direct connection with God. Before is in direct connection with God. Before the church would mediate this the church would mediate this the church would mediate this connection. So you didn't have to worry connection. So you didn't have to worry connection. So you didn't have to worry about God. You just have to worry about about God. You just have to worry about about God. You just have to worry about the church. If you did what the church the church. If you did what the church the church. If you did what the church told you, you could be promised entry told you, you could be promised entry told you, you could be promised entry into heaven. The prot reformation into heaven. The prot reformation into heaven. The prot reformation removes the Catholic Church from the removes the Catholic Church from the removes the Catholic Church from the equation. Now you are in direct commune equation. Now you are in direct commune equation. Now you are in direct commune with God and you must show absolute with God and you must show absolute with God and you must show absolute faith if you are to achieve um faith if you are to achieve um faith if you are to achieve um salvation. Okay. And so this creates a salvation. Okay. And so this creates a salvation. Okay. And so this creates a crisis of faith because as an crisis of faith because as an crisis of faith because as an individual how do you know you truly individual how do you know you truly individual how do you know you truly believe in God? You know you love your believe in God? You know you love your believe in God? You know you love your mothers but do you love your mother mothers but do you love your mother mothers but do you love your mother every single day all the time? Probably every single day all the time? Probably every single day all the time? Probably not. Okay. But um in religion you cannot not. Okay. But um in religion you cannot not. Okay. But um in religion you cannot doubt God ever. You can never you can doubt God ever. You can never you can doubt God ever. You can never you can never throw a t temper tantrum at God or never throw a t temper tantrum at God or never throw a t temper tantrum at God or you will be sent to hell. So it creates you will be sent to hell. So it creates you will be sent to hell. So it creates this conflict. Okay. Um and there are this conflict. Okay. Um and there are this conflict. Okay. Um and there are diff and historically there have been diff and historically there have been diff and historically there have been different solutions to this problem. So different solutions to this problem. So different solutions to this problem. So the first solution that people have the first solution that people have the first solution that people have proposed is the idea of money. Let's proposed is the idea of money. Let's proposed is the idea of money. Let's just replace God with just replace God with just replace God with money. Right? Right? And that gives us money. Right? Right? And that gives us money. Right? Right? And that gives us the idea of capitalism. Um the Calvinists believe capitalism. Um the Calvinists believe this, okay? That God is money, money is this, okay? That God is money, money is this, okay? That God is money, money is God. And if you accumulate enough God. And if you accumulate enough God. And if you accumulate enough wealth, then that shows your absolute wealth, then that shows your absolute wealth, then that shows your absolute faith in God and God's love for you. All faith in God and God's love for you. All faith in God and God's love for you. All right? Um so that's the idea of money. right? Um so that's the idea of money. right? Um so that's the idea of money. Then people have said, "Nope, God is Then people have said, "Nope, God is Then people have said, "Nope, God is reason." All right? So as long as you reason." All right? So as long as you reason." All right? So as long as you pursue reason, as long as you show pursue reason, as long as you show pursue reason, as long as you show enlightenment, then that shows your enlightenment, then that shows your enlightenment, then that shows your faith in God. Okay? And this gives us faith in God. Okay? And this gives us faith in God. Okay? And this gives us the idea of the the idea of the the idea of the enlightenment. Sorry, Right? Then others have said, "Nope, God Right? Then others have said, "Nope, God is the individual itself. Okay. So, as long as you believe in Okay. So, as long as you believe in yourself, as long as you engage in a yourself, as long as you engage in a yourself, as long as you engage in a process of self-discovery and process of self-discovery and process of self-discovery and self-growth, then that will lead you self-growth, then that will lead you self-growth, then that will lead you into heaven. And this was most famous into heaven. And this was most famous into heaven. And this was most famous famous famously proposed and we famous famously proposed and we famous famously proposed and we discussed this last class by discussed this last class by discussed this last class by Freud and Yun. And this has become the Freud and Yun. And this has become the Freud and Yun. And this has become the basis for what we call modernism, right? basis for what we call modernism, right? basis for what we call modernism, right? which is still with which is still with which is still with us us us today. today. today. Um and then there's proposed another Um and then there's proposed another Um and then there's proposed another solution to this problem and it's the solution to this problem and it's the solution to this problem and it's the idea that God is in the idea that God is in the idea that God is in the nation. All right? And it turns out that nation. All right? And it turns out that nation. All right? And it turns out that of all these ideas, the most powerful, of all these ideas, the most powerful, of all these ideas, the most powerful, the most resilient, the most enduring is the most resilient, the most enduring is the most resilient, the most enduring is this this this idea that by celebrating your nation, idea that by celebrating your nation, idea that by celebrating your nation, you are celebrating your faith in God. you are celebrating your faith in God. you are celebrating your faith in God. Why? Because the other solutions propose Why? Because the other solutions propose Why? Because the other solutions propose a problem. And it and the problem a problem. And it and the problem a problem. And it and the problem um it creates is the individual is still um it creates is the individual is still um it creates is the individual is still isolated from others. Okay. It still isolated from others. Okay. It still isolated from others. Okay. It still creates a problem of creates a problem of creates a problem of alienation and the nation solves this alienation and the nation solves this alienation and the nation solves this problem right because a nation has to be problem right because a nation has to be problem right because a nation has to be by definition a community of individuals by definition a community of individuals by definition a community of individuals with a shared with a shared with a shared identity. identity. identity. So the So the So the nation is the perfect solution because nation is the perfect solution because nation is the perfect solution because it both um solves the problem of it both um solves the problem of it both um solves the problem of religion and it solves a problem of religion and it solves a problem of religion and it solves a problem of politics and community. In fact the politics and community. In fact the politics and community. In fact the nation is a conflation of both religion nation is a conflation of both religion nation is a conflation of both religion and politics. Okay? And that's why and politics. Okay? And that's why and politics. Okay? And that's why historically it has been the most historically it has been the most historically it has been the most emotionally emotionally uh the most emotionally emotionally uh the most emotionally emotionally uh the most powerful idea. Right? Does that make powerful idea. Right? Does that make powerful idea. Right? Does that make sense? All right. So from a religious sense? All right. So from a religious sense? All right. So from a religious purpose purpose purpose uh the nation state solves the problem uh the nation state solves the problem uh the nation state solves the problem of faith and of faith and of faith and alienation. All right. Now let's look at economics. So during this time you have economics. So during this time you have the industrial revolution and there are many issues revolution and there are many issues created by the industrial revolution. created by the industrial revolution. created by the industrial revolution. Um the first problem Um the first problem Um the first problem is you need to constantly expand because is you need to constantly expand because is you need to constantly expand because you need markets and resources right. So you need markets and resources right. So you need markets and resources right. So expansion another saying this is that expansion another saying this is that expansion another saying this is that you need to engage in imperialism. Another problem created by imperialism. Another problem created by the problem of the industrial revolution the problem of the industrial revolution the problem of the industrial revolution is the rise of the boujo z. Bjo. z. Bjo. Um, historically it was the priests and Um, historically it was the priests and Um, historically it was the priests and the warriors who were the elite of the warriors who were the elite of the warriors who were the elite of society. But now with the industrial society. But now with the industrial society. But now with the industrial revolution, the boujo, the revolution, the boujo, the revolution, the boujo, the industrialists and the capitalists are industrialists and the capitalists are industrialists and the capitalists are now the new elite. And as such they now the new elite. And as such they now the new elite. And as such they obviously want more political obviously want more political obviously want more political power but they all but what they really power but they all but what they really power but they all but what they really want is um property um property rights, right? They want to be assured rights, right? They want to be assured rights, right? They want to be assured that the wealth they've generated can be that the wealth they've generated can be that the wealth they've generated can be protected and inherited by their protected and inherited by their protected and inherited by their children and their grandchildren and children and their grandchildren and children and their grandchildren and great great grandchildren. Now the great great grandchildren. Now the great great grandchildren. Now the problem is this. The problem is uh the problem is this. The problem is uh the problem is this. The problem is uh the system of the monarchy cannot really ensure property monarchy cannot really ensure property rights and the reason why is the king rights and the reason why is the king rights and the reason why is the king can be overthrown. Okay, their stocky can be overthrown. Okay, their stocky can be overthrown. Okay, their stocky can be overthrown and this is what can be overthrown and this is what can be overthrown and this is what happens throughout European happens throughout European happens throughout European history but the nation state cannot be history but the nation state cannot be history but the nation state cannot be overthrown. Right? Does that make sense? overthrown. Right? Does that make sense? overthrown. Right? Does that make sense? So the nation state is a So the nation state is a So the nation state is a solution to the problem of property solution to the problem of property solution to the problem of property rights for the partial rights for the partial rights for the partial Z. Also the nation state has the Z. Also the nation state has the Z. Also the nation state has the resources to engage in resources to engage in resources to engage in imperialism and it has the desire to imperialism and it has the desire to imperialism and it has the desire to engage in imperialism. Monarchies are engage in imperialism. Monarchies are engage in imperialism. Monarchies are usually pretty conservative. They like usually pretty conservative. They like usually pretty conservative. They like to maintain their position and they will to maintain their position and they will to maintain their position and they will form alliances in order to maintain form alliances in order to maintain form alliances in order to maintain their uh position. The nation state is their uh position. The nation state is their uh position. The nation state is aggressive and expansionist and aggressive and expansionist and aggressive and expansionist and imperilous. Okay, does that make sense? imperilous. Okay, does that make sense? imperilous. Okay, does that make sense? So from an e economic perspective u the So from an e economic perspective u the So from an e economic perspective u the nation state solves a problem created by nation state solves a problem created by nation state solves a problem created by the industrial the industrial the industrial revolution. Okay, so that's the economic revolution. Okay, so that's the economic revolution. Okay, so that's the economic factor. Then let's look at factor. Then let's look at factor. Then let's look at the social cultural factor. the social cultural factor. the social cultural factor. social cultural aspect of this of this. social cultural aspect of this of this. social cultural aspect of this of this. So what's happening because of the So what's happening because of the So what's happening because of the industrial revolution is that people are industrial revolution is that people are industrial revolution is that people are moving from the moving from the moving from the towns. Oh, sorry I said this wrong. towns. Oh, sorry I said this wrong. towns. Oh, sorry I said this wrong. People are moving from the People are moving from the People are moving from the villages to the cities. Okay, you have villages to the cities. Okay, you have villages to the cities. Okay, you have this massive process of this massive process of this massive process of urbanization also because in the urbanization also because in the urbanization also because in the revolution there's more trade. There's revolution there's more trade. There's revolution there's more trade. There's now the market, right? So these goods now the market, right? So these goods now the market, right? So these goods are proliferating throughout the entire are proliferating throughout the entire are proliferating throughout the entire country. Okay? Okay. And this creates country. Okay? Okay. And this creates country. Okay? Okay. And this creates the idea of the idea of the idea of systemization and standardization and you have mobility of standardization and you have mobility of people, of goods and of ideas. The people, of goods and of ideas. The people, of goods and of ideas. The mobility and then you have new mobility and then you have new mobility and then you have new technology, right? not just uh in factories and not just in not just uh in factories and not just in like steamships but also in print and it like steamships but also in print and it like steamships but also in print and it spreads spreads spreads literacy and information. information. So think of this as just the beginning So think of this as just the beginning So think of this as just the beginning of globalization right in China we're of globalization right in China we're of globalization right in China we're inu inuluated with uh new ideas all the inu inuluated with uh new ideas all the inu inuluated with uh new ideas all the time because of the internet because of time because of the internet because of time because of the internet because of access to the world but for people for access to the world but for people for access to the world but for people for most people this can be um frustrating most people this can be um frustrating most people this can be um frustrating and bewildering and it creates and bewildering and it creates and bewildering and it creates psychological issues okay primarily uh psychological issues okay primarily uh psychological issues okay primarily uh the idea of the idea of the idea of enemy enemy just means means enemy enemy just means means enemy enemy just means means um a loss of sense of cultural um a loss of sense of cultural um a loss of sense of cultural rootedness, right? Um as things change, rootedness, right? Um as things change, rootedness, right? Um as things change, you don't know how to adapt to the you don't know how to adapt to the you don't know how to adapt to the change. Your values are based on the change. Your values are based on the change. Your values are based on the past. You're not sure if your values can past. You're not sure if your values can past. You're not sure if your values can confront the future. Okay. Also, confront the future. Okay. Also, confront the future. Okay. Also, alienation. Alienation just means a alienation. Alienation just means a alienation. Alienation just means a sense of power of sense of power of sense of power of powerlessnesslessness. Okay. You lack powerlessnesslessness. Okay. You lack powerlessnesslessness. Okay. You lack agency. These changes are happening. so agency. These changes are happening. so agency. These changes are happening. so fast and so quickly you don't know if fast and so quickly you don't know if fast and so quickly you don't know if you can control these changes. you can control these changes. you can control these changes. Also Also Also disenchantment disenchantment disenchantment disenchantment disenchantment disenchantment disenchantment means all these changes disenchantment means all these changes disenchantment means all these changes changes are changes are changes are dehumanizing right you're becoming just dehumanizing right you're becoming just dehumanizing right you're becoming just a and machine you're becoming no a and machine you're becoming no a and machine you're becoming no more than a machine in today's world AI more than a machine in today's world AI more than a machine in today's world AI could possibly replace us all right so could possibly replace us all right so could possibly replace us all right so it's creating all this doubt all this it's creating all this doubt all this it's creating all this doubt all this confusion and the nation confusion and the nation confusion and the nation state okay so and there are different state okay so and there are different state okay so and there are different solutions to is there's liberalism, and then there's liberalism, and then there's nationalism. And for people, okay, all nationalism. And for people, okay, all nationalism. And for people, okay, all three ideas are are appealing, but three ideas are are appealing, but three ideas are are appealing, but u communism preaches the idea of u communism preaches the idea of u communism preaches the idea of international solidarity, right? Which international solidarity, right? Which international solidarity, right? Which can be for people even more confusing. can be for people even more confusing. can be for people even more confusing. Liberalism preaches the idea of Liberalism preaches the idea of Liberalism preaches the idea of individual rights. But if you're poor, individual rights. But if you're poor, individual rights. But if you're poor, the right to speak, uh, the right to the right to speak, uh, the right to the right to speak, uh, the right to organize does not really apply to you. organize does not really apply to you. organize does not really apply to you. And the fact of the matter is that most And the fact of the matter is that most And the fact of the matter is that most are poor. But are poor. But are poor. But nationalism, okay, the fact that we are nationalism, okay, the fact that we are nationalism, okay, the fact that we are one group of people in a struggle one group of people in a struggle one group of people in a struggle against other groups of people, this is against other groups of people, this is against other groups of people, this is powerful. Okay, this is appealing. Also, powerful. Okay, this is appealing. Also, powerful. Okay, this is appealing. Also, if you think about it, nationalism can if you think about it, nationalism can if you think about it, nationalism can absorb other ideas, right? You can be absorb other ideas, right? You can be absorb other ideas, right? You can be both a nationalist and a liberal. And in both a nationalist and a liberal. And in both a nationalist and a liberal. And in fact, most people were. You can also be fact, most people were. You can also be fact, most people were. You can also be a nationalist and a communist which was a nationalist and a communist which was a nationalist and a communist which was what Joseph Salen proposed right and what Joseph Salen proposed right and what Joseph Salen proposed right and this is what mon proposed. So this is what mon proposed. So this is what mon proposed. So nationalism is the one ideology that can nationalism is the one ideology that can nationalism is the one ideology that can absorb and control all other ide absorb and control all other ide absorb and control all other ide ideologies. Okay does that make sense? ideologies. Okay does that make sense? ideologies. Okay does that make sense? So for these three particular reasons So for these three particular reasons So for these three particular reasons religious religious religious transformation economic transformation transformation economic transformation transformation economic transformation and social cultural transformation the and social cultural transformation the and social cultural transformation the nation state became the best idea of nation state became the best idea of nation state became the best idea of that time and it spread really quickly. that time and it spread really quickly. that time and it spread really quickly. Okay. All right. So, let's talk about Okay. All right. So, let's talk about Okay. All right. So, let's talk about widespread. Okay. To understand widespread. Okay. To understand widespread. Okay. To understand widespread so quickly, let's talk about widespread so quickly, let's talk about widespread so quickly, let's talk about game game game theory. Game theory. So, let's imagine theory. Game theory. So, let's imagine theory. Game theory. So, let's imagine let's do a thought experiment and say let's do a thought experiment and say let's do a thought experiment and say there are millions of us playing a game. there are millions of us playing a game. there are millions of us playing a game. It doesn't matter what game we're It doesn't matter what game we're It doesn't matter what game we're playing. Okay? It could be like playing. Okay? It could be like playing. Okay? It could be like checkers, it could be chess, it could be checkers, it could be chess, it could be checkers, it could be chess, it could be monopoly, it could be game of tag, it monopoly, it could be game of tag, it monopoly, it could be game of tag, it doesn't matter. But, there are millions doesn't matter. But, there are millions doesn't matter. But, there are millions of us individually playing this game. of us individually playing this game. of us individually playing this game. We're all individual players. The We're all individual players. The We're all individual players. The problem is this. The problem is that if problem is this. The problem is that if problem is this. The problem is that if maybe a group of us, maybe three or four maybe a group of us, maybe three or four maybe a group of us, maybe three or four or five, they decide that they will or five, they decide that they will or five, they decide that they will coordinate. They're going to get they're coordinate. They're going to get they're coordinate. They're going to get they're going to play the game together. Maybe going to play the game together. Maybe going to play the game together. Maybe because they're family, maybe because because they're family, maybe because because they're family, maybe because your friends, it doesn't matter why, but your friends, it doesn't matter why, but your friends, it doesn't matter why, but the moment they decide to play as a the moment they decide to play as a the moment they decide to play as a group, this automatically forces group, this automatically forces group, this automatically forces everyone else to group together. Okay? everyone else to group together. Okay? everyone else to group together. Okay? And that's the idea of the nation state. And that's the idea of the nation state. And that's the idea of the nation state. The moment that France decide we're a The moment that France decide we're a The moment that France decide we're a nation state, that forces everyone else, nation state, that forces everyone else, nation state, that forces everyone else, Germany, Russia, Italy to become nation Germany, Russia, Italy to become nation Germany, Russia, Italy to become nation states as as well because otherwise states as as well because otherwise states as as well because otherwise you're going to lose this game. Right? you're going to lose this game. Right? you're going to lose this game. Right? The other thing that's really important The other thing that's really important The other thing that's really important for us to remember about this theory is for us to remember about this theory is for us to remember about this theory is this. To win this game now, as an Asian this. To win this game now, as an Asian this. To win this game now, as an Asian state, it does not actually matter your state, it does not actually matter your state, it does not actually matter your size. What matters is size. What matters is size. What matters is your your your cohesion. How well you're willing to cohesion. How well you're willing to cohesion. How well you're willing to work together to to play to play this work together to to play to play this work together to to play to play this game, right? Or maybe unity of game, right? Or maybe unity of game, right? Or maybe unity of will. So, for will. So, for will. So, for example, maybe there's a bar fight example, maybe there's a bar fight example, maybe there's a bar fight between four brothers and 10 strangers. between four brothers and 10 strangers. between four brothers and 10 strangers. Well, I would bet the four brothers are Well, I would bet the four brothers are Well, I would bet the four brothers are more likely to win than the 10 more likely to win than the 10 more likely to win than the 10 strangers, right? because the 10 strangers, right? because the 10 strangers, right? because the 10 strangers don't really know each other. strangers don't really know each other. strangers don't really know each other. They don't really care. There's not much They don't really care. There's not much They don't really care. There's not much at stake here. But the four brothers at stake here. But the four brothers at stake here. But the four brothers need to protect each other, okay? And need to protect each other, okay? And need to protect each other, okay? And they love each other. And so they're they love each other. And so they're they love each other. And so they're going to fight a lot harder. They're going to fight a lot harder. They're going to fight a lot harder. They're going to fight to the death. Whereas the going to fight to the death. Whereas the going to fight to the death. Whereas the 10 strangers, if they feel uh they're 10 strangers, if they feel uh they're 10 strangers, if they feel uh they're going to lose, they're going to run going to lose, they're going to run going to lose, they're going to run away. Okay? So that's the idea of the away. Okay? So that's the idea of the away. Okay? So that's the idea of the nation state. What determines the nation state. What determines the nation state. What determines the strength of the nation state is unit of strength of the nation state is unit of strength of the nation state is unit of will, cohesion, not size, not wealth, will, cohesion, not size, not wealth, will, cohesion, not size, not wealth, not territory. Okay? That's really not territory. Okay? That's really not territory. Okay? That's really important to remember. Does that make important to remember. Does that make important to remember. Does that make sense? sense? sense? Okay. So, um the idea of a nation state Okay. So, um the idea of a nation state Okay. So, um the idea of a nation state comes from two different sources. The comes from two different sources. The comes from two different sources. The first is the romanticism. Okay. So to summarize to romanticism. Okay. So to summarize to recap the enlightenment is this major recap the enlightenment is this major recap the enlightenment is this major intellectual trend happening in 17th and intellectual trend happening in 17th and intellectual trend happening in 17th and 18th and 19th century Europe at this 18th and 19th century Europe at this 18th and 19th century Europe at this time right the spread of reason as a god time right the spread of reason as a god time right the spread of reason as a god the spread of science of literacy of the spread of science of literacy of the spread of science of literacy of three thinking of three thinking of three thinking of debate right romanticism is something we debate right romanticism is something we debate right romanticism is something we didn't really talk that much about but didn't really talk that much about but didn't really talk that much about but romantism is a direct direct romantism is a direct direct romantism is a direct direct response to the problems created by response to the problems created by response to the problems created by romantis oh sorry by by by the romantis oh sorry by by by the romantis oh sorry by by by the enlightenment Because Enlightenment enlightenment Because Enlightenment enlightenment Because Enlightenment preaches the idea of preaches the idea of preaches the idea of science of science of science of um social forces um social forces um social forces um of an idea called theism which is God um of an idea called theism which is God um of an idea called theism which is God has um set the rules of the game. He's has um set the rules of the game. He's has um set the rules of the game. He's left us and we're free to play the game. left us and we're free to play the game. left us and we're free to play the game. And this creates a lot of anxiety in And this creates a lot of anxiety in And this creates a lot of anxiety in people. So romantics were a movement to people. So romantics were a movement to people. So romantics were a movement to respond to the problems created by respond to the problems created by respond to the problems created by enlightenment. Um so they focus more on enlightenment. Um so they focus more on enlightenment. Um so they focus more on nature rather than nature rather than nature rather than science. Okay. They believe that um science. Okay. They believe that um science. Okay. They believe that um there's a divine power to nature that we there's a divine power to nature that we there's a divine power to nature that we can access by embracing it. They can access by embracing it. They can access by embracing it. They believed in the idea of individual will believed in the idea of individual will believed in the idea of individual will to change the course of history that the to change the course of history that the to change the course of history that the individual that we are stronger than the individual that we are stronger than the individual that we are stronger than the historical social forces um around us. historical social forces um around us. historical social forces um around us. Okay. And they rejected uh Okay. And they rejected uh Okay. And they rejected uh materialism. They they were they were materialism. They they were they were materialism. They they were they were very spiritual. Okay. Now the romantics very spiritual. Okay. Now the romantics very spiritual. Okay. Now the romantics are a huge movement of people. Have you are a huge movement of people. Have you are a huge movement of people. Have you studied this before? Okay. So I don't studied this before? Okay. So I don't studied this before? Okay. So I don't want to generalize too much. Okay. But want to generalize too much. Okay. But want to generalize too much. Okay. But the romantics were a response to the the romantics were a response to the the romantics were a response to the enlightenment thinkers. Okay. So from enlightenment thinkers. Okay. So from enlightenment thinkers. Okay. So from the enlightenment um we have uh the enlightenment um we have uh the enlightenment um we have uh Rouso and Rouso sorry I'm saying his Rouso and Rouso sorry I'm saying his Rouso and Rouso sorry I'm saying his name wrong. Russo remember wrote a book name wrong. Russo remember wrote a book name wrong. Russo remember wrote a book called the called the social contract called the called the social contract called the called the social contract and in the book he argued that as and in the book he argued that as and in the book he argued that as individuals we are born free with individuals we are born free with individuals we are born free with inelible rights like the right to uh uh inelible rights like the right to uh uh inelible rights like the right to uh uh life and liberty. We choose to surrender life and liberty. We choose to surrender life and liberty. We choose to surrender some of these rights in order for more some of these rights in order for more some of these rights in order for more safety and security and wealth safety and security and wealth safety and security and wealth possibilities. Okay. Um possibilities. Okay. Um possibilities. Okay. Um so the so the so the people come together and it creates people come together and it creates people come together and it creates something called the general will which is the collective mind of the will which is the collective mind of the people. Okay. And from the general will people. Okay. And from the general will people. Okay. And from the general will you will have the you will have the you will have the government but the government exists in government but the government exists in government but the government exists in order to serve the general will which order to serve the general will which order to serve the general will which serves the people. Okay? Does that make serves the people. Okay? Does that make serves the people. Okay? Does that make sense? The government exists in order to sense? The government exists in order to sense? The government exists in order to protect the indivual individual rights protect the indivual individual rights protect the indivual individual rights of people to ensure their happiness to of people to ensure their happiness to of people to ensure their happiness to ensure their well-being. This this is ensure their well-being. This this is ensure their well-being. This this is where Abra Abraham Lincoln gets a famous where Abra Abraham Lincoln gets a famous where Abra Abraham Lincoln gets a famous phrase of the phrase of the phrase of the people by the people for the people. people by the people for the people. people by the people for the people. Okay, he is just re Okay, he is just re Okay, he is just re reiterating the idea of rousole. Okay, reiterating the idea of rousole. Okay, reiterating the idea of rousole. Okay, and this of course is um implemented by and this of course is um implemented by and this of course is um implemented by the French Revolution, right? the French Revolution, right? the French Revolution, right? Napoleon and the Napoleon and the Napoleon and the French French French French French French France. Okay. And the general will France. Okay. And the general will France. Okay. And the general will becomes manifest in the nation state. Does that make sense? Okay. So state. Does that make sense? Okay. So Russo proposed the idea and actually Russo proposed the idea and actually Russo proposed the idea and actually discussed the French Revolution discussed the French Revolution discussed the French Revolution implements this idea and gives us the implements this idea and gives us the implements this idea and gives us the first iteration of the nation state. Now first iteration of the nation state. Now first iteration of the nation state. Now this is really successful because what this is really successful because what this is really successful because what it does is it conceives of a country as it does is it conceives of a country as it does is it conceives of a country as a unified whole almost like as a body. a unified whole almost like as a body. a unified whole almost like as a body. This is new in human history because This is new in human history because This is new in human history because before in a monarchy the monarch the before in a monarchy the monarch the before in a monarchy the monarch the people in the military were all people in the military were all people in the military were all separate. Okay. In fact it was very separate. Okay. In fact it was very separate. Okay. In fact it was very common at the time for monarchs to hire common at the time for monarchs to hire common at the time for monarchs to hire foreign mercenaries foreign mercenaries foreign mercenaries um to fight their wars. the people um to fight their wars. the people um to fight their wars. the people weren't really engaged in war. But now weren't really engaged in war. But now weren't really engaged in war. But now that in the French Revolution, when you that in the French Revolution, when you that in the French Revolution, when you conceive the nation, the country as in conceive the nation, the country as in conceive the nation, the country as in fact whole, you can now draw on the fact whole, you can now draw on the fact whole, you can now draw on the people to become your soldiers. And in people to become your soldiers. And in people to become your soldiers. And in fact, when you do this, you can create fact, when you do this, you can create fact, when you do this, you can create almost an infinite supply of soldiers. almost an infinite supply of soldiers. almost an infinite supply of soldiers. And because the people believe that And because the people believe that And because the people believe that they're fighting for themselves, they're they're fighting for themselves, they're they're fighting for themselves, they're more motivated, they're more energetic, more motivated, they're more energetic, more motivated, they're more energetic, they're more willing to sacrifice they're more willing to sacrifice they're more willing to sacrifice themselves than for mercenaries who are themselves than for mercenaries who are themselves than for mercenaries who are just in it for the money. And that's why just in it for the money. And that's why just in it for the money. And that's why the French Revolution was able to spread the French Revolution was able to spread the French Revolution was able to spread throughout Europe and basically conquer throughout Europe and basically conquer throughout Europe and basically conquer Europe including Spain, Italy and Europe including Spain, Italy and Europe including Spain, Italy and Germany. Okay. But once the French Germany. Okay. But once the French Germany. Okay. But once the French conquered most of Europe, it now stirs conquered most of Europe, it now stirs conquered most of Europe, it now stirs resentment against the French because resentment against the French because resentment against the French because before these were free and independent before these were free and independent before these were free and independent uh people who had control over local uh people who had control over local uh people who had control over local matters and now the French were coming matters and now the French were coming matters and now the French were coming and imposing a new political, economic and imposing a new political, economic and imposing a new political, economic and social regime on them and there were and social regime on them and there were and social regime on them and there were foreign troops, French troops to make foreign troops, French troops to make foreign troops, French troops to make sure that you had to obey. Okay. So this sure that you had to obey. Okay. So this sure that you had to obey. Okay. So this creates a lot of resentment and the creates a lot of resentment and the creates a lot of resentment and the people's response was to create their people's response was to create their people's response was to create their own form of nationalism but in response own form of nationalism but in response own form of nationalism but in response to French nationalism. Okay. So now to French nationalism. Okay. So now to French nationalism. Okay. So now they're being influenced by they're being influenced by they're being influenced by romanticism. And in romantism romanticism. And in romantism romanticism. And in romantism um their response is is um their response is is um their response is is this there is a this there is a this there is a culture. Okay. And it gives us a people. Okay. So from the beginning people. Okay. So from the beginning there are no individuals. There's only a there are no individuals. There's only a there are no individuals. There's only a culture and so it creates a community culture and so it creates a community culture and so it creates a community and the people their responsibility is and the people their responsibility is and the people their responsibility is to protect their culture to enhance the to protect their culture to enhance the to protect their culture to enhance the culture to spread the culture and the culture to spread the culture and the culture to spread the culture and the best way to do this is through the best way to do this is through the best way to do this is through the nation state. Okay. So this gives us a nation state. Okay. So this gives us a nation state. Okay. So this gives us a different different different interpretation of the nation state and interpretation of the nation state and interpretation of the nation state and because the French are now imposing because the French are now imposing because the French are now imposing their culture on our indigenous culture their culture on our indigenous culture their culture on our indigenous culture then we have responsibility as a people then we have responsibility as a people then we have responsibility as a people to rebel and fight back. All right and to rebel and fight back. All right and to rebel and fight back. All right and this will give this will give this will give us German us German us German nationalism. So it's the Germans who nationalism. So it's the Germans who nationalism. So it's the Germans who first proposed this idea but then it first proposed this idea but then it first proposed this idea but then it spreads to Italy as well. Okay. So these spreads to Italy as well. Okay. So these spreads to Italy as well. Okay. So these are two extremely different are two extremely different are two extremely different interpretations of nationalism. In the interpretations of nationalism. In the interpretations of nationalism. In the French interpretation which is also French interpretation which is also French interpretation which is also supported by the Americans and the supported by the Americans and the supported by the Americans and the British, the nation exists to protect British, the nation exists to protect British, the nation exists to protect individual rights. In a second individual rights. In a second individual rights. In a second interpretation, a romantic German interpretation, a romantic German interpretation, a romantic German interpretation, the nation state exists interpretation, the nation state exists interpretation, the nation state exists in order to protect a culture. Okay? in order to protect a culture. Okay? in order to protect a culture. Okay? Because it's culture that gives life to Because it's culture that gives life to Because it's culture that gives life to people. Okay? Okay. What what the people. Okay? Okay. What what the people. Okay? Okay. What what the Germans will say is the culture is Germans will say is the culture is Germans will say is the culture is something that you don't think of. It's something that you don't think of. It's something that you don't think of. It's already in your already in your already in your blood. Right? Does that make sense? blood. Right? Does that make sense? blood. Right? Does that make sense? Okay. So, um that's the general Okay. So, um that's the general Okay. So, um that's the general introduction. Are any questions before I introduction. Are any questions before I introduction. Are any questions before I move on to specific examples and evidence? Okay. evidence? Okay. Great. Um so, we're going to summarize Great. Um so, we're going to summarize Great. Um so, we're going to summarize and look at the origins of the uh nation and look at the origins of the uh nation and look at the origins of the uh nation state. state. state. Okay. All right. So really important is Okay. All right. So really important is Okay. All right. So really important is to understand the nation state replaces to understand the nation state replaces to understand the nation state replaces the monarchy. Okay. And there are three the monarchy. Okay. And there are three the monarchy. Okay. And there are three fundamental differences that I want you fundamental differences that I want you fundamental differences that I want you to remember and emphasize. The first is to remember and emphasize. The first is to remember and emphasize. The first is for the monarchy uh the bureaucracy is for the monarchy uh the bureaucracy is for the monarchy uh the bureaucracy is ultimate authority. Why? Because the ultimate authority. Why? Because the ultimate authority. Why? Because the bureaucracy is what represents the bureaucracy is what represents the bureaucracy is what represents the monarch right? But in nation state it's monarch right? But in nation state it's monarch right? But in nation state it's the people or the culture. In a the people or the culture. In a the people or the culture. In a monarchy, the elite are the aristocracy, monarchy, the elite are the aristocracy, monarchy, the elite are the aristocracy, those that have been rewarded um by the those that have been rewarded um by the those that have been rewarded um by the monarch. But in a nation state, it's monarch. But in a nation state, it's monarch. But in a nation state, it's usually the bourgeozi that are the usually the bourgeozi that are the usually the bourgeozi that are the elite. Okay? The industrialists, the elite. Okay? The industrialists, the elite. Okay? The industrialists, the capitalists. Um the monarchy capitalists. Um the monarchy capitalists. Um the monarchy um it's pretty flexible. It's because it um it's pretty flexible. It's because it um it's pretty flexible. It's because it is really about shifting alliances, is really about shifting alliances, is really about shifting alliances, right? Monarchs cooperate with other right? Monarchs cooperate with other right? Monarchs cooperate with other monarchs to maintain the peace and to monarchs to maintain the peace and to monarchs to maintain the peace and to prevent um other monarchs from prevent um other monarchs from prevent um other monarchs from encroaching on their territory. And as a encroaching on their territory. And as a encroaching on their territory. And as a result the monarchs tend to be result the monarchs tend to be result the monarchs tend to be conservative people. They like the way conservative people. They like the way conservative people. They like the way things as they things as they things as they are and they work towards that. Okay. So are and they work towards that. Okay. So are and they work towards that. Okay. So um after French revolution there was um after French revolution there was um after French revolution there was something called the commerce of Vienna something called the commerce of Vienna something called the commerce of Vienna in 1815 where the monarchs of Europe in 1815 where the monarchs of Europe in 1815 where the monarchs of Europe basically decided to never fight again. basically decided to never fight again. basically decided to never fight again. And this was a successful model until And this was a successful model until And this was a successful model until 1848 when the people rebelled against 1848 when the people rebelled against 1848 when the people rebelled against them. Okay. Um and but the nation stayed them. Okay. Um and but the nation stayed them. Okay. Um and but the nation stayed because it is almost like a new because it is almost like a new because it is almost like a new religion. It wants standardization and religion. It wants standardization and religion. It wants standardization and systemization. It wants everyone to buy systemization. It wants everyone to buy systemization. It wants everyone to buy into the nation state and as a result into the nation state and as a result into the nation state and as a result it's expensive. It's it's either it's expensive. It's it's either it's expensive. It's it's either expensive outwards or it's in expensive expensive outwards or it's in expensive expensive outwards or it's in expensive inwards. Okay. Um does that make sense inwards. Okay. Um does that make sense inwards. Okay. Um does that make sense guys? All guys? All guys? All right. All right. Um so let's look at right. All right. Um so let's look at right. All right. Um so let's look at some evidence or support for uh this some evidence or support for uh this some evidence or support for uh this argument. So this is a really good book argument. So this is a really good book argument. So this is a really good book called Seeing Like a State by James called Seeing Like a State by James called Seeing Like a State by James Scott published by Yale University uh Scott published by Yale University uh Scott published by Yale University uh press. Fantastic book. Okay, if you if press. Fantastic book. Okay, if you if press. Fantastic book. Okay, if you if you are interested in this stuff, I you are interested in this stuff, I you are interested in this stuff, I highly recommend you read this book. And highly recommend you read this book. And highly recommend you read this book. And he explains how uh the nation say comes he explains how uh the nation say comes he explains how uh the nation say comes about because of process of about because of process of about because of process of systemization andization created by all systemization andization created by all systemization andization created by all the social forces happening in Europe at the social forces happening in Europe at the social forces happening in Europe at this time. Okay, so let's just read this time. Okay, so let's just read this time. Okay, so let's just read quickly what he wrote. Three factors in quickly what he wrote. Three factors in quickly what he wrote. Three factors in the end conspired to make what Kula the end conspired to make what Kula the end conspired to make what Kula calls the metrical revolution possible. calls the metrical revolution possible. calls the metrical revolution possible. Okay. So the fact that we use the meter Okay. So the fact that we use the meter Okay. So the fact that we use the meter uh that is came about during this time. uh that is came about during this time. uh that is came about during this time. First the growth of market exchange First the growth of market exchange First the growth of market exchange encouraged uniformity in measures. So encouraged uniformity in measures. So encouraged uniformity in measures. So capitalism. Second both popular capitalism. Second both popular capitalism. Second both popular sentiment and enlightenment philosophy sentiment and enlightenment philosophy sentiment and enlightenment philosophy favored a single standard throughout favored a single standard throughout favored a single standard throughout France. Okay. Enlightenment. Finally the France. Okay. Enlightenment. Finally the France. Okay. Enlightenment. Finally the revolution and especially Napoleon uh revolution and especially Napoleon uh revolution and especially Napoleon uh the the Napoleonic state building the the Napoleonic state building the the Napoleonic state building actually enforced the metric system in actually enforced the metric system in actually enforced the metric system in France and the empire. Okay. Okay. So France and the empire. Okay. Okay. So France and the empire. Okay. Okay. So just summarizing what we dis discussed just summarizing what we dis discussed just summarizing what we dis discussed in the first section and then Scott um summarizes the section and then Scott um summarizes the homogeneization of measures then was homogeneization of measures then was homogeneization of measures then was part of a larger immenstory part of a larger immenstory part of a larger immenstory simplification. At one stroke the simplification. At one stroke the simplification. At one stroke the equality of all French people before the equality of all French people before the equality of all French people before the law was guaranteed by the state. They law was guaranteed by the state. They law was guaranteed by the state. They were no longer mere subjects of the were no longer mere subjects of the were no longer mere subjects of the lords and sovereign but bearsers of lords and sovereign but bearsers of lords and sovereign but bearsers of alienable rights as citizens. Okay. So alienable rights as citizens. Okay. So alienable rights as citizens. Okay. So this is just repeating what I just said this is just repeating what I just said this is just repeating what I just said which is the main purpose of the French which is the main purpose of the French which is the main purpose of the French Revolution was create a nation state Revolution was create a nation state Revolution was create a nation state that guaranteed individual that guaranteed individual that guaranteed individual rights. All right. Um this is imagine rights. All right. Um this is imagine rights. All right. Um this is imagine communities by Benedict Anderson and communities by Benedict Anderson and communities by Benedict Anderson and again he goes into uh why the nation again he goes into uh why the nation again he goes into uh why the nation state was born and how it spread and he state was born and how it spread and he state was born and how it spread and he explains what made the new communities explains what made the new communities explains what made the new communities imaginable was a half aous but explosive imaginable was a half aous but explosive imaginable was a half aous but explosive interaction between a system of interaction between a system of interaction between a system of production and productive relations production and productive relations production and productive relations capitalism technology of communications capitalism technology of communications capitalism technology of communications print and the fatality of human print and the fatality of human print and the fatality of human linguistic diversity. Okay. So what he linguistic diversity. Okay. So what he linguistic diversity. Okay. So what he means by that is that at Europe at this means by that is that at Europe at this means by that is that at Europe at this time there really is no conception of time there really is no conception of time there really is no conception of the idea of a national language. the idea of a national language. the idea of a national language. Everyone just spoke what was local to Everyone just spoke what was local to Everyone just spoke what was local to them. There's also no conception of them. There's also no conception of them. There's also no conception of race. Okay, we we discussed this. Race race. Okay, we we discussed this. Race race. Okay, we we discussed this. Race is a really new concept that is that is is a really new concept that is that is is a really new concept that is that is that is that was alien to most people. that is that was alien to most people. that is that was alien to most people. Okay. But now that you have print, Okay. But now that you have print, Okay. But now that you have print, you're able to spread language and you're able to spread language and you're able to spread language and you're able to create a national you're able to create a national you're able to create a national language. And this is key to the nation language. And this is key to the nation language. And this is key to the nation state because print and language allows state because print and language allows state because print and language allows people to think the same way and to people to think the same way and to people to think the same way and to imagine a shared history, right? Because imagine a shared history, right? Because imagine a shared history, right? Because culture, it's all just made up. History, culture, it's all just made up. History, culture, it's all just made up. History, it's all just made up. There's nothing it's all just made up. There's nothing it's all just made up. There's nothing real in it. Okay? And because of this real in it. Okay? And because of this real in it. Okay? And because of this it's destroyed uh linguistic diversity. it's destroyed uh linguistic diversity. it's destroyed uh linguistic diversity. So if you were to go to France in the So if you were to go to France in the So if you were to go to France in the year 1800 uh and you go from v village year 1800 uh and you go from v village year 1800 uh and you go from v village to village they would to they would to village they would to they would to village they would to they would speak different languages. speak different languages. speak different languages. Right? All right. Right? All right. Right? All right. Um uh this is too long to read okay but Um uh this is too long to read okay but Um uh this is too long to read okay but I'll just summarize. And what what he I'll just summarize. And what what he I'll just summarize. And what what he says is this. Um before the nation says is this. Um before the nation says is this. Um before the nation state, the elite of Europe, the way they state, the elite of Europe, the way they state, the elite of Europe, the way they um communicate with each other is um communicate with each other is um communicate with each other is through inter marriage. Okay. And as a through inter marriage. Okay. And as a through inter marriage. Okay. And as a result, there really wasn't an like a result, there really wasn't an like a result, there really wasn't an like a sense of national sense of national sense of national identity. But now with the rise of print identity. But now with the rise of print identity. But now with the rise of print technology, technology, technology, um there's now a separation, right? um there's now a separation, right? um there's now a separation, right? Because you spoke your own language. And Because you spoke your own language. And Because you spoke your own language. And this is important because um the boujo this is important because um the boujo this is important because um the boujo are the new elite and in theory they are the new elite and in theory they are the new elite and in theory they would want to move their capital around would want to move their capital around would want to move their capital around Europe. Um they they want they would Europe. Um they they want they would Europe. Um they they want they would want to move to places where the capital want to move to places where the capital want to move to places where the capital would be more safe, where it be most would be more safe, where it be most would be more safe, where it be most productive, right? But the idea of a productive, right? But the idea of a productive, right? But the idea of a national language prevents them from national language prevents them from national language prevents them from doing that. Okay, does that make sense? doing that. Okay, does that make sense? doing that. Okay, does that make sense? Great. All right. Um John Rouso we Great. All right. Um John Rouso we Great. All right. Um John Rouso we talked about we're just going to read a talked about we're just going to read a talked about we're just going to read a couple sentences from this the his book couple sentences from this the his book couple sentences from this the his book of social contract. Each of us puts his of social contract. Each of us puts his of social contract. Each of us puts his his person and all his power in common his person and all his power in common his person and all his power in common under certain direction of the general under certain direction of the general under certain direction of the general will in our corporate capacity. We will in our corporate capacity. We will in our corporate capacity. We receive each member as an indivisible receive each member as an indivisible receive each member as an indivisible part of the whole. Okay. Uh but I'm wrong to speak of a Okay. Uh but I'm wrong to speak of a Christian republic. Those two terms are Christian republic. Those two terms are Christian republic. Those two terms are mutually exclusive. Christianity mutually exclusive. Christianity mutually exclusive. Christianity preaches only servitude and dependence. preaches only servitude and dependence. preaches only servitude and dependence. Its spirit is so favorable to tyranny Its spirit is so favorable to tyranny Its spirit is so favorable to tyranny that it always profits by such a re that it always profits by such a re that it always profits by such a re regime. German Christians are made to be regime. German Christians are made to be regime. German Christians are made to be slaves and they know it and don't mind slaves and they know it and don't mind slaves and they know it and don't mind much. This short life counts for too much. This short life counts for too much. This short life counts for too little in their eyes. Okay, so this is little in their eyes. Okay, so this is little in their eyes. Okay, so this is the theory of the separation of church the theory of the separation of church the theory of the separation of church and and and state. All right, this this is the state. All right, this this is the state. All right, this this is the beginning of the idea of separation of beginning of the idea of separation of beginning of the idea of separation of church and state. It's one of the church and state. It's one of the church and state. It's one of the fundamental ideas of the French fundamental ideas of the French fundamental ideas of the French Republic. And that's why in today Republic. And that's why in today Republic. And that's why in today there's so much antagonism between um there's so much antagonism between um there's so much antagonism between um Islamists and the government. Okay? Islamists and the government. Okay? Islamists and the government. Okay? Because the Islamists want to maintain Because the Islamists want to maintain Because the Islamists want to maintain their tradition. They want to wear the their tradition. They want to wear the their tradition. They want to wear the hijab. They they want to maintain their hijab. They they want to maintain their hijab. They they want to maintain their cultural customs. Uh but the French cultural customs. Uh but the French cultural customs. Uh but the French nation prevents them from doing so in nation prevents them from doing so in nation prevents them from doing so in public places and in schools. Okay. Um so as we discussed Napoleon will Um so as we discussed Napoleon will spread spread spread uh French enlightenment principles uh French enlightenment principles uh French enlightenment principles throughout Europe. 1805 he defeats both throughout Europe. 1805 he defeats both throughout Europe. 1805 he defeats both the Russians and the Austrians at the the Russians and the Austrians at the the Russians and the Austrians at the battle of Oculates. And at this point battle of Oculates. And at this point battle of Oculates. And at this point Napoleon should be made Holy Roman Napoleon should be made Holy Roman Napoleon should be made Holy Roman Emperor. Okay? He should be made emperor Emperor. Okay? He should be made emperor Emperor. Okay? He should be made emperor of the Holy Roman Empire as is of the Holy Roman Empire as is of the Holy Roman Empire as is tradition. But the emperor at that time tradition. But the emperor at that time tradition. But the emperor at that time uh decides you know what rather than uh decides you know what rather than uh decides you know what rather than give up the throne to Napoleon I'm just give up the throne to Napoleon I'm just give up the throne to Napoleon I'm just going to dissolve this confederation the going to dissolve this confederation the going to dissolve this confederation the empire and this was a major blow to um empire and this was a major blow to um empire and this was a major blow to um to to these people okay because the to to these people okay because the to to these people okay because the empire in in their minds existed for a empire in in their minds existed for a empire in in their minds existed for a thousand years okay ever since thousand years okay ever since thousand years okay ever since Charlemagne and the Holy Roman Empire is Charlemagne and the Holy Roman Empire is Charlemagne and the Holy Roman Empire is direct here to the Roman Empire okay so direct here to the Roman Empire okay so direct here to the Roman Empire okay so for a lot of these intellectuals living for a lot of these intellectuals living for a lot of these intellectuals living in the Holy Roman Empire this was in the Holy Roman Empire this was in the Holy Roman Empire this was extremely embarrassing extremely embarrassing extremely embarrassing um the Napoleon will create something um the Napoleon will create something um the Napoleon will create something called the confederation or the rine called the confederation or the rine called the confederation or the rine which replaces the Holy Roman Empire and which replaces the Holy Roman Empire and which replaces the Holy Roman Empire and it's basically a vassel state to the it's basically a vassel state to the it's basically a vassel state to the French. Okay. And this will antagonize French. Okay. And this will antagonize French. Okay. And this will antagonize uh a lot of the Germans because they uh a lot of the Germans because they uh a lot of the Germans because they feel as though their culture their feel as though their culture their feel as though their culture their history it is being eroded. But at this history it is being eroded. But at this history it is being eroded. But at this time this is really important the time this is really important the time this is really important the Germans don't have a sense of Germans don't have a sense of Germans don't have a sense of Germanness. They don't really have a Germanness. They don't really have a Germanness. They don't really have a sense of a national identity. So what sense of a national identity. So what sense of a national identity. So what will happen is to counter the French uh will happen is to counter the French uh will happen is to counter the French uh German intellectuals will attempt to German intellectuals will attempt to German intellectuals will attempt to create a new uh German national create a new uh German national create a new uh German national identity. Okay, this is Ern's art. He's identity. Okay, this is Ern's art. He's identity. Okay, this is Ern's art. He's a poet. Okay, and he believes that this a poet. Okay, and he believes that this a poet. Okay, and he believes that this new identity should be fashioned like new identity should be fashioned like new identity should be fashioned like this. Let the animy of your hearts be this. Let the animy of your hearts be this. Let the animy of your hearts be your church. Okay, let us be one people your church. Okay, let us be one people your church. Okay, let us be one people and let this nation be your religion. and let this nation be your religion. and let this nation be your religion. Let hatred of the French be your Let hatred of the French be your Let hatred of the French be your religion. Let freedom and fatherland be religion. Let freedom and fatherland be religion. Let freedom and fatherland be your saints to whom you pray. All right. your saints to whom you pray. All right. your saints to whom you pray. All right. So he's considered the father of German So he's considered the father of German So he's considered the father of German nationalism because he's presenting this nationalism because he's presenting this nationalism because he's presenting this idea that we Germans must exist in idea that we Germans must exist in idea that we Germans must exist in opposition to the French. Okay. And this opposition to the French. Okay. And this opposition to the French. Okay. And this idea is going to drive a lot of the idea is going to drive a lot of the idea is going to drive a lot of the catastrophes of of European history for catastrophes of of European history for catastrophes of of European history for the next hundred the next hundred the next hundred years. Uh this is Johan Ficte. He is a years. Uh this is Johan Ficte. He is a years. Uh this is Johan Ficte. He is a student of Kant. He is a major student of Kant. He is a major student of Kant. He is a major philosopher in his own right. He's philosopher in his own right. He's philosopher in his own right. He's considered the founder of a German uh considered the founder of a German uh considered the founder of a German uh idealism school. and he explains that idealism school. and he explains that idealism school. and he explains that okay if we want to create a nation state okay if we want to create a nation state okay if we want to create a nation state we we have to figure out how to do so we we have to figure out how to do so we we have to figure out how to do so what unites us as as as a people and what unites us as as as a people and what unites us as as as a people and it's not um history because we have it's not um history because we have it's not um history because we have different histories and he decides different histories and he decides different histories and he decides because he's a huge fan of Shakespeare because he's a huge fan of Shakespeare because he's a huge fan of Shakespeare that this shared heritage will be one of that this shared heritage will be one of that this shared heritage will be one of language okay we will speak one language language okay we will speak one language language okay we will speak one language together and this language the German together and this language the German together and this language the German language is what will define our culture language is what will define our culture language is what will define our culture and our identity he writes description and our identity he writes description and our identity he writes description and character ization in such a language and character ization in such a language and character ization in such a language is itself a directly vital and sensuous is itself a directly vital and sensuous is itself a directly vital and sensuous matter. Okay. So our cultural identity matter. Okay. So our cultural identity matter. Okay. So our cultural identity our gist will be manifested in our our gist will be manifested in our our gist will be manifested in our language. All right. So at this time language. All right. So at this time language. All right. So at this time there's a tremendous explosion of um there's a tremendous explosion of um there's a tremendous explosion of um German literature to spread the idea of German literature to spread the idea of German literature to spread the idea of language. language. language. Okay. He also explains that the nation Okay. He also explains that the nation Okay. He also explains that the nation state the nation it is not just a state the nation it is not just a state the nation it is not just a collection of people. Okay, let's read collection of people. Okay, let's read collection of people. Okay, let's read this passage together because it's this passage together because it's this passage together because it's really important. Let the component really important. Let the component really important. Let the component parts of our higher spiritual life be parts of our higher spiritual life be parts of our higher spiritual life be just as dried out and thus let the bands just as dried out and thus let the bands just as dried out and thus let the bands or national unity also be just as torn or national unity also be just as torn or national unity also be just as torn apart lying about in wild disorder apart lying about in wild disorder apart lying about in wild disorder scattered and disarrayed as are the scattered and disarrayed as are the scattered and disarrayed as are the bones of a sear. Let them be bleached bones of a sear. Let them be bleached bones of a sear. Let them be bleached and dried out by many centuries of and dried out by many centuries of and dried out by many centuries of storms, deluches and blazing sun. The storms, deluches and blazing sun. The storms, deluches and blazing sun. The animating breath of the spiritual world animating breath of the spiritual world animating breath of the spiritual world has not yet ceased to blow. It will also has not yet ceased to blow. It will also has not yet ceased to blow. It will also take hold of our natural bodies in our take hold of our natural bodies in our take hold of our natural bodies in our bones and join them together so that bones and join them together so that bones and join them together so that they might gloriously exist in a new and they might gloriously exist in a new and they might gloriously exist in a new and transferate life. Okay. So what he's transferate life. Okay. So what he's transferate life. Okay. So what he's saying is the nation is not a collection saying is the nation is not a collection saying is the nation is not a collection of individuals. What the nation is, it's of individuals. What the nation is, it's of individuals. What the nation is, it's individuals who are transformed together individuals who are transformed together individuals who are transformed together that creates a nation. A nation will that creates a nation. A nation will that creates a nation. A nation will transform everyone. transform everyone. transform everyone. Okay. All right. So let's just Okay. All right. So let's just Okay. All right. So let's just summarize. So uh let's just summarize summarize. So uh let's just summarize summarize. So uh let's just summarize the differences between enlightenment the differences between enlightenment the differences between enlightenment and romantism because the enlightenment and romantism because the enlightenment and romantism because the enlightenment is is what's going to drive the French is is what's going to drive the French is is what's going to drive the French uh nationalism and romantism is what's uh nationalism and romantism is what's uh nationalism and romantism is what's going to drive German nationalism. Okay. going to drive German nationalism. Okay. going to drive German nationalism. Okay. Um it's science versus nature, reason Um it's science versus nature, reason Um it's science versus nature, reason versus emotions, liberty versus will and versus emotions, liberty versus will and versus emotions, liberty versus will and struggle. Okay? Does that make struggle. Okay? Does that make struggle. Okay? Does that make sense? Through the struggle through our sense? Through the struggle through our sense? Through the struggle through our struggle as a people, we can liberate struggle as a people, we can liberate struggle as a people, we can liberate ourselves from a French and reforge ourselves from a French and reforge ourselves from a French and reforge ourselves as a great nation. All right. So, main difference between All right. So, main difference between French nationalism and German French nationalism and German French nationalism and German nationalism. Okay. Separation of church nationalism. Okay. Separation of church nationalism. Okay. Separation of church and state. For the Germans, the nation and state. For the Germans, the nation and state. For the Germans, the nation is the is the church. Uh the French is the is the church. Uh the French is the is the church. Uh the French believe in the general believe in the general believe in the general will. What is in the best interest of will. What is in the best interest of will. What is in the best interest of everyone? The Germans believe in the everyone? The Germans believe in the everyone? The Germans believe in the gist. Okay? The spirit of your of your gist. Okay? The spirit of your of your gist. Okay? The spirit of your of your people. Okay? Does that make sense? people. Okay? Does that make sense? people. Okay? Does that make sense? Great. All right. So I'm going to use an Great. All right. So I'm going to use an Great. All right. So I'm going to use an example to highlight the difference example to highlight the difference example to highlight the difference between the French form of nationalism between the French form of nationalism between the French form of nationalism and the German form of nationalism. And and the German form of nationalism. And and the German form of nationalism. And it has to do with the Jewish question. it has to do with the Jewish question. it has to do with the Jewish question. Okay. So there are lots of Jews Okay. So there are lots of Jews Okay. So there are lots of Jews throughout Europe at this time. Uh throughout Europe at this time. Uh throughout Europe at this time. Uh they're they're they're minorities in they're they're they're minorities in they're they're they're minorities in these in these countries. And the these in these countries. And the these in these countries. And the question is with the rise of the nation question is with the rise of the nation question is with the rise of the nation state, what do you do about the Jews? state, what do you do about the Jews? state, what do you do about the Jews? Okay. And their problem because the Jews Okay. And their problem because the Jews Okay. And their problem because the Jews believe themselves as a nation. Okay. believe themselves as a nation. Okay. believe themselves as a nation. Okay. They don't have a state, but they're a They don't have a state, but they're a They don't have a state, but they're a nation. And the Jews have the Bible. nation. And the Jews have the Bible. nation. And the Jews have the Bible. Okay. Okay, which gives them a shared Okay. Okay, which gives them a shared Okay. Okay, which gives them a shared language, a shared um culture, a shared language, a shared um culture, a shared language, a shared um culture, a shared history, right? So, how do you deal with history, right? So, how do you deal with history, right? So, how do you deal with a people in your nation that are a people in your nation that are a people in your nation that are explicitly not part of your uh culture explicitly not part of your uh culture explicitly not part of your uh culture and they're very adamant about not being and they're very adamant about not being and they're very adamant about not being part of your culture? part of your culture? part of your culture? So So So um the French okay there is um the French okay there is um the French okay there is anti-semitism throughout Europe at this anti-semitism throughout Europe at this anti-semitism throughout Europe at this time okay but the response to animism is time okay but the response to animism is time okay but the response to animism is different in in different nations in different in in different nations in different in in different nations in 1894 there's something called the Drifus 1894 there's something called the Drifus 1894 there's something called the Drifus affair okay the Drifus affair is this affair okay the Drifus affair is this affair okay the Drifus affair is this man Alfred Drifus he is Jewish by man Alfred Drifus he is Jewish by man Alfred Drifus he is Jewish by ancestry ancestry ancestry uh but at this time a lot of um elite uh but at this time a lot of um elite uh but at this time a lot of um elite Jews have already accatized assimilated Jews have already accatized assimilated Jews have already accatized assimilated into the popular culture into the popular culture into the popular culture And um in 1894 he was arrested and And um in 1894 he was arrested and And um in 1894 he was arrested and accused of being a German spy. Alfred accused of being a German spy. Alfred accused of being a German spy. Alfred Drifus was an officer in the French Drifus was an officer in the French Drifus was an officer in the French military. Uh the problem is that um military. Uh the problem is that um military. Uh the problem is that um French counter intelligence conducted a French counter intelligence conducted a French counter intelligence conducted a short investigation and they quickly short investigation and they quickly short investigation and they quickly found out that found out that this man found out that found out that this man found out that found out that this man was not the spy. But the French military was not the spy. But the French military was not the spy. But the French military didn't want to lose faith. Also there didn't want to lose faith. Also there didn't want to lose faith. Also there were a lot of anti-semitic elements were a lot of anti-semitic elements were a lot of anti-semitic elements within the French military. So rather within the French military. So rather within the French military. So rather than just say, "You know what? We got than just say, "You know what? We got than just say, "You know what? We got the wrong guy. We were wrong. Uh let's the wrong guy. We were wrong. Uh let's the wrong guy. We were wrong. Uh let's forget about this." Their response was forget about this." Their response was forget about this." Their response was to put this real spot on trial and to put this real spot on trial and to put this real spot on trial and acquit him. It's like, "No, you no, acquit him. It's like, "No, you no, acquit him. It's like, "No, you no, you're innocent." Even though the you're innocent." Even though the you're innocent." Even though the evidence all suggests he's guilty, and evidence all suggests he's guilty, and evidence all suggests he's guilty, and we're going to put Drifus uh and they we're going to put Drifus uh and they we're going to put Drifus uh and they put Drifus in prison in a penal colony put Drifus in prison in a penal colony put Drifus in prison in a penal colony far away for his entire life. Okay. And far away for his entire life. Okay. And far away for his entire life. Okay. And so news of this leaks and this creates a so news of this leaks and this creates a so news of this leaks and this creates a national controversy, right? And a man national controversy, right? And a man national controversy, right? And a man named Elma Zola who was probably the named Elma Zola who was probably the named Elma Zola who was probably the most famous writer uh in France at this most famous writer uh in France at this most famous writer uh in France at this time, he writes in a newspaper article time, he writes in a newspaper article time, he writes in a newspaper article called I Accuse, okay? I accuse the called I Accuse, okay? I accuse the called I Accuse, okay? I accuse the French military of corruption, of French military of corruption, of French military of corruption, of incompetence, of negligence. I accuse incompetence, of negligence. I accuse incompetence, of negligence. I accuse the French state of corruption, the French state of corruption, the French state of corruption, incompetence, negligence. Okay. And so incompetence, negligence. Okay. And so incompetence, negligence. Okay. And so the question then is why are these the question then is why are these the question then is why are these people so riled up about this one guy in people so riled up about this one guy in people so riled up about this one guy in prison? And the answer is it has to do prison? And the answer is it has to do prison? And the answer is it has to do with the French identity. Okay, at this with the French identity. Okay, at this with the French identity. Okay, at this point in history there's this huge point in history there's this huge point in history there's this huge conflict between French liberals who see conflict between French liberals who see conflict between French liberals who see themselves as heres to the French themselves as heres to the French themselves as heres to the French Revolution and monarchists. Okay. Who Revolution and monarchists. Okay. Who Revolution and monarchists. Okay. Who want to get rid of revolutionary want to get rid of revolutionary want to get rid of revolutionary elements for the for the liberals like elements for the for the liberals like elements for the for the liberals like ML Zola the republic is about ML Zola the republic is about ML Zola the republic is about maintaining the rights of all citizens maintaining the rights of all citizens maintaining the rights of all citizens and if one citizen loses his right if and if one citizen loses his right if and if one citizen loses his right if one citizen is mistreated by the justice one citizen is mistreated by the justice one citizen is mistreated by the justice system then all citizens will be system then all citizens will be system then all citizens will be mistreated by the justice system. Okay. mistreated by the justice system. Okay. mistreated by the justice system. Okay. So even though even though Alfred So even though even though Alfred So even though even though Alfred Drifers is a Jew, the French form first Drifers is a Jew, the French form first Drifers is a Jew, the French form first and foremost as a French citizen, right? and foremost as a French citizen, right? and foremost as a French citizen, right? Because the French nation exists to Because the French nation exists to Because the French nation exists to protect the rights of all those who are protect the rights of all those who are protect the rights of all those who are citizens of France. Okay, does that make citizens of France. Okay, does that make citizens of France. Okay, does that make sense? That's why this was a huge deal sense? That's why this was a huge deal sense? That's why this was a huge deal in France and it lasted for about 10 in France and it lasted for about 10 in France and it lasted for about 10 years. Um and of course the German years. Um and of course the German years. Um and of course the German response uh to the Jewish question uh response uh to the Jewish question uh response uh to the Jewish question uh was the Holocaust. Okay. So, these are was the Holocaust. Okay. So, these are was the Holocaust. Okay. So, these are two different conceptions of two different conceptions of two different conceptions of nationalism, the French and the German. nationalism, the French and the German. nationalism, the French and the German. All right. Um, any questions before I All right. Um, any questions before I All right. Um, any questions before I move move move on? Okay. Is is is this clear? Great. on? Okay. Is is is this clear? Great. on? Okay. Is is is this clear? Great. All All All right. So, let's um continue on right. So, let's um continue on right. So, let's um continue on uh the nation state. Okay. uh the nation state. Okay. uh the nation state. Okay. So before 1848 So before 1848 So before 1848 um the nation state nationalism it was um the nation state nationalism it was um the nation state nationalism it was contained in Europe because the contained in Europe because the contained in Europe because the nationalism was actually a threat to the nationalism was actually a threat to the nationalism was actually a threat to the monarchy right because nationalism would monarchy right because nationalism would monarchy right because nationalism would uh reduce a lot of their powers. But in uh reduce a lot of their powers. But in uh reduce a lot of their powers. But in 1848, there are too many revolutions and 1848, there are too many revolutions and 1848, there are too many revolutions and rebellions throughout Europe. And rebellions throughout Europe. And rebellions throughout Europe. And monarchs at this point recognized that monarchs at this point recognized that monarchs at this point recognized that they can't really hold back the tide of they can't really hold back the tide of they can't really hold back the tide of social change. And so certain nations social change. And so certain nations social change. And so certain nations like Germany start to embrace like Germany start to embrace like Germany start to embrace nationalism as a way to contain uh these nationalism as a way to contain uh these nationalism as a way to contain uh these social changes. Okay. Um once nation social changes. Okay. Um once nation social changes. Okay. Um once nation state came into being they needed a state came into being they needed a state came into being they needed a certain philosophy about culture and certain philosophy about culture and certain philosophy about culture and this man Charles Thorin provides that in this man Charles Thorin provides that in this man Charles Thorin provides that in the origin of species right he presents the origin of species right he presents the origin of species right he presents a new theory a new theory a new theory um of human develop that contradicts all um of human develop that contradicts all um of human develop that contradicts all Christian teaching which is the idea of Christian teaching which is the idea of Christian teaching which is the idea of evolution okay and so the idea of this evolution okay and so the idea of this evolution okay and so the idea of this is that God has no design Okay. Uh we is that God has no design Okay. Uh we is that God has no design Okay. Uh we are who we are by random chance through are who we are by random chance through are who we are by random chance through the process of the process of the process of evolution. And this will give birth to evolution. And this will give birth to evolution. And this will give birth to the idea of something racism. Okay? the idea of something racism. Okay? the idea of something racism. Okay? Because if it's true that God has no say Because if it's true that God has no say Because if it's true that God has no say in how we develop. If it's true that we in how we develop. If it's true that we in how we develop. If it's true that we dealt by chance then then we can also dealt by chance then then we can also dealt by chance then then we can also extrapolate from this that well there's extrapolate from this that well there's extrapolate from this that well there's certain people that must be inherently certain people that must be inherently certain people that must be inherently superior to others right there are superior to others right there are superior to others right there are certain people that must have evolved to certain people that must have evolved to certain people that must have evolved to be more intellectual to to be more be more intellectual to to be more be more intellectual to to be more scientific to be more brave and because scientific to be more brave and because scientific to be more brave and because Europe at this time is the wealthiest Europe at this time is the wealthiest Europe at this time is the wealthiest and strongest and most advanced part of and strongest and most advanced part of and strongest and most advanced part of the world then we're going also reason the world then we're going also reason the world then we're going also reason that Europeans must also be superior as that Europeans must also be superior as that Europeans must also be superior as a people to everyone else, the Africans, a people to everyone else, the Africans, a people to everyone else, the Africans, the Asians. Okay? Right? So, this the Asians. Okay? Right? So, this the Asians. Okay? Right? So, this introduced the idea of racism. And this introduced the idea of racism. And this introduced the idea of racism. And this is a really popular thing to do back is a really popular thing to do back is a really popular thing to do back then. Um, one thing that they were then. Um, one thing that they were then. Um, one thing that they were really interested in is is skull, right? really interested in is is skull, right? really interested in is is skull, right? Because they figured out if they can Because they figured out if they can Because they figured out if they can measure the skull, then they can make measure the skull, then they can make measure the skull, then they can make generalizations about the different generalizations about the different generalizations about the different brains of different cultures. and of and brains of different cultures. and of and brains of different cultures. and of and of course the entire point of this of course the entire point of this of course the entire point of this exercise was to prove that in fact exercise was to prove that in fact exercise was to prove that in fact Europeans were Europeans were Europeans were superior. superior. superior. Okay, this also leads to the idea of Okay, this also leads to the idea of Okay, this also leads to the idea of eugenics. This is um Francis Golton who eugenics. This is um Francis Golton who eugenics. This is um Francis Golton who is a cousin of Charles Darwin and both is a cousin of Charles Darwin and both is a cousin of Charles Darwin and both Charles Darwin and Francis Golton was Charles Darwin and Francis Golton was Charles Darwin and Francis Golton was concerned about the gene pool right concerned about the gene pool right concerned about the gene pool right because for Darwin evolution meant that because for Darwin evolution meant that because for Darwin evolution meant that bad genes were systematically eliminated bad genes were systematically eliminated bad genes were systematically eliminated from the system. But in a time of from the system. But in a time of from the system. But in a time of improved sanitation of improved hospital improved sanitation of improved hospital improved sanitation of improved hospital care then people who should have died care then people who should have died care then people who should have died are living right and this is then this are living right and this is then this are living right and this is then this is going to dilute the quality of your is going to dilute the quality of your is going to dilute the quality of your gene pool. So um Francis Golton proposed gene pool. So um Francis Golton proposed gene pool. So um Francis Golton proposed the idea of eugenics that a nation the the idea of eugenics that a nation the the idea of eugenics that a nation the society should society should society should systematically eliminate bad genes from systematically eliminate bad genes from systematically eliminate bad genes from the gene pool in order to maintain its the gene pool in order to maintain its the gene pool in order to maintain its purity. And there are three ways that purity. And there are three ways that purity. And there are three ways that you can do this right. The first is you you can do this right. The first is you you can do this right. The first is you can do force sterilization. So people can do force sterilization. So people can do force sterilization. So people who might be handicapped or um they are who might be handicapped or um they are who might be handicapped or um they are criminals, you sterilize them to prevent criminals, you sterilize them to prevent criminals, you sterilize them to prevent them from reproducing. That's one them from reproducing. That's one them from reproducing. That's one solution. Another solution is well solution. Another solution is well solution. Another solution is well execution, right? Right? So if you're a execution, right? Right? So if you're a execution, right? Right? So if you're a criminal or you are um physically criminal or you are um physically criminal or you are um physically violent or or or if you are low IQ, then violent or or or if you are low IQ, then violent or or or if you are low IQ, then we should just execute you to prevent we should just execute you to prevent we should just execute you to prevent you from polluting the gene pool. And you from polluting the gene pool. And you from polluting the gene pool. And the third solution is to limit the third solution is to limit the third solution is to limit migration. Okay, limit immigration and migration. Okay, limit immigration and migration. Okay, limit immigration and limit migration. And this is extremely limit migration. And this is extremely limit migration. And this is extremely popular idea in United States, right? popular idea in United States, right? popular idea in United States, right? Because at this time in in history, you Because at this time in in history, you Because at this time in in history, you have all these um Europeans from low have all these um Europeans from low have all these um Europeans from low genetic stock, the Polish, the Irish, genetic stock, the Polish, the Irish, genetic stock, the Polish, the Irish, the Italians, the Eastern Europeans the Italians, the Eastern Europeans the Italians, the Eastern Europeans coming into United States at this time. coming into United States at this time. coming into United States at this time. And this was posing a real threat to the And this was posing a real threat to the And this was posing a real threat to the Wasp Wasp Wasp elite. Okay. And that's why in the elite. Okay. And that's why in the elite. Okay. And that's why in the United States, this eugenics movement United States, this eugenics movement United States, this eugenics movement really takes off. Okay. Really the really takes off. Okay. Really the really takes off. Okay. Really the center of the eugenics movement in the center of the eugenics movement in the center of the eugenics movement in the world at the end of 19th cent at the end world at the end of 19th cent at the end world at the end of 19th cent at the end of 20th century. Sorry. At the end of of 20th century. Sorry. At the end of of 20th century. Sorry. At the end of 19th century, the beginning of 20th 19th century, the beginning of 20th 19th century, the beginning of 20th century is really the United States. century is really the United States. century is really the United States. Okay. There are many many states in the Okay. There are many many states in the Okay. There are many many states in the United States that passed for United States that passed for United States that passed for sterilization laws. Um this is Madison Grant. He wrote laws. Um this is Madison Grant. He wrote a very popular book about how there are a very popular book about how there are a very popular book about how there are different different different races and the Nordic race races and the Nordic race races and the Nordic race um the um the um the Germans, the Scandinavians and the Germans, the Scandinavians and the Germans, the Scandinavians and the British, they are the dominant race. British, they are the dominant race. British, they are the dominant race. They are the superior race. But over They are the superior race. But over They are the superior race. But over time the numbers are diluting and time the numbers are diluting and time the numbers are diluting and therefore therefore therefore um the Nordic people must work together. um the Nordic people must work together. um the Nordic people must work together. Okay. And guess who really enjoys his Okay. And guess who really enjoys his Okay. And guess who really enjoys his idea who who was a big fan of Ma Madison idea who who was a big fan of Ma Madison idea who who was a big fan of Ma Madison Grant Hitler, right? The Nazis uh will Grant Hitler, right? The Nazis uh will Grant Hitler, right? The Nazis uh will translate his book and spread his book translate his book and spread his book translate his book and spread his book and a lot of his ideas will become the and a lot of his ideas will become the and a lot of his ideas will become the basis for Nazi eugenics policy, right? basis for Nazi eugenics policy, right? basis for Nazi eugenics policy, right? And the Nazis were notorious for taking And the Nazis were notorious for taking And the Nazis were notorious for taking the disabled the disabled the disabled um the handicapped and basically uh um the handicapped and basically uh um the handicapped and basically uh forcing them into gas chambers. Okay. forcing them into gas chambers. Okay. forcing them into gas chambers. Okay. Um this is what he says. A rigid system Um this is what he says. A rigid system Um this is what he says. A rigid system of selection through the elimination of of selection through the elimination of of selection through the elimination of those who are weak or unfit would solve those who are weak or unfit would solve those who are weak or unfit would solve the whole question in 100 years as well the whole question in 100 years as well the whole question in 100 years as well as enable us to get rid of the as enable us to get rid of the as enable us to get rid of the undesirabs who crowd our jails, undesirabs who crowd our jails, undesirabs who crowd our jails, hospitals, and insane asylums. It's hard hospitals, and insane asylums. It's hard hospitals, and insane asylums. It's hard for us to imagine, but in in the 1930s, for us to imagine, but in in the 1930s, for us to imagine, but in in the 1930s, this is a really widespread idea in this is a really widespread idea in this is a really widespread idea in America, in Britain, and in Germany. America, in Britain, and in Germany. America, in Britain, and in Germany. Extremely widespread among the uh elite. Extremely widespread among the uh elite. Extremely widespread among the uh elite. In fact, in 1935, if you ask me what was In fact, in 1935, if you ask me what was In fact, in 1935, if you ask me what was most likely h like likely to happen, most likely h like likely to happen, most likely h like likely to happen, then I would tell you that America, then I would tell you that America, then I would tell you that America, Britain, and Germany would ally Britain, and Germany would ally Britain, and Germany would ally themselves because they saw saw themselves because they saw saw themselves because they saw saw themselves as one people and they themselves as one people and they themselves as one people and they would attack the Soviet Union because would attack the Soviet Union because would attack the Soviet Union because Soviet Union was a Slavic country that Soviet Union was a Slavic country that Soviet Union was a Slavic country that was communist and both the Slavs and the was communist and both the Slavs and the was communist and both the Slavs and the communists were a threat to the Nordic communists were a threat to the Nordic communists were a threat to the Nordic people who are people who are people who are capitalistic. Right? That's in 1935 that capitalistic. Right? That's in 1935 that capitalistic. Right? That's in 1935 that was the most likely scenario. In fact, was the most likely scenario. In fact, was the most likely scenario. In fact, there were a lot of people proposing there were a lot of people proposing there were a lot of people proposing this this this scenario. So why is it that it would be scenario. So why is it that it would be scenario. So why is it that it would be America and Britain who would support America and Britain who would support America and Britain who would support Soviet Union in destroying Germany? Soviet Union in destroying Germany? Soviet Union in destroying Germany? Well, that's a question we will look at Well, that's a question we will look at Well, that's a question we will look at next class. Okay? Because it's a huge next class. Okay? Because it's a huge next class. Okay? Because it's a huge mystery why that happened when the when mystery why that happened when the when mystery why that happened when the when when when in reality it should have been when when in reality it should have been when when in reality it should have been America, Britain and Germany versus America, Britain and Germany versus America, Britain and Germany versus Soviet Union. Okay. All right. Soviet Union. Okay. All right. Soviet Union. Okay. All right. So um this now gives us the age of So um this now gives us the age of So um this now gives us the age of imperialism. Uh the Europeans are now imperialism. Uh the Europeans are now imperialism. Uh the Europeans are now need more resources but they're also need more resources but they're also need more resources but they're also spreading their cultural mission to spreading their cultural mission to spreading their cultural mission to civilize the entire world because they civilize the entire world because they civilize the entire world because they are the master race, right? They have are the master race, right? They have are the master race, right? They have the white men's burden to civilize all the white men's burden to civilize all the white men's burden to civilize all others. Okay? Now they didn't go into um others. Okay? Now they didn't go into um others. Okay? Now they didn't go into um Africa before because of malaria issues. Africa before because of malaria issues. Africa before because of malaria issues. Okay. If you're European, you went into Okay. If you're European, you went into Okay. If you're European, you went into Africa, you're going to die. But with Africa, you're going to die. But with Africa, you're going to die. But with major advancements in uh medicine, they major advancements in uh medicine, they major advancements in uh medicine, they now had um um they medicine against now had um um they medicine against now had um um they medicine against malaria. Okay. And very quickly they malaria. Okay. And very quickly they malaria. Okay. And very quickly they they basically carved up Africa amongst they basically carved up Africa amongst they basically carved up Africa amongst themselves. They had a conference and themselves. They had a conference and themselves. They had a conference and they decided which who would get who. they decided which who would get who. they decided which who would get who. And their um imperialism in Africa was And their um imperialism in Africa was And their um imperialism in Africa was notorious, right? It was is one one of notorious, right? It was is one one of notorious, right? It was is one one of the worst atrocities in humanist history the worst atrocities in humanist history the worst atrocities in humanist history especially in the Congo which was especially in the Congo which was especially in the Congo which was controlled by Belgium. Basically the controlled by Belgium. Basically the controlled by Belgium. Basically the king of Belgium Leopold had a mercenary king of Belgium Leopold had a mercenary king of Belgium Leopold had a mercenary army go in enslave the people and army go in enslave the people and army go in enslave the people and extract all the resources from uh the extract all the resources from uh the extract all the resources from uh the Congo and it was his own personal Congo and it was his own personal Congo and it was his own personal property his own personal state estate. property his own personal state estate. property his own personal state estate. Okay. All Okay. All Okay. All right. Um also China. Okay. So, China right. Um also China. Okay. So, China right. Um also China. Okay. So, China was basically carved up by the was basically carved up by the was basically carved up by the Europeans, right? The Americans Europeans, right? The Americans Europeans, right? The Americans negotiated something called the open negotiated something called the open negotiated something called the open door policy and everyone agreed to carve door policy and everyone agreed to carve door policy and everyone agreed to carve China up into different sections. Okay? China up into different sections. Okay? China up into different sections. Okay? We call these the treaty ports. We call these the treaty ports. We call these the treaty ports. Right? Right? Right? Now, the problem for the Europeans Now, the problem for the Europeans Now, the problem for the Europeans though are the Japanese. though are the Japanese. though are the Japanese. So when so in the European understanding So when so in the European understanding So when so in the European understanding of the of the of the world the Europeans are superior right world the Europeans are superior right world the Europeans are superior right especially the northern people so especially the northern people so especially the northern people so everyone else should submit and everyone else should submit and everyone else should submit and surrender to the Europeans and that's surrender to the Europeans and that's surrender to the Europeans and that's what happened in Africa and that's what what happened in Africa and that's what what happened in Africa and that's what happened in China but not happened in China but not happened in China but not Japan Japan underwent tremendous social Japan Japan underwent tremendous social Japan Japan underwent tremendous social change called a major restoration to go change called a major restoration to go change called a major restoration to go from a feudal from a feudal from a feudal um society into a modern industrial um society into a modern industrial um society into a modern industrial nation that in 1905 was able to defeat a nation that in 1905 was able to defeat a nation that in 1905 was able to defeat a major European power, the Russians in a major European power, the Russians in a major European power, the Russians in a war. Okay. And this was shocking because war. Okay. And this was shocking because war. Okay. And this was shocking because this went against all this went against all this went against all um all uh understanding of the world at um all uh understanding of the world at um all uh understanding of the world at this time. Um what really surprised this time. Um what really surprised this time. Um what really surprised people was the rapid pace of people was the rapid pace of people was the rapid pace of transformation in Japan. It was as transformation in Japan. It was as transformation in Japan. It was as though everyone decided that we as a though everyone decided that we as a though everyone decided that we as a people needed to change and we're going people needed to change and we're going people needed to change and we're going to change today. Okay? And that's and to change today. Okay? And that's and to change today. Okay? And that's and that's what Japan did, right? So you that's what Japan did, right? So you that's what Japan did, right? So you look at politics. Um in 1890 they will look at politics. Um in 1890 they will look at politics. Um in 1890 they will establish basically the parliament and establish basically the parliament and establish basically the parliament and by 1928 you had by 1928 you had by 1928 you had universal male suffrage. Okay. Basically universal male suffrage. Okay. Basically universal male suffrage. Okay. Basically 1928 every man in Japan could 1928 every man in Japan could 1928 every man in Japan could vote economically right the Japanese vote economically right the Japanese vote economically right the Japanese economy exploded. Um, if you go to Japan today, you'll be Um, if you go to Japan today, you'll be amazed amazed amazed by how well organized the society is. by how well organized the society is. by how well organized the society is. Um, everyone, almost everyone in Japan Um, everyone, almost everyone in Japan Um, everyone, almost everyone in Japan reverse parks. Okay, if you look at this reverse parks. Okay, if you look at this reverse parks. Okay, if you look at this picture, maybe there's this one guy for picture, maybe there's this one guy for picture, maybe there's this one guy for whatever reason who decides not to whatever reason who decides not to whatever reason who decides not to reverse park, but everyone else reverse reverse park, but everyone else reverse reverse park, but everyone else reverse parks. There's no law that says you must parks. There's no law that says you must parks. There's no law that says you must reverse park. Everyone just does it reverse park. Everyone just does it reverse park. Everyone just does it because of a sense of social because of a sense of social because of a sense of social cohesion. cohesion. cohesion. Okay. Um in the 13th century the Mongols Okay. Um in the 13th century the Mongols Okay. Um in the 13th century the Mongols having conquered Korea and China and having conquered Korea and China and having conquered Korea and China and most of Asia launched two invasions of most of Asia launched two invasions of most of Asia launched two invasions of Japan which both both these invasions Japan which both both these invasions Japan which both both these invasions fail. Now the myth is the kam kamicazi fail. Now the myth is the kam kamicazi fail. Now the myth is the kam kamicazi right the divine wind which saved Japan right the divine wind which saved Japan right the divine wind which saved Japan from the invasion. That's not true. from the invasion. That's not true. from the invasion. That's not true. That's just part of Japanese mythology. That's just part of Japanese mythology. That's just part of Japanese mythology. The real reason what really happened is The real reason what really happened is The real reason what really happened is the Mongols were able to land forces the Mongols were able to land forces the Mongols were able to land forces both times. But what they discovered was both times. But what they discovered was both times. But what they discovered was they could not divide and conquer. they could not divide and conquer. they could not divide and conquer. Usually the policy of an invader is to Usually the policy of an invader is to Usually the policy of an invader is to find local allies, establish a beach find local allies, establish a beach find local allies, establish a beach head on the island and then slowly head on the island and then slowly head on the island and then slowly expand outwards. Okay, that's a policy. expand outwards. Okay, that's a policy. expand outwards. Okay, that's a policy. But in Japan, the Mongols could not find But in Japan, the Mongols could not find But in Japan, the Mongols could not find any local allies. The people were united any local allies. The people were united any local allies. The people were united against the invaders and as a result it against the invaders and as a result it against the invaders and as a result it became too expensive and too burdensome became too expensive and too burdensome became too expensive and too burdensome for the Mongols to take over Japan. for the Mongols to take over Japan. for the Mongols to take over Japan. Okay, does that make sense? And this is Okay, does that make sense? And this is Okay, does that make sense? And this is and this creates the sense of national and this creates the sense of national and this creates the sense of national identity and national unity that still identity and national unity that still identity and national unity that still persists persists persists today. All right, and that's why um I today. All right, and that's why um I today. All right, and that's why um I just say this but the strongest nation just say this but the strongest nation just say this but the strongest nation in East Asia is not China, it's Japan. in East Asia is not China, it's Japan. in East Asia is not China, it's Japan. Okay. You have to look at social Okay. You have to look at social Okay. You have to look at social cohesion. You have to look look at um cohesion. You have to look look at um cohesion. You have to look look at um how willing people are willing how willing people are willing how willing people are willing to fight and die for the nation. And uh to fight and die for the nation. And uh to fight and die for the nation. And uh historically um the nation with the most historically um the nation with the most historically um the nation with the most patriotism has always been Japan, not patriotism has always been Japan, not patriotism has always been Japan, not China. Okay? So please keep this in China. Okay? So please keep this in China. Okay? So please keep this in mind. All right. Um now we go into World mind. All right. Um now we go into World mind. All right. Um now we go into World War I and World War II. In 1871, the War I and World War II. In 1871, the War I and World War II. In 1871, the German Empire is proclaimed. Okay, the German Empire is proclaimed. Okay, the German Empire is proclaimed. Okay, the Persians unite all um Germany into one Persians unite all um Germany into one Persians unite all um Germany into one political entity and now they're a political entity and now they're a political entity and now they're a threat to Britain because remember um threat to Britain because remember um threat to Britain because remember um the British foreign policy is we must the British foreign policy is we must the British foreign policy is we must always ensure a balance of power in always ensure a balance of power in always ensure a balance of power in Europe. If one power arises, we must Europe. If one power arises, we must Europe. If one power arises, we must fight it. Okay. So when uh Napoleon fight it. Okay. So when uh Napoleon fight it. Okay. So when uh Napoleon arose uh Britain spent infinite amount arose uh Britain spent infinite amount arose uh Britain spent infinite amount of money and resources to defeat of money and resources to defeat of money and resources to defeat Napoleon which it which it ultimately Napoleon which it which it ultimately Napoleon which it which it ultimately did. Okay. Now with Germany in power in did. Okay. Now with Germany in power in did. Okay. Now with Germany in power in Europe, Britain is now going to Europe, Britain is now going to Europe, Britain is now going to challenge it and ensure a balance of challenge it and ensure a balance of challenge it and ensure a balance of power in Europe. Okay. Does that make power in Europe. Okay. Does that make power in Europe. Okay. Does that make sense? At the same time, what's sense? At the same time, what's sense? At the same time, what's happening is the spread of nationalism happening is the spread of nationalism happening is the spread of nationalism throughout the former throughout the throughout the former throughout the throughout the former throughout the Ottoman and AustriaHungary Empire. Ottoman and AustriaHungary Empire. Ottoman and AustriaHungary Empire. Remember the Ottomans and the Remember the Ottomans and the Remember the Ottomans and the AustriaHungary Empire are these AustriaHungary Empire are these AustriaHungary Empire are these multithnic empires that don't really multithnic empires that don't really multithnic empires that don't really have any reason to exist anymore in an have any reason to exist anymore in an have any reason to exist anymore in an age of the nation state and of age of the nation state and of age of the nation state and of nationalism. Okay. So, uh this is the nationalism. Okay. So, uh this is the nationalism. Okay. So, uh this is the Ottoman Empire. They're based in Ottoman Empire. They're based in Ottoman Empire. They're based in uh uh uh um Istanbul. Okay. But but they also um Istanbul. Okay. But but they also um Istanbul. Okay. But but they also occupy what we call the Balkans, Greece, occupy what we call the Balkans, Greece, occupy what we call the Balkans, Greece, Macedonia, Macedonia, Macedonia, um Montenegro, Serbia. Okay. So, the um Montenegro, Serbia. Okay. So, the um Montenegro, Serbia. Okay. So, the Greeks rebel against the Ottomans and Greeks rebel against the Ottomans and Greeks rebel against the Ottomans and they're successful in doing so in the they're successful in doing so in the they're successful in doing so in the Greek war of independence. Greek war of independence. Greek war of independence. Now uh we talk a lot of the Greeks um Now uh we talk a lot of the Greeks um Now uh we talk a lot of the Greeks um and it may surprise to you to to um hear and it may surprise to you to to um hear and it may surprise to you to to um hear like for the most of of its history the like for the most of of its history the like for the most of of its history the Greeks didn't didn't consider themselves Greeks didn't didn't consider themselves Greeks didn't didn't consider themselves as one people as one culture as one as one people as one culture as one as one people as one culture as one nation right so that's why the Greeks nation right so that's why the Greeks nation right so that's why the Greeks never were able to expand that never were able to expand that never were able to expand that far right the Athenians the Spartans far right the Athenians the Spartans far right the Athenians the Spartans were too busy fighting each other to were too busy fighting each other to were too busy fighting each other to deal with with others ultimately it was deal with with others ultimately it was deal with with others ultimately it was the Macedonians to conquer Persia, not the Macedonians to conquer Persia, not the Macedonians to conquer Persia, not the Greeks. Okay. Um, this is Italian war of Okay. Um, this is Italian war of independence. The Italians rebelled independence. The Italians rebelled independence. The Italians rebelled against the AustriaHungary Empire. Okay. against the AustriaHungary Empire. Okay. against the AustriaHungary Empire. Okay. So, the Austria Hungary Empire comes So, the Austria Hungary Empire comes So, the Austria Hungary Empire comes into threat as well. And again, the into threat as well. And again, the into threat as well. And again, the AustriaHungary Empire, it is a AustriaHungary Empire, it is a AustriaHungary Empire, it is a multithnic state. And the nation and the multithnic state. And the nation and the multithnic state. And the nation and the different ethnicities in the Austria different ethnicities in the Austria different ethnicities in the Austria Hungary Empire, it is clamoring for Hungary Empire, it is clamoring for Hungary Empire, it is clamoring for independence. independence. independence. um the Austri Empire there are lots of um the Austri Empire there are lots of um the Austri Empire there are lots of Slavs Slavic people within it and they Slavs Slavic people within it and they Slavs Slavic people within it and they are calling to Russia for aid. Okay. And are calling to Russia for aid. Okay. And are calling to Russia for aid. Okay. And as you know what starts World War I is as you know what starts World War I is as you know what starts World War I is assassination of the here to the Austria assassination of the here to the Austria assassination of the here to the Austria Hungary Empire by a Syrian nationalist Hungary Empire by a Syrian nationalist Hungary Empire by a Syrian nationalist in Sahaval right which brings Austria in Sahaval right which brings Austria in Sahaval right which brings Austria Hungary Empire into direct conflict with Hungary Empire into direct conflict with Hungary Empire into direct conflict with Russia which then brings in um Britain Russia which then brings in um Britain Russia which then brings in um Britain and Russia sorry which brings in Britain and Russia sorry which brings in Britain and Russia sorry which brings in Britain and Germany as well and this creates and Germany as well and this creates and Germany as well and this creates World War World War World War I and World War I and World War II are I and World War I and World War II are I and World War I and World War II are the deadliest ye wars in human history the deadliest ye wars in human history the deadliest ye wars in human history by far. Okay. Millions and millions of by far. Okay. Millions and millions of by far. Okay. Millions and millions of people are killed after World War I. You people are killed after World War I. You people are killed after World War I. You have the rise of extreme nationalism. Uh have the rise of extreme nationalism. Uh have the rise of extreme nationalism. Uh which which is what we call fascism. which which is what we call fascism. which which is what we call fascism. Okay. Fascism is just the extreme Okay. Fascism is just the extreme Okay. Fascism is just the extreme version of nationalism. This is Mus version of nationalism. This is Mus version of nationalism. This is Mus Mousolini who was the founder of fascism Mousolini who was the founder of fascism Mousolini who was the founder of fascism and he explains fascism in this way. We and he explains fascism in this way. We and he explains fascism in this way. We have created our myth. The myth is a have created our myth. The myth is a have created our myth. The myth is a faith, a passion. It is not necessary faith, a passion. It is not necessary faith, a passion. It is not necessary for it to be reality. It is a reality in for it to be reality. It is a reality in for it to be reality. It is a reality in the sense that it is a stimulus is hope. the sense that it is a stimulus is hope. the sense that it is a stimulus is hope. It's faith. It's courage. Our myth is It's faith. It's courage. Our myth is It's faith. It's courage. Our myth is the nation. Our n our myth is the the nation. Our n our myth is the the nation. Our n our myth is the greatness of the nation. And to this greatness of the nation. And to this greatness of the nation. And to this myth, this greatness which we want to myth, this greatness which we want to myth, this greatness which we want to translate into a total reality we sub we translate into a total reality we sub we translate into a total reality we sub we subate everything else. Okay. Fasm is a subate everything else. Okay. Fasm is a subate everything else. Okay. Fasm is a belief belief belief that the nation the people is in is in a that the nation the people is in is in a that the nation the people is in is in a eternal struggle of the fittest. Okay. eternal struggle of the fittest. Okay. eternal struggle of the fittest. Okay. It must defeat other nations if it is to It must defeat other nations if it is to It must defeat other nations if it is to survive. And even though the nation survive. And even though the nation survive. And even though the nation looks weak, as long as we stick looks weak, as long as we stick looks weak, as long as we stick together, as long as we believe in each together, as long as we believe in each together, as long as we believe in each other, as long as we fight together, we other, as long as we fight together, we other, as long as we fight together, we will be invincible. Okay? And this is will be invincible. Okay? And this is will be invincible. Okay? And this is the again this is the romantic the again this is the romantic the again this is the romantic nationalism driving both um Italy as nationalism driving both um Italy as nationalism driving both um Italy as well as of of course Germany. Um this is well as of of course Germany. Um this is well as of of course Germany. Um this is a fascist Philippo Marini and he says we a fascist Philippo Marini and he says we a fascist Philippo Marini and he says we want to glorify war the only cure for want to glorify war the only cure for want to glorify war the only cure for the world and militarism patriotism and the world and militarism patriotism and the world and militarism patriotism and the beautiful ideas which kill. Okay. So the beautiful ideas which kill. Okay. So the beautiful ideas which kill. Okay. So for fascists war is a good thing because for fascists war is a good thing because for fascists war is a good thing because war automatically unites people together war automatically unites people together war automatically unites people together in the final struggle in the final struggle in the final struggle um for survival. And war is a process um for survival. And war is a process um for survival. And war is a process that you can use to remode that you can use to remode that you can use to remode people into the most extreme people into the most extreme people into the most extreme nationalists. Okay, does that make nationalists. Okay, does that make nationalists. Okay, does that make sense? Um, this of course leads to the sense? Um, this of course leads to the sense? Um, this of course leads to the rise of Hitler in Germany um as well as rise of Hitler in Germany um as well as rise of Hitler in Germany um as well as Stalin in the Soviet Union. Okay, so Stalin in the Soviet Union. Okay, so Stalin in the Soviet Union. Okay, so we're going to focus in Tyler Stalin we're going to focus in Tyler Stalin we're going to focus in Tyler Stalin next class. I mean, he's that important next class. I mean, he's that important next class. I mean, he's that important of a historical figure. Okay. So, but of a historical figure. Okay. So, but of a historical figure. Okay. So, but um um after World War II, people started um um after World War II, people started um um after World War II, people started to look at the to look at the to look at the tremendous carnage catastrophe of what tremendous carnage catastrophe of what tremendous carnage catastrophe of what what had happened. Okay, this is Hannah what had happened. Okay, this is Hannah what had happened. Okay, this is Hannah and she wrote a book called the origins and she wrote a book called the origins and she wrote a book called the origins of totalitarianism. It is a fantastic of totalitarianism. It is a fantastic of totalitarianism. It is a fantastic book by the way. Um it's it's one of my book by the way. Um it's it's one of my book by the way. Um it's it's one of my favorite books. Definitely the favorite books. Definitely the favorite books. Definitely the considered the greatest work of considered the greatest work of considered the greatest work of political philosophy in the 20th political philosophy in the 20th political philosophy in the 20th century. Okay, it's it's basically century. Okay, it's it's basically century. Okay, it's it's basically required reading in university when you required reading in university when you required reading in university when you go there. And in it, she basically tries go there. And in it, she basically tries go there. And in it, she basically tries to explain why the Holocaust happened. to explain why the Holocaust happened. to explain why the Holocaust happened. Uh why World War II happened. Um how was Uh why World War II happened. Um how was Uh why World War II happened. Um how was it possible for the Nazis to rise in it possible for the Nazis to rise in it possible for the Nazis to rise in power in Germany and for the communist power in Germany and for the communist power in Germany and for the communist to rise in power in the Soviet Union. to rise in power in the Soviet Union. to rise in power in the Soviet Union. Okay. And what she explains is this. The Okay. And what she explains is this. The Okay. And what she explains is this. The ideal subject of Sultarian rule is not ideal subject of Sultarian rule is not ideal subject of Sultarian rule is not the convinced Nazi or the dedicated the convinced Nazi or the dedicated the convinced Nazi or the dedicated communist but people for whom the communist but people for whom the communist but people for whom the distinction between fact and fiction distinction between fact and fiction distinction between fact and fiction true and false no longer exists. So what true and false no longer exists. So what true and false no longer exists. So what she believes what she argues is that she believes what she argues is that she believes what she argues is that these regimes systematically eroded these regimes systematically eroded these regimes systematically eroded people's capacity to judge for people's capacity to judge for people's capacity to judge for themselves. Okay. Basically these themselves. Okay. Basically these themselves. Okay. Basically these regimes destroyed the idea of the regimes destroyed the idea of the regimes destroyed the idea of the individual and that's what allowed for individual and that's what allowed for individual and that's what allowed for totalitarianism to arise in these um totalitarianism to arise in these um totalitarianism to arise in these um states. Okay, this is Carl Pauper. And states. Okay, this is Carl Pauper. And states. Okay, this is Carl Pauper. And Carl Pauper is like her henna rant, uh, Carl Pauper is like her henna rant, uh, Carl Pauper is like her henna rant, uh, a European Jew who escaped the the a European Jew who escaped the the a European Jew who escaped the the devastation of the Holocaust and the war devastation of the Holocaust and the war devastation of the Holocaust and the war and they both went to America. And he and they both went to America. And he and they both went to America. And he wrote a very famous book called The Open wrote a very famous book called The Open wrote a very famous book called The Open Society. Okay. And he argues the open Society. Okay. And he argues the open Society. Okay. And he argues the open society is is one in which men have society is is one in which men have society is is one in which men have learned to be some extent critical of learned to be some extent critical of learned to be some extent critical of taboss and to base decisions on taboss and to base decisions on taboss and to base decisions on authority of their own intelligence. So authority of their own intelligence. So authority of their own intelligence. So what he argues is for peace to happen, what he argues is for peace to happen, what he argues is for peace to happen, for peace to ultimately um thrive in for peace to ultimately um thrive in for peace to ultimately um thrive in this world, we need to we need to this world, we need to we need to this world, we need to we need to celebrate the individual rather than the celebrate the individual rather than the celebrate the individual rather than the nation. Also, we need to be skeptical of nation. Also, we need to be skeptical of nation. Also, we need to be skeptical of these grand theories of human history. these grand theories of human history. these grand theories of human history. Okay, we need we need to avoid Hegel. We Okay, we need we need to avoid Hegel. We Okay, we need we need to avoid Hegel. We definitely want need to avoid Marx, but definitely want need to avoid Marx, but definitely want need to avoid Marx, but also Plato. These are the three baddies also Plato. These are the three baddies also Plato. These are the three baddies of the western tradition. Plato, Hegel, of the western tradition. Plato, Hegel, of the western tradition. Plato, Hegel, and Marx because they're and Marx because they're and Marx because they're anti-democratic, they're anti-democratic, they're anti-democratic, they're anti-individual, but also they have a anti-individual, but also they have a anti-individual, but also they have a theological view of history of things theological view of history of things theological view of history of things that's moving towards the final end. Um, that's moving towards the final end. Um, that's moving towards the final end. Um, that is a megalomaniacal view to that is a megalomaniacal view to that is a megalomaniacal view to understand the world. We need to be understand the world. We need to be understand the world. We need to be skeptical. Okay, we need to skeptical. Okay, we need to skeptical. Okay, we need to incrementally make change society. incrementally make change society. incrementally make change society. And so what he's really doing is he is And so what he's really doing is he is And so what he's really doing is he is proposing that Anglo-American proposing that Anglo-American proposing that Anglo-American civilization is far superior, far more civilization is far superior, far more civilization is far superior, far more scientific, far more advanced than both scientific, far more advanced than both scientific, far more advanced than both Russian and German civilization. Okay, Russian and German civilization. Okay, Russian and German civilization. Okay, that's what he's really doing. And that's what he's really doing. And that's what he's really doing. And that's and that's why Carl Parker's open that's and that's why Carl Parker's open that's and that's why Carl Parker's open society has become an intelligent basis society has become an intelligent basis society has become an intelligent basis for the American Empire. Okay. So very for the American Empire. Okay. So very for the American Empire. Okay. So very quickly let's let's understand the quickly let's let's understand the quickly let's let's understand the difference between World War II and the difference between World War II and the difference between World War II and the and the Pax Americana which is the age and the Pax Americana which is the age and the Pax Americana which is the age we live in today. World War II was about we live in today. World War II was about we live in today. World War II was about the nation state. Okay. The rise of the nation state. Okay. The rise of the nation state. Okay. The rise of nationalism and fascism. The Pax nationalism and fascism. The Pax nationalism and fascism. The Pax Americana is about the international Americana is about the international Americana is about the international rules-based order. Okay. The United rules-based order. Okay. The United rules-based order. Okay. The United Nations, human Nations, human Nations, human rights, the generic convention, all rights, the generic convention, all rights, the generic convention, all these things. Okay. It's it's it's what these things. Okay. It's it's it's what these things. Okay. It's it's it's what they call the rulesbased international they call the rulesbased international they call the rulesbased international order. Another difference is World War order. Another difference is World War order. Another difference is World War II was about mercantalism. Okay, II was about mercantalism. Okay, II was about mercantalism. Okay, mercantalism is basically you have your mercantalism is basically you have your mercantalism is basically you have your own separate trading zone and you only own separate trading zone and you only own separate trading zone and you only trade within this zone. So that creates trade within this zone. So that creates trade within this zone. So that creates an incentive for Britain, for Germany, an incentive for Britain, for Germany, an incentive for Britain, for Germany, for France to go and conquer other for France to go and conquer other for France to go and conquer other colonies in order to facilitate uh their colonies in order to facilitate uh their colonies in order to facilitate uh their own industrial production. Okay, America own industrial production. Okay, America own industrial production. Okay, America is saying no guys, let's just focus on is saying no guys, let's just focus on is saying no guys, let's just focus on global free trade. Let's have everyone global free trade. Let's have everyone global free trade. Let's have everyone trade together and if everyone tries trade together and if everyone tries trade together and if everyone tries together there is going to be together there is going to be together there is going to be peace. War II is a separation of the peace. War II is a separation of the peace. War II is a separation of the unit of will right? That's what fascism unit of will right? That's what fascism unit of will right? That's what fascism is the unit of will. We as a people if is the unit of will. We as a people if is the unit of will. We as a people if we come together we will be this invis we come together we will be this invis we come together we will be this invis invincible inevitable historical force invincible inevitable historical force invincible inevitable historical force that will overwhelm the whole world. Uh that will overwhelm the whole world. Uh that will overwhelm the whole world. Uh today we just focus on consumerism. Just today we just focus on consumerism. Just today we just focus on consumerism. Just go buy things guys. Okay? Buy things be go buy things guys. Okay? Buy things be go buy things guys. Okay? Buy things be happy. We're good. All right. So uh this happy. We're good. All right. So uh this happy. We're good. All right. So uh this is this is introduction. We will discuss is this is introduction. We will discuss is this is introduction. We will discuss this when we finish some when we finish this when we finish some when we finish this when we finish some when we finish the class with the American Empire. the class with the American Empire. the class with the American Empire. Okay, that's next Thursday. All right, Okay, that's next Thursday. All right, Okay, that's next Thursday. All right, but that is but that is but that is um that okay so um that okay so um that okay so um copper's open society rubric in the um copper's open society rubric in the um copper's open society rubric in the American empire creates these new trends American empire creates these new trends American empire creates these new trends in society that really weren't there in society that really weren't there in society that really weren't there before. Okay, so for example, identity before. Okay, so for example, identity before. Okay, so for example, identity politics. Okay, identity politics. Okay, identity politics. Okay, identity politics is one such trend. Um, identity politics is one such trend. Um, identity politics is one such trend. Um, identity politics is really the celebration of politics is really the celebration of politics is really the celebration of individual helplessness. Okay, we're all individual helplessness. Okay, we're all individual helplessness. Okay, we're all individuals and we all require the state individuals and we all require the state individuals and we all require the state to help to help to help us. Okay, so the state is fun us. Okay, so the state is fun us. Okay, so the state is fun fundamentally about protecting the fundamentally about protecting the fundamentally about protecting the vulnerable including uh minorities, vulnerable including uh minorities, vulnerable including uh minorities, including women, including immigrants. including women, including immigrants. including women, including immigrants. Okay, does that make sense? That's what Okay, does that make sense? That's what Okay, does that make sense? That's what identity politics is identity politics is identity politics is really. You also really. You also really. You also have mass immigration. Okay. And this have mass immigration. Okay. And this have mass immigration. Okay. And this again um uh and and mass immigration is again um uh and and mass immigration is again um uh and and mass immigration is celebrated in America and in European celebrated in America and in European celebrated in America and in European nations right now. And historically this nations right now. And historically this nations right now. And historically this was not true. Okay. They maybe they had was not true. Okay. They maybe they had was not true. Okay. They maybe they had immigration but it was more of an immigration but it was more of an immigration but it was more of an academic need and there's a lot of academic need and there's a lot of academic need and there's a lot of political push back against mass political push back against mass political push back against mass immigration. Today it's celebrated. immigration. Today it's celebrated. immigration. Today it's celebrated. Okay. But when you do that, when you Okay. But when you do that, when you Okay. But when you do that, when you have identity politics and mass have identity politics and mass have identity politics and mass immigration together, that ultimately immigration together, that ultimately immigration together, that ultimately creates a conservative creates a conservative creates a conservative um push back, which is what we're seeing um push back, which is what we're seeing um push back, which is what we're seeing today. Okay. So, the Trump era, which today. Okay. So, the Trump era, which today. Okay. So, the Trump era, which started only a few months ago, there's started only a few months ago, there's started only a few months ago, there's mass there's deportation deportations mass there's deportation deportations mass there's deportation deportations going on. Uh it's possible that you guys going on. Uh it's possible that you guys going on. Uh it's possible that you guys will not be allowed to go United States. will not be allowed to go United States. will not be allowed to go United States. Um you know, all this is possible Um you know, all this is possible Um you know, all this is possible because of this conservative push back. because of this conservative push back. because of this conservative push back. All right. So in other All right. So in other All right. So in other words, even though um the nation state words, even though um the nation state words, even though um the nation state created a lot of problems that the Pax created a lot of problems that the Pax created a lot of problems that the Pax American is trying to resolve by American is trying to resolve by American is trying to resolve by focusing on more individual focusing on more individual focusing on more individual rights, the focus on individual rights rights, the focus on individual rights rights, the focus on individual rights is going to create more problems that is going to create more problems that is going to create more problems that may also allow for a return of may also allow for a return of may also allow for a return of nationalism in the future. And I think nationalism in the future. And I think nationalism in the future. And I think that's a very strong possibility that that's a very strong possibility that that's a very strong possibility that we'll discuss at the end of the course we'll discuss at the end of the course we'll discuss at the end of the course on Thursday. Okay. All right. So that's on Thursday. Okay. All right. So that's on Thursday. Okay. All right. So that's it. Okay. And again, what's really it. Okay. And again, what's really it. Okay. And again, what's really important for us to remember is that important for us to remember is that important for us to remember is that this is all just set up for the next two this is all just set up for the next two this is all just set up for the next two classes which will end the uh course. classes which will end the uh course. classes which will end the uh course. All right. So this is all just All right. So this is all just All right. So this is all just background information for for you guys. background information for for you guys. background information for for you guys. But was anything But was anything But was anything unclear about today? Anything you guys are not clear today? Anything you guys are not clear about? Any questions? What is the about? Any questions? What is the about? Any questions? What is the difference between the nationalism and difference between the nationalism and difference between the nationalism and the cult? the cult? the cult? Oh. Uh, what's the difference between Oh. Uh, what's the difference between Oh. Uh, what's the difference between nationalism and um a cult? Um, so nationalism and um a cult? Um, so nationalism and um a cult? Um, so there's really little difference between there's really little difference between there's really little difference between nationalism and religion, but a cult is nationalism and religion, but a cult is nationalism and religion, but a cult is something that we mean um it's much more something that we mean um it's much more something that we mean um it's much more like limited, much more small and it like limited, much more small and it like limited, much more small and it requires rituals as well. Okay. But but requires rituals as well. Okay. But but requires rituals as well. Okay. But but I I think you're right. I think like you I I think you're right. I think like you I I think you're right. I think like you can make the argument that nationalism can make the argument that nationalism can make the argument that nationalism it is a form of religion. Definitely. it is a form of religion. Definitely. it is a form of religion. Definitely. Great. Okay. Does that make sense? Thank Great. Okay. Does that make sense? Thank Great. Okay. Does that make sense? Thank you. Any any more questions? questions? Okay. Okay. Great. So, um next class we Okay. Okay. Great. So, um next class we Okay. Okay. Great. So, um next class we will do the the commerce revolution, the will do the the commerce revolution, the will do the the commerce revolution, the Soviet Union, and the rise of salin. Soviet Union, and the rise of salin. Soviet Union, and the rise of salin. Okay.