Communist China, working with the United Nations, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, and Big Pharma, which are the most ruthless, corrupt corporations out there, biologically created COVID-19 as an economic killing system to bring in the global social credit score and the technocracy.
  In their own words now, they admit it's bringing in the technocracy and the global social credit score.
  And you've had scientists in India and Australia and the United States and Germany and all over the world come out and scan the virus, COVID-19, and say it's man-made, five different viruses.
  And now you've got a Chinese scientist whistleblower from Hong Kong, Dr. Li Ming Yan, who's put out a 200-page report detailing what's in all these other scientific reports.
  I'm about to show you.
  That it was made at Wuhan for a reason to shut down Hong Kong and Taiwan freedom movements, but to be used in the West to shut down our economy, make China win the trade war, and discredit Donald Trump, which you've now seen them all attempt to do.
  We told you seven months ago, that was the game plan.
  And the White House now gets it.
  And the White House now knows it was Infowars.
  And it was Gateway Pundit, and it was Zero Hedge.
  We were the trifecta.
  I mean, I personally, seven months ago, pled with Tucker Carlson with these links, with this information.
  And so now you see what's happening because they've gambled with this bioweapon that they can blame on America.
  But it comes from them.
  But they've got the whole big tech system defending China because big tech was in on it with them.
  Because it's one big combine.
  What's the Washington Post headline?
  Xi Jinping must destroy Trump to save America.
  These are globalist collaborators.
  They know what they've done.
  They are cornered rats.
  Cornered animals.
  And if America learns that Communist China, with collaborators that hate America, launched this attack and there's total proof, it's over for their party.
  They're not a political party.
  They are like the Nazi party.
  They are a criminal group that tried to overthrow the country and may still do it.
  From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones.
  The Republic is fighting for its life.
  Only that realization can trigger a mass awakening and reverse the incredibly dangerous peril we are under.
  A multinational consortium of foreign ruthless corporations allied with Hollywood and the Communist Chinese is actively trying to implode the United States once and for all.
  But humanity is awakening.
  Now there is a headline that just went live at InfoWars.com and NewsWars.com.
  Dealing with the topic we're going to be breaking down here today, and I'll break it down on the other side of this quick report.
  We are dealing with, ladies and gentlemen,
  An act of war by Communist China producing the COVID-19 virus and then purposely releasing it, not just in China but in Europe and the United States, as an economic weapon that their allies in Big Tech and the Democratic Party and the Socialist Parties of Europe would then use to say that China was a hero and that the United States was the bad guy.
  We put this together seven months ago, but now it's all confirmed, and top scientists and whistleblowers have gone public confirming all of this, but big tech and the controlled corporate enemy media, enemy of the people, is desperately trying to censor it now.
  Not just InfoWars, but now Tucker Carlson.
  It's all coming up, the censored Tucker Carlson interview, all the bombshell proof, and what this means.
  What this means, because the collaborators will all pay.
  But first, a breakdown of their conflicting messages on the so-called mask.
  Stay with us.
  We've all been told, physically distance, wash your hands, and... Wear masks.
  Masks are important.
  Wear the mask.
  Masks must be worn.
  Not wearing face masks during the pandemic isn't an option.
  Not wearing a mask is not okay.
  I'm choosing not to do it.
  Wearing a mask is now cool.
  I believe it's cool.
  The mask has become a symbol of fear.
  Mask Wars is heating up.
  The president now chastising a reporter for choosing to keep his on.
  I couldn't hear you.
  Can you take it off because I cannot hear you?
  I'll just speak louder, sir.
  Okay, good.
  You want to be politically correct.
  Go ahead.
  No sir, I just want to wear the mask.
  The president again in front of the mostly mask-free crowd.
  You can see all the people walking out and I don't see anybody wearing masks.
  Many of those attendees not wearing masks.
  The CDC places this event in the highest risk category.
  We've pretty consistently found that people who are protesting masks during this time, once you really start talking to them, they don't really care about police brutality and they don't really care about oppression of minorities.
  There doesn't seem to be any social distancing and not a lot of care when it comes to the coronavirus.
  Because there's no COVID.
  It's a fake pandemic created to destroy the United States of America.
  Are the people there just not worried about it, Cal?
  Are they not worried about their own personal safety?
  I haven't met anybody who is.
  But you can see, here, it's a threat.
  Nobody's wearing them.
  Including the cameraman.
  There you go, including the cameraman.
  Is it time to mandate the wearing of masks across the country?
  I definitely long overdue for that.
  The science that says you must test, trace, treat, you must wear your mask, you must have sanitation.
  You call what the president did last night at this indoor rally with thousands of people, most if not many, not wearing masks, you call it negligent homicide.
  Why?
  Well that's what you call
  The actions of somebody who, through their negligence, causes the death of other people.
  We're talking about criminally negligent homicide.
  Jim, you have new information on the president's refusal over these few months to even wear a mask.
  No mask!
  No mask, no soup!
  These actions just fly in the face of what any, you know,
  What a considerate person would do for others.
  It's not okay for you to jeopardize my health.
  If he can profit from your death, he will.
  And then he'll totally forget you died.
  You will have served your purpose and are no longer relevant.
  He is trying to kill New York City.
  Oh, son of a bitch.
  Ladies and gentlemen, everything is proceeding as we have predicted.
  That means we've got a serious chance of winning and defeating the Globalist, but it guarantees things are going to get really, really bad really, really fast before we come out of the darkness, out of the storm, and into the blazing light of the sun.
  It is Wednesday, September 16th.
  The year is 2020.
  We are 47 days out from
  The most important election in world history.
  I am your host, Alex Jones.
  Here is the live show feed headline that I hope you share in this critical information war, because the entire CHICOM operation, the entire EU system, the Hollywood system, big tech, and all of their sensors are trying to block this intel right now.
  An act of war.
  Top scientists slash whistleblowers confirm China purposely released COVID-19.
  Communist China and its allies in Big Tech and Democratic Party are desperate in their damage control as total proof is put on the table.
  I would share the News Wars link.
  Info Wars and News Wars have been under now 14 days of sustained Communist Chinese attack.
  And it's even mainstream news.
  It's Communist Chinese attack against every affiliated Trump website, including us.
  I'm proud of that, ladies and gentlemen, and I'm proud of you keeping us in the fight.
  Okay, let's plunge right into what's about to happen.
  Normally something this important, I'd say call your friends, call your neighbors, call your family, tell them tune in.
  Still do that.
  When we're done breaking this down in this hour, we'll archive it to Bandot Video.
  And I suggest you then research everything we say.
  I just got massive chills.
  And that you, whoa, and that you take action with this because I'm gonna show you what they're scared of.
  I'm gonna show you the facts.
  I'm gonna show you the proof in their own words.
  I'm gonna show you the purchase orders and the hundreds of millions of funding by Fauci and Gates with the Chinese government to create COVID-19.
  I'm going to show you the IMF World Bank documents confirming it two years ago that they produced it and funded it.
  They even put in their tax receipts for it because Gates gets money off his own charitable donations.
  That's how he runs the money laundering.
  And I'm going to show you the top scientists and whistleblowers from the US, Australia, Germany, England, Hong Kong, Taiwan, China, Russia,
  It was India that first exposed it though.
  Their top research institute with a CRISPR's editing system.
  They were able to go right in and scan the RNA genome of COVID.
  Five viruses spliced together.
  And it's got surprises.
  It's a real virus.
  It does kill people, but a low number.
  Those are deficient and old.
  There's a key to this and we've decoded it.
  We've cracked the code.
  But first I'm going to air the censored Tucker Carlson interview that Facebook and others are blocking.
  Tucker Carlson has tweeted about it.
  The video is posted on InfoWars.com.
  Facebook's saying it's false information and trying to block it.
  Chinese whistleblower Dr. Li Ming Yan.
  Everything she says is already documented.
  I have over 200 articles and government documents that I will show you proving it after we air the report.
  But here is the censored video that Big Tech is desperate that you don't see because it's an act of war by China.
  And we're going to do that again right now.
  Li Meng Yan is the virologist who says she has evidence about where this pandemic actually came from.
  We're happy to have her on tonight.
  Doctor, thanks so much for coming on.
  Hi, Tucker.
  Thank you.
  I know that you've published some of your research.
  You're planning on publishing more soon.
  Give us, for a non-scientific audience, a summary of why you believe this virus came from a lab in Wuhan.
  Please.
  Okay, briefly, from my first report, I can present the solid scientific evidence to our audience that this virus, COVID-19, SARS-CoV-2 virus, actually is not from nature.
  It is a man-made virus created in the lab based on the China military discovered and owned the very unique bat coronavirus, which cannot affect people, but after the modification becomes a very harmful virus as now.
  So, I have evidence to show why they can do it.
  What they have done.
  How did they do it?
  So, what you're saying is much more sinister even than we've suggested on this show than Tom Cotton's, than almost anyone's suggested.
  You're saying that the Chinese government manufactured this virus, if I'm hearing you correctly.
  That's what you're saying?
  Yes, exactly.
  Based on the virus genome, it's basically like our fingerprint.
  So you can see the very unusual characters in their genome, which clearly, based on the other evidence they left during the modification, we can say finally this is exactly the one come from their own special bat coronavirus and then target human.
  What you're alleging is shocking more even than I anticipated when we invited you on.
  So, I just want to ask the most obvious question, which is, this genome, presumably, is in the possession of many researchers around the world.
  Why is nobody saying this, if it's true?
  Yeah, why there is nobody want to say it, it's because of the big suppression come from the Chinese Communist Party government and also their friend in scientific world.
  So basically, this is very clearly that this virus is like Frankenstein.
  So he created those things, like basically a cow has deer's head, has rabbit's ear, and also have monkey's hand.
  So they can never get it from the nature.
  And there were evidence left in the genome.
  But the scientific world also keep silence, work together with Chinese Communist Party.
  They don't want people to know this truth.
  Also, that's why I get suspended.
  I get suppression.
  I am the target that Chinese Communist Party won't be disappeared.
  You're a brave person.
  I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt and assuming you're not an anti-Chinese racist, so it's not clear why Twitter would shut you down or why you're being ignored by the rest of the U.S.
  media.
  Let me ask you a couple of questions.
  Why would the Chinese government intentionally create a virus like this?
  Okay, if you want to know the exact motive, the exact idea, I think people have to come to ask them, ask Communist Party, why did they do it?
  Because they are the ones who do it.
  We cannot always understand their evil thinking.
  You have to come to ask them.
  But what we say already proves that they have done that.
  It harmed everyone in the world, lead to the historic pandemic.
  Involve everyone.
  How do you believe this virus made its way from the lab in Wuhan outside to the rest of the world?
  Okay, first, as I said, I have this kind of solid scientific evidence, and also my next report will come out soon to make you fully understand it is.
  The other thing is, I work in the WHO reference lab, which is the top coronavirus lab in the world, in the University of Hong Kong.
  And since I get deeply into such investigation in secret from the early beginning of this outbreak,
  I had my intelligence because I also got my own unique network in China, involved the hospital, institute, and also government.
  Also, I work with the top coronavirologists in the world.
  So, together with my experience, I can tell you.
  To make such damage?
  Do you believe the Chinese government released this intentionally, on purpose?
  Did they do this?
  Yes, of course it's intentionally.
  And even though need more evidence, you already can see what they try to cover up from the early beginning as I reviewed in different medias before, and also what else they have done, like making the fabricated virus,
  You know, it's hard to be...
  The rest of the interview is on Infowars.com, but I have the answers of why they did it and who they were working with.
  It wasn't just China.
  It was Big Tech, it was Bill Gates, it was the UN, and you see their agenda.
  But I will detail it all on the other side.
  Now, why is this so important?
  We'll explain.
  It will bring them down.
  InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's news today.
  Deng Xiaoping, who's followed in the footsteps of Mao Zedong, famously said back in the 1980s that China was willing to absorb a nuclear attack from Russia or the U.S.
  because they're the only country in the world, in his words, that would benefit from a nuclear war.
  Remember, it's China, under him as well, that began the one-child policy, where they would even come grab your six-month-old you'd been hiding, and it was your second child, you were a poor villager, they would drown it.
  Now, the elites could have five or six children if they wanted to, because they were in the Communist Party, but you were looked down on as a poor Chinese farmer,
  And you would have your daughter particularly taken and killed.
  If it was a boy, they might take it and put it in a communist orphanage and raise it to serve the state like a robot.
  Alex Jones here back live.
  So why did I just start the segment with that when I just showed you the censored Tucker Carlson interview with a top whistleblower, top scientist that worked in the WHO main lab
  In Hong Kong, I mean her credentials, she's been out for six months, are spotless.
  And that's where they have the CRISPR editing systems that only a handful of facilities have.
  And they can scan right in and tell you exactly, not just that it's manufactured virus, but exactly who made it.
  This is Blade Runner level technology.
  You know where Decker, in the science fiction movie by P.K.
  Dick,
  Goes in, he says, is this a snake scale?
  She goes, yes, it's a snake scale made by this person.
  Superior craftsmanship, extremely high quality.
  That was fiction.
  This is real.
  They can go right in with those CRISPR systems, electron microscopes, and they can tell you what virus it is, what bacteria it is, what gene it is, what sequence it is, what part of the genome it is, and they can edit it in live time.
  Not just tell you what it is, they can edit it.
  With these little nanotech devices.
  This is super science stuff, okay?
  And this is what they admit they've got.
  You know they're way ahead of that.
  And so, Tucker Carlson goes, well why aren't others saying this if other facilities know how to read it?
  Of course, he's very smart.
  He's opening the chapters for the American people.
  I have a stack
  Of InfoWars.com, GatewayPundit.com, ZeroHedge.com, articles from March, April, and May.
  And February.
  Actually, there's some from late January, excuse me.
  We have some from late January, where we first interviewed Dr. Francis Boyle and others, who was the author of the U.S.
  Biological Weapons Law that became World Treaty.
  He talked to his sources.
  And they said, this is 100% manufactured.
  He said that before the top Indian institute that has a CRISPR system.
  But they don't even need the CRISPR.
  They can go in and see it's manufactured.
  The CRISPR just does the editing.
  And they said, oh my God, this is a horrible chimera.
  Five viruses, including HIV delivery system.
  And then they threatened to pull all the funding of that Indian University, the most prestigious in India.
  And the Indians are way up there, barely behind the U.S.
  and China on genetic engineering.
  They got top scientists.
  They're in third place.
  And they said it's conclusive.
  Now, why is this so important?
  We know where it came from.
  We know who's behind it.
  We know who funded it.
  We know who laid it all out.
  And I'm going to do that next segment.
  For the public, for the FBI, for the military, because the military brass all knows this.
  That's why General Milley comes out and goes, uh, we can't prove it's China because he knows it's an act of war.
  He knows what's going on, and under law, we have to go to war with China if they have demonstrably launched a bio-attack on us.
  And I haven't changed my view on this from the beginning, from the research we had, and we've been proven right.
  It's a real virus, only kills people that are
  Deficient in key vitamins and minerals.
  Particularly old people.
  Then why is it engineered?
  Because it has incredible gain of function.
  Everyone will get it.
  And then they've already tested it in pigs for many, many years.
  These type of viruses for decades.
  Bill and Melinda Gates are obsessed with them.
  I believe, and now they're admitting this is the truth, that it's gonna mutate into something really nasty down the road.
  So, they've already war-gamed this.
  And I said, Gates is just releasing this as a drill to see if you'll lock things down and to make sure he's the savior.
  So that you'll listen to what he says when the next version gets released or with the CRISPR system, they can engineer it and test it to see how it's going to mutate later and then release an earlier version knowing how it's going to mutate.
  You understand?
  They can either release a new one under the COVID-19 name, which is a very complex virus, five different viruses, or they can already know what the mutation is going to be in the future because all the pre-programming is the big massive death is going to come later.
  And he later went on Colbert after I said that and said,
  Terrorists will release a bioweapon based on COVID-19 that will be much worse very soon, and began giggling and laughing like only a supervillain would do.
  So again, ladies and gentlemen, when we come back, I'm going to lay out all the evidence of who's behind it, why they did it, what the motive is, and then show you the proof.
  Humans have advanced intelligence and when we are faced with a life-threatening situation, we can work out all the angles and God will give us the discernment to be able to break the chains and defeat it.
  But you've got to listen and you've got to take this serious and you've got to research it.
  I used to tell people stuff like this and give them third, fourth, fifth, sixth gen level stuff.
  I used to break out into multi-dimensional analysis of things because I'm in the mind of the enemy.
  You heard the top scientist whistleblower
  And what did she say?
  What did she say?
  She said, we can't get in the minds of the evil Communist Party, Dr. Li Ming Yan said.
  We don't know why they did it.
  Well, sweetheart, I do.
  And that's my gift.
  I am inside the enemy's brain.
  Okay.
  I know what they're doing.
  I know their next plan.
I just, I know them. 
  I'm totally immersed in it.
  And I'm able to dial into their satanic frequency.
  And that's just what this is.
  Because God cheats, ladies and gentlemen.
  God gave us the Bible, the warrant was coming next.
  God gave us free will, but gave us a blueprint to get out of it, because he loves us so much.
  And I'm not the only one that knows this stuff.
  Oh, many of you have different gifts God gave you.
  You have to use it.
  You have discernment.
  It's why you're tuned into this show.
  So we're all actually superheroes spiritually, ladies and gentlemen, and you have to realize you have that power and that you can look at the evidence and then extrapolate what they're going to do next if you have the discernment and if you're willing.
  To dial into the enemy's broadcast.
  But it is not a nice spiritual broadcast, I can assure you.
  And it's very, very depressing and very, very horrifying.
  And it will make you only want to be closer to God once you've dialed into this.
  But I'm done talking about the big metaphysical issue now and the eternal fight.
  When I come back, I'm going to systematically lay out who's behind it, the motive, why they did it, and then the evidence of it.
  And then I'm going to give you
  The coup de grace.
  The final blow.
  In their gamble to launch this, and to censor and try to control what they've done, they have sowed the seeds of their pure destruction if we simply take advantage of what they've done against them.
  They're done.
  They're done with this act of war if we're able to get this into the mass consciousness that America and the world is under globalist attack.
  Why is big tech, why is mainstream media, why is the Democratic Party
  So incredibly obsessed right now with saying that Communist China had nothing to do with the Wuhan COVID-19 virus.
  The Chinese virus.
  Why are they doing this?
  Well, it's not just that they want to blame Trump and blame America and use the virus to selectively keep our industries and culture shut down, and then force us onto commuting from home and being under their AI surveillance with everything we say and do at work, where nothing's said personally, face-to-face, but everything's fed into AI for total control.
  It's not just for that.
  It's because Obama and the Deep State and Fauci and Bill Gates on record funded hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of millions.
  You know, I've tried to find out the last seven, eight months how many programs Bill Gates funded at Wuhan.
  And at about 20, it just all became a morass because I kept finding new programs he funded at Wuhan.
  Producing coronaviruses, including coronaviruses in 2018, patented, admitted to by the World Bank and IMF as COVID-19, as a chimera gain-of-function.
  The same virus produced under another name, 2015, Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
  U.S.
  scientists got very upset, so this should be illegal, so they had to shut the program down and they moved it to Wuhan.
  And I'm going to show you all the articles and all the admissions, not from 2020, but from back then.
  So when Tucker Carlson has her on, the whistleblower scientist who was at the WHO UN facility in Hong Kong monitoring all of Asia with these viruses that keep coming out, he says, well, why didn't other universities and other groups find that they did?
  In India, in Australia, in the US, in Canada, in Germany, in the UK, in Russia, in Brazil,
  Because as more and more universities get these CRISPR gene editing systems and tumor systems, they can go look at it, and the computer prints out what it is.
  It's this virus, that virus, this piece of that virus, this virus, this virus, and it tells them.
  It's this part of the HIV delivery system.
  It's this part of this particular bat system.
  It says we have insertion points of the p-shuttle gene showing this was delivered by a such-and-such
  Nanotech gene gun.
  I mean, these computers even know, like a diagnostic on your car you plug in, how they made it and who made it.
  It's got serial numbers.
  I mean, you know for like 30 years, the big secret of the printer companies is the Secret Service is worried about people printing counterfeit dollars, counterfeit money, so they all print little secret codes.
  In the ink, so they can tell where it was bought, you know, they can track it back to you.
  That's all 30-year-old stuff, folks.
  They've got it in the gene editing.
  So, they thought everybody was so dumb that Bill Gates and Fauci have got this over there.
  It's been going on since Obama got in office.
  I'm not just blaming Obama.
  That's when this particular project started in about 2009.
  By 2010, it's going on at University of Texas, Galveston, Chapel Hill, North Carolina, and Fort Detrick, Maryland.
  The military always wants to be part of it.
  And several other universities.
  People bitch about it.
  They say it's wrong to build a bioweapon like this that has incredible gain of function.
  You can upgrade the virus anytime you want to where it's not very deadly now, but you can make a few switches and make it super deadly.
  So this is a training wheels virus.
  You're being introduced to just the test to see if you'll lock down, to see if you'll do what they say.
  So I'll get into why they did it right now.
  And you don't need me to tell you this.
  Once you shift your perspective, it's still a third dimensional system they're launching, but it's from a different perspective.
  Not of being good, not of trying to help, not being nice.
  But if you're the manager of the system, the UN, the big banks, the big corporations, the government leaders,
  And you want to lock people up in their houses?
  You want to track and trace them?
  You want to bankrupt them, get them in more debt?
  You want to get rid of cash?
  You want to make them take apps on their phones?
  You want to tell them they're non-essential?
  You want to make yourself a hero?
  You want to shut down all the other medical procedures and call them non-essential and cause massive death?
  You want to get rid of old people?
  You want to lock families out of hospitals and set it up where hospitals are prisons?
  You want a big, fat, giant power grab?
  You want control because you're a psycho?
  Well obviously you see this consortium of authoritarian corporations led by Big Pharma with China and the UN with their history of tyranny at the UN and their history of tyranny in China and the history of America hating and big tech and Hollywood and all of it and then there you see it.
  And then they're always so arrogant that they hide it in plain view.
  That they created the virus.
  That they handed the virus out.
  That they proliferated it.
  All over the world, they handed out these viruses.
  So that when it got released, they'd have plausible deniability.
  And then, Hong Kong's revolting.
  Taiwan's revolting.
  There's huge revolts.
  It was up to 7,000 every month, documented revolts in China.
  The people demanding freedom.
  Three million Muslims in death camps in China.
  Millions of Christians and Buddhists in them, saying no.
  So what do you do?
  You release the virus, and then you hype up every normal flu death, every normal pneumonia death, as the end of the world, you show the person dying, and you've got a virus that's been released that matches anybody that's had the flu, or a regular cold, or a bacterial infection, shows the same detritus.
  You set the test to be over 90% false positives, they're now confirming, not 30, not 60.
  And then everyone becomes suspect.
  And then China is the model through the UN of going and taking families, breaking them up, taking political dissidents, killing them, saying COVID killed them.
  And then you have the UN say, we've got to break up families, and suddenly Quebec City starts doing it.
  Under a Republican trader, Ohio starts doing it.
  Australia starts doing it.
  Spain starts doing it.
  And now, today, InfoWars.com.
  Houston, they're doing door-to-door blood draws at random homes, and he says we're gonna pressure people to do it, says the Democrat mayor.
  I told you, it started two weeks ago in Hawaii.
  Checkpoints demanding swabs, and if they think they can intimidate you, it's medical workers with police.
  Blood.
  And the cops go along with this, they think it's good.
  And then almost all of these are false positives.
  Now they have the contact tracers, phase two, and they come and take you and disappear you.
  That's the politic we'll cover for disappearing you.
  And soon as I saw this morning, my wife showed it to me at like 7 a.m., we're eating breakfast.
  I went search engine and found out in California, in Michigan, in New York, and in Democrat-controlled cities like Miami, hundreds of hits came up.
  They're already coming door-to-door with police saying, we're here for your blood test, and people are so intimidated they're giving the blood.
  I told you two weeks ago the blood testing would start by fall.
  We're not even there yet.
  It's a program.
  It's a beta-tested system in countries that are more authoritarian, where the public has already submitted.
  And so Thomas Jefferson was once asked, what is the limit of tyranny we will accept?
  What is the limit of tyranny that tyrants will bring us?
  And he said, whatever you'll put up with is the limit.
  That's where we are.
  That's what's going on.
  That's what's unfolding.
  Right now.
  So.
  I've talked about the motive, just part of it.
  I've talked about who's behind it.
  I've talked about why they did it.
  And I've talked about where this is going.
  When we come back, though, I have two stacks here that are conservatively 100 articles.
  And you have to understand, these are AP.
  These are Reuters.
  These are Newsweek.
  These are New Scientist.
  These are the Journal of Nature.
  These are the
  CDC.
  Now, you're like, well, why are they telling the truth?
  This is five years ago when there was still some freedom of press and scientists were morally upset and concerned about what was going on.
  And then we've got the new articles about what's happening, but it's all admitted.
  So when Tucker asked her, well, why aren't other scientists saying this?
  They've got the science to know.
  She goes, oh, well, because they're afraid.
  They actually went public.
  No one picked it up.
  And Facebook and Twitter and all, and Google blocked it because they're in league with the Chai Comps.
  I'll give you the key when we come back.
  As dark as things are, we are entering the good times.
  The global awakening.
  But as the tyrants discover it, things are gonna get rough.
  Okay, if you just joined us, let me give you the synopsis of the last 45 minutes of the show here on this live September 16th, Wednesday transmission.
  Communist China, working with the United Nations, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, and Big Pharma, which are the most ruthless, corrupt corporations out there, biologically created COVID-19
  As an economic killing system to bring in the global social credit score and the technocracy in their own words now, they admit it's bringing in the technocracy and the global social credit score.
  And you've had scientists in India and Australia and the United States and Germany and all over the world come out and scan the virus, COVID-19, and say it's man-made five different viruses.
  And now you've got a Chinese scientist whistleblower from Hong Kong
  Dr. Li Ming-Yan has put out a 200-page report detailing what's in all these other scientific reports.
  I'm about to show you that it was made at Wuhan for a reason to shut down Hong Kong and Taiwan freedom movements, but to be used in the West to shut down our economy, make China win the trade war, and discredit Donald Trump, which you've now seen them all attempt to do.
  We told you seven months ago that was the game plan.
  And the White House now gets it.
  And the White House now knows it was Infowars, and it was Gateway Pundit, and it was Zero Hedge.
  We were the trifecta.
  I mean, I personally, seven months ago, pled with Tucker Carlson with these links, with this information.
  And so now you see what's happening, because they've gambled with this bioweapon that they can blame on America.
  But it comes from them.
  But they've got the whole big tech system defending China because big tech was in on it with them.
  Because it's one big combine.
  What's the Washington Post headline?
  G.G.
  Ping must destroy Trump to save America.
  These are globalist collaborators.
  They know what they've done.
  They are cornered rats.
  Cornered animals.
  And if America learns that Communist China, with collaborators that hate America, launched this attack and there's total proof, it's over for their party.
  They're not a political party.
  They are like the Nazi Party.
  They are a criminal group that tried to overthrow the country and may still do it.
  And now you know why they commit so many crimes, and why they're burning down the West Coast, and why they're trying to send in pedophiles with drag queen story time to brainwash our kids.
  Because it's an overthrow.
  All that stuff's illegal in China.
  They don't put up with that, but they do it here because China owns much of Netflix and of the six big Hollywood production studios.
  Four.
  And our debt.
  We were maneuvered by Obama and by the Bushes and by the globalists to collapse and to be done.
  But two minutes to midnight, in comes Trump, in comes patriots in our intelligence networks that say no to the globalists with the American people.
  And that's what the American people organically have done.
  And so the number one thing is to get out that it's a man-made virus, that China launched it with their cohorts.
  Bill Gates went on TV, we'll play it next hour.
  Just last night he said, don't trust Trump, don't take his vaccine, but don't question that my vaccine could hurt you, and you need to take my vaccine.
  When they admit it's his vaccine that's hurting people, and it has the Trojan horse, Trump's coming out with a placebo vaccine, which he knows will make people not be under their fear anymore, and have the general public wake up and say no to the globalists, and that's how he got
  Kamala Harris and Joe Biden and Nancy Pelosi and Bill Gates and all of them that come out and say, don't take the vaccine and now they're all anti-vaxxers.
  Trump does that.
  I do not engage in Machiavellian activity.
  I can analyze it.
  I see it.
  And Trump is using the ring of Mordor.
  He's using the one ring.
  It's very dangerous.
  I'm just telling you, he did it.
  I was told by Trump he was going to do it with the gun stuff.
  He said, just trust me.
  And they came out and said, we want to ban every gun.
  He said, tell me what you want.
  We'll look at doing it.
  I support you.
  Let's get, let's take the guns.
  They went, we want to ban every gun.
  I mean, these people, the thing is, globalists aren't even three dimensional folks.
  They're like one or two dimensional, but we laid down to them.
  So they just keep attacking.
  They don't think a couple steps ahead.
  They're not even playing chess folks.
  They're playing checkers.
  The danger of using political black magic is it becomes addictive.
  And I refuse to be part of it.
  Trump is, overall, 99% a guy that doesn't use darkness, but, you know, coming out saying, yeah, let's take the vaccine when he knows it won't protect you, when he knows it's a fake virus, when he knows it's a synthetic bioweapon that's meant to make you guilty, so all of us get it, and so all of us are guilty.
  So it can be tracked, so it can be traced, so it can be disappeared in the middle of the night.
  That's the admitted U.N.
  rollout that the head of the U.N.
  emergency response wrote the plan and said we need our partners in Melbourne.
  We need our partners in London.
  We need our partners in San Francisco.
  We need our partners in Ohio to start arresting people and taking them to secret facilities.
  Quebec City.
  And they're doing it!
  And now Houston says, we're coming to your house with contact tracers to take your blood.
  And we're going to pressure you to do it.
  He said that!
  That's on Infowars.com.
  So again, it's about power.
  So let's start going over the documents here.
  And there's so many of these.
  And then I'm gonna get into Bill Gates and his flip-flopping and his floundering and all the rest of it.
  But let's right now get into this.
  An act of war.
  Top scientist whistleblowers confirm China purposely released COVID-19.
  This is Newsweek.
  Dr. Fauci back controversial Wuhan lab with U.S.
  dollars for risky coronavirus research.
  Into the very COVID-19.
  Now the... I forgot that document.
  The IMF came out.
  And said two years ago they were funding COVID-19 research, which supposedly didn't exist until eight months ago.
  Again, here's a big boil-down article, InfoWars was right, MSM finally admits COVID-19 came from Wuhan Biolab.
  Here's Summit.News, Chinese lab that studies world's most dangerous pathogens is based in Wuhan.
  That is again from, what, March.
  And all of these have the proof
  Creator of U.S.
  Bioweapons Act says coronavirus is a biological warfare weapon.
  February 4th, 2020.
  InfoWars.com.
  Coronavirus contains HIV insertions, stoking fears over artificially created bioweapon.
  InfoWars.com.
  Zero Hedge.
  Bioweapons expert delivers urgent measures to trump a coronavirus outbreak on Infowars.
  February 7th, laying out all of it.
  Dr. Boyle.
  Coronavirus Chinese espionage behind Wuhan bioweapon.
  Released on purpose to destabilize the world.
  Give them cover for Hong Kong takeover.
  Fake news.
  Told you distrusting China over coronavirus was dangerous.
  Remember?
  Iranian general.
  Coronavirus man-made bioweapon.
  March 5th.
  Bioweapons expert.
  Who is in on bioware for weaponization of coronavirus?
  The U.N.
  was involved weaponizing it with Bill Gates, author of the World Bioweapons Treaties.
  White House asked scientists to investigate a coronavirus as a bioweapon.
  February 7th.
  Smoking gun.
  China bought weaponized Wuhan virus from U.S.
  from Obama.
  2015.
  That's February 19th.
  Full transcript of smoking gun bombshell interview.
  Professor Francis Boyle exposes bioweapons origins of the COVID-19 coronavirus.
  Infowars.com, February 21st.
  Bioweapons whistleblower blacklisted for exposing death of science programs.
  Scientist discovers HIV-like mutation which makes coronavirus extremely infectious.
  It's not about killing you, it's about infecting you, and then it does something later, it mutates.
  That's why you can't escape it unless you fortify your body.
  You're going to get it.
  That's why you better fortify your immune system.
  Oh, it's got a little special thing it's carrying.
  The real umbrella corps, Wuhan Ultra Biohazard Lab, was studying the world's most dangerous pathogens.
  Zero Hedge.
  Here's the Indian University with the scan of the virus, showing where it had the inserted HIV delivery system.
  Sources believe coronavirus outbreak originated in Wuhan lab as part of China's efforts to compete with the U.S.
  Fox News.
  And this comes out in May and April, after we all reported that was in April as well.
  Inside the Chinese lab poised to study the world's most dangerous pathogens.
  Nature.com.
  And that is from 2017, three years ago.
  Suspect in custody, hours after standoff.
  Sorry, that was mixed into the stack.
  Let's just continue here.
  Creator of Bioweapons Act says coronavirus is a biological weapon.
  And it goes on and on.
  You can read it all.
  Coronavirus, bioweapon, how China stole coronavirus from Canada and weaponized it.
  University of Texas being investigated over ties with Wuhan Biolab.
  UK ministers no longer discounting theory of COVID-19 leak from Wuhan lab, April 6th.
  My point is this is all known.
  There's Italian TV 2016 in the Wuhan lab where they say we're developing chimera viruses and giggling about it.
  It's all public!
  I'm going to come back in the next hour with where we go with this, but this is political dynamite to destroy those that did it.
  You get it out that China launched this against us with traitors in our own media and our own system.
  They're done.
  Or you let them control what they launched, be the saviors, put us under martial law and take all our rights.
  It's us or them.
  Expose them.
  They're behind it.
  CNN, MSNBC, they're all guilty.
  They're enemies.
  This is going to come down to a fight over how many people are awake and how many aren't.
  They're going to contest the election.
  They're going to say Trump lost.
  They're super pissed that I'm on air.
  I want them shut down.
  I want them silenced.
  I want them muted.
  I think they are horrible for our society.
  You kept us on air.
  We did the analysis first.
  It's now gone mainstream.
  We continue to be the epicenter.
  And what they've said directly to us is you continue to be the epicenter of our plans not going the way we want.
  You need to stop right now.
  And they're very, very serious.
  Well, I'm not signing on with a bunch of devil-worshipping child molesters.
  This is not gonna happen.
  So, they are moving now to destroy me.
  I used to say, support InfoWars, rescue InfoWars.
  Save yourself, save the world.
  We're in this together.
  Because let me tell you something.
  Communism's up here.
  Infowars is the dam blocking it, which is all of us together supporting.
  And you and I are all down here with our families.
  My children are right here!
  But I need money to fight a war!
  And I need word of mouth!
  And I need prayer!
  And I need action!
  Because that dam's gonna come down!
  Trump's told you, hell's coming!
  The wheels of his Mustang exploding on the highway like a slug from a 45.
  True death.
  A concrete fascination.
  Screaming to the edge of nothing.
  You know, you can soup up those Shelby Mustangs at 400 horsepower, but you got to try 900.
  Slam that in second gear when you're already going 60.
  Spin the tires at 60 miles an hour.
  That's a Dodge Super Hellcat.
  One of my few indulgences.
  I'll tell you, man.
  It's like having a beautiful woman just waiting right in the room next to you that just loves you.
  Think about everything God's given us.
  We have all this planet and all these fun things to do, and all of our friends and family, and then we have a brain to produce something like a 900 horsepower Dodge Hellcat that goes 300 miles an hour.
  The car would take off before you ever got up to that.
  My gosh, it's unbelievable.
  We got a special guest joining us, I'll tell you about when we get to him.
  And a big warning to everybody, that's coming up.
  Now if the guest leaves at the bottom of the hour, I'm going to try to do a short recap for those that didn't have a whole hour to tune in, where I laid out just the total proof the Democrats were in league with the shy comms and launched the bio attack and all the fear to shut down our economy and blame America and conquer us through fear.
  This is such an epic story and the wheels have come off and big tech is trying to censor this like their lives depend on it because it does.
  But I gotta tell you, one of our crew members, Darren McBreen, put together a very good compilation of them saying, you know, first, do wear masks, don't wear masks, and now they're so upset that Trump's not wearing masks.
  That's just more leadership from Trump.
  Here's the report.
  We've all been told, physically distance, wash your hands, and wear masks.
  Masks are important.
  Wear the mask.
  Masks must be worn.
  Not wearing face masks during the pandemic isn't an option.
  Not wearing a mask is not okay.
  I'm choosing not to do it.
  Wearing a mask is now cool.
  I believe it's cool.
  The mask has become a symbol of fear.
  Mask Wars is heating up.
  The president now chastising a reporter for choosing to keep his on.
  I couldn't hear you.
  Can you take it off because I cannot hear you.
  I'll just speak louder, sir.
  You want to be politically correct.
  Go ahead.
  No sir, I just want to wear the mask.
  The president again in front of the mostly mask-free crowd.
  You can see all the people walking out and I don't see anybody wearing masks.
  Many of those attendees not wearing masks.
  The CDC places this event in the highest risk category.
  We've pretty consistently found that people who are protesting masks during this time, once you really start talking to them, they don't really care about police brutality and they don't really care about oppression of minorities.
  There doesn't seem to be any social distancing and not a lot of care when it comes to the coronavirus.
  Because there's no COVID.
  It's a fake pandemic created to destroy the United States of America.
  Are the people there just not worried about it, Cal?
  Are they not worried about their own personal safety?
  I haven't met anybody who is.
  But you can see, here, it's a threat.
  Nobody's wearing them.
  Including the cameraman.
  There you go, including the cameraman.
  Is it time to mandate the wearing of masks across the country?
  I definitely long overdue for that.
  The science that says you must test, trace, treat, you must wear your mask, you must have sanitation.
  You call what the president did last night at this indoor rally with thousands of people, most if not many, not wearing masks, you call it negligent homicide.
  Why?
  Well that's what you call
  The actions of somebody who, through their negligence, causes the death of other people.
  We're talking about criminally negligent homicide.
  Jim, you have new information on the president's refusal over these few months to even wear a mask.
  No mask!
  No mask, no soup!
  These actions just fly in the face of what any, you know,
  Alright folks, we are now into hour number two.
  And when I tell you something seismic, I don't get up here on air and tell you something just to act like it's a big deal when it's not.
  Again, I'm Alex Jones, your host.
  Thanks for joining us here in the second hour.
  Communist China is deep in bed with the globalists.
  The globalists left in America put Mao Zedong in power in 49.
  China is a project of the big corporations and the globalists to have something to counter the American system of free market and family and wealth and a big middle class and an open society that the authoritarians can't compete with.
  If you go back to the British in 1775, 1776, it was in the front page of
  The major newspapers in London.
  The Times.
  I've seen copies of it at museums.
  About the American system.
  And if we let the colonies do what they want and not be under their control, everybody's going to want to move there and not be under our control.
  We won't have a monopoly.
  And once it became a country, they said, oh my God, the American system, we can't beat it.
  We need centralization.
  We need authoritarianism.
  And so Communist China is an autocratic, top-down, legalistic system.
  And that's what the big corporations have allied with.
  And so when you have top scientists, whistleblowers, from the WHO Virus Tracking Center in Hong Kong come out, like she did on Tucker Carlson last night, and it gets censored,
  By mainstream news, it is simply incredible.
  The article's up on InfoWars.com.
  Breaking Facebook censors took an interview with Chinese scientists reporting that China intentionally released Wuhan virus and that it's man-made.
  In the last hour, we just went over all of the evidence that it is man-made and why and what the motive is for all of it.
  So that's a big deal.
  And if we expose that the deep state working with China did this, and that China's open for business but we aren't, and the Democrats want to keep us shut down, it's game over for them.
  Their whole system is to get rid of the middle class, get rid of small businesses, get rid of families so that we're all slaves.
  That's their game plan.
  And that's why I believe in self-sufficiency.
  And I see multi-hundred percent increases in firearms ownership and guns sold out everywhere and people getting it.
  But just as important as guns is water filtration and food.
  And, of course, more important is a relationship with God.
  But I wanted to get Keith Bessemer, the president of My Patriot Supply on, that you can find their whole selection at the lowest prices at infowarestore.com.
  I wanted to get him on for this segment and the next, even though he's a busy guy, because I've got a big old folder here on food starvation and the fact that Wuhan virus isn't killing everybody.
  COVID-19's not killing everybody, but the lockdown is, and the chain reactions, and I had the owner of the company here a few days ago,
  And we were talking about this because I'm getting this from our vitamin and mineral suppliers, how things are breaking down and how we're trying to order stuff and we can't get it.
  And I've talked to people that I know that own furniture factories and stuff and they can't get the warehouses to ship it.
  And so it causes a depression here.
  It causes mass death in the third world.
  So yes, I'm trying to fund our operation.
  Selling things that I know are high quality and you need.
  I went out and got the best storable food company.
  I went out.
  And got folks that were delivered to you and back a few months ago when all the other companies were sold out and telling you they had it on hand, but they didn't.
  We told you no, it's six weeks for delivery and you got your high quality food.
  Well, now there's a calm before the storm, I believe, and it's one to two weeks to get it shipped to you.
  Now they've got the food for five factories, distribution centers.
  It's more than that now, because we're one of the distribution centers here in Austin, but you need to get your storable food in now and that funds the info war.
  So it's like a donation you give, but you get high quality.
  Food packed very well.
  High quality.
  A lot of it tastes like gourmet food.
  The rest of it tastes okay.
  Compared to other affordable food I've gotten, it's amazing.
  And the price, which is incredible, is I paid way more for stuff that isn't as good.
  So that's why they've gone from being a new company 14 years ago to being the top affordable food company in the U.S.
  because of quality, because of great service.
  And we really appreciate Keith Besser joining us in this segment and the next.
  But Keith, I've got...
  Literally, probably 40 articles here dealing with what's happening.
  People need to get this checkbox checked off of storable food.
  They need to do it now.
  So I haven't talked to you since you were on five, six months ago.
  I just appreciate you coming on today.
  Sorry I got you on late.
  What do you want to impart to folks about food and getting prepared right now?
  Because I know that you guys are about to have to go up in prices.
  I was talking to Matt.
  He's not sure.
  Two months, three months, the prices have already gone up so much.
  Matt was telling me you guys are basically selling food very close to cost right now.
  And so people better get their orders in right now.
  You said you've got 40 pages sitting in your folder there of what's happening with supply chains being thin and such.
  We have been working
  For about, what, eight months now?
  We have 120 different suppliers that help us put our food kits together.
  Water filtration products, too.
  And that's been a struggle each and every day because, you know, it's like whack-a-mole.
  Once you solve the problem of a potato shortage, which is the thing I think you and I talked about six months ago, you know, beef has been a constant problem.
  Then comes in bananas.
  Then comes in green beans.
  This is an everyday event because of all the disruption.
  You know, go in quarantine, stop your job, don't go to work, stop your life, crash an economy.
  This has just buckled the system where we have to struggle to get the raw materials to put together our long-term emergency food kits.
  Where we have to struggle to put together a quality water filtration product like the Alexa Pure Pro.
  You know, the filters and the water containers, the replacement parts, the stand, all of that.
  That's right.
  You even told me months ago, just stop promoting it.
  We can't even get them in.
  I mean, it's just a breakdown.
  Right, right.
  So, we got them in.
  We've worked hard.
  And as you said, there's a little lull right now.
  At one point in this peak, you know, we were seeing orders 100 times normal of what you would see in a day.
  It took us a while to work through that.
  The whole organization didn't stop.
  It worked weekends.
  It worked nights.
  We went to three shifts.
  We opened up two additional warehouses in Florida and Texas this year just to ship the product.
  We contacted and set up other food manufacturing plants.
  We've been non-stop working.
  We've caught up pretty much now to where you're seeing shipments in about one to two weeks.
  That's the low.
  But it's been picking up, Alex.
  It's been picking up the last couple of months.
  You know, now's the time to get those items you talk about each and every day.
  The food and the water, because that makes you self-reliant, and that's going to help you through whatever is coming up next.
  You know, natural disaster, political, social unrest, you name it.
  You know something's coming.
  The time's now to act.
  Well, here's the New York Times headline from September.
  The Other Way COVID Will Kill Hunger.
  No, it's not COVID, it's the lockdown that's causing the killing.
  All I know is whether Trump wins or loses, the depression they've triggered is going to get serious.
  And if we're already seeing serious recessionary and depressionary activities here, it's going to be really bad in the third world.
  It just seems like the most common sense thing to do is to get storable food.
  And you guys have got the best storable food out there.
  I think people should act right now so they get it in one to two weeks and not wait.
  Because I think with the civil unrest that's going to come with Trump, I think with whatever unfolds with that, I think we're going to see some really crazy stuff.
  Well, we've got it, Alex.
  And we're making it easy.
  Right now, we've got a special that's going to run for five days.
  So it's going to run through Monday, then it's going to end.
  And here's how you can save $100.
  And can you believe it?
  I'm saying save $100.
  By the way, I didn't even, we didn't talk before, because I was talking to Matt, couldn't do specials because he told me, he showed me the numbers.
  I mean, I'm making like 10%, he was making nothing.
  You've got a special?
  I didn't know you were going to do this special.
  Tell us about it.
  Certainly, certainly.
  We've been working with the suppliers to do this because everything's been selling basically for full price all year.
  We're going to do a special.
  By the way, that sounds like a gimmick.
  I swear on my children, I didn't know they were about to do a special.
  Because I really pushed Matt to do a special and he said he couldn't do it.
  So you're springing this on me right now.
  I'm giving it to you right now.
  $100 four-week emergency food kit.
  With all the stuff that you need.
  2,000 calories per day.
  It's going to cover you for 30 days.
  The stuff that fits on the shelf for up to 25 years.
  Ready for next week.
  Ready for next year.
  Ready for the next decade.
  Whatever's around the corner.
  It's preparewithalex.com.
  We're going to make this real simple.
  We're going to put the food in the water next to each other with two specials I want to tell you about right now.
  Preparewithalex.com.
  You go, you will get $100 off that four-week emergency food kit that's going to ship out sometime in the next week or two, so plenty of time before November.
  Okay, okay.
  Let me explain this.
  We'll come back.
  Now I get it.
  Here's what's happening.
  The Communist Chinese, I've got a stack of articles.
  I'll explain when we come back.
  Stay with us.
  All right, Alex Jones here, back live, broadcasting worldwide.
  And I want to just salute Keith Bessemer and the folks at MyPatriotSupply because they've been a sponsor for 13 years.
  They've been around 14 years.
  They immediately bought up some of the bigger, better companies.
  We immediately got good feedback.
  I didn't want a bunch of food sponsors.
  I wanted one good one I could trust.
  I got them.
  And so we sell their whole food line, InfoWareStore.com.
  Because of the Communist Chinese attacks on our servers, and where you've got to put in a little code to prove you're a human to get in, and the rest of it, just decimating the amount of folks that get in InfoWareStore.com to buy the books, the films, the water filtration, the supplements.
  I called them a few weeks ago, and I said, look, we're under this attack.
  Can you just set up a URL for us, and then we get a percentage of the sales we get?
  Because I've got to move into just not even having our websites anymore.
  I mean, we're under this level of attack.
  They weren't sure they could even do it in a month.
  Boom!
  I've been busy.
  The guy that normally handles this is out sick.
  So I'm on air to say, hey, we've got InfoWarsTore.com.
  They're about to have to raise prices, get the full list of MyPatriot supply.
  InfoWarsTore.com, go get a deal there.
  And Keith Bessemer, the president of MyPatriot, goes, oh, no, no.
  We got it done for you.
  And so a discount on top of everything at a special URL that leads you to a special page.
  $170 discount on something that's already the best price you're going to find.
  So again, I'm learning about this as you do.
  No excuse.
  Get prepared.
  And it funds the InfoWare.
  So Keith, you've got the floor here.
  Sorry I got you on late.
  Tell folks about the special that's running right now.
  This is unprecedented.
  You guys already have the lowest price for the quality of food you've got.
  That's well known in the industry.
  So I don't know.
  Thanks for launching this.
  I'm very excited.
  Tell folks about it.
  No, we're excited about it because it just got launched about an hour ago here.
  So the three things are the air, the food and the water.
  We talked about the food and the first time we've been able to run a sale or a special all year because we've worked so hard with the suppliers to get the $100 savings.
  That's exclusive right now with preparewithalex.com.
  Then there's the water.
  And this is just as important.
  You know, you only can live three days without water.
  This is a kit we've never offered before that could help support the InfoWar.
  And for your viewers, your listeners, Alex, it's the Alexa Pure Pro that you always hear about.
  And that always comes with one filter that filters up to 5,000 gallons.
  Well, we've kind of amped this up, just like that sports car you were talking about there 20 minutes ago, the Shelby and all.
  We've amped this baby up where you can put four filters into the Alexa Pure Pro.
  So this thing can flow
  With gravity, meaning no electricity, and purified, up to 20,000 gallons of water.
  Sits on a nice stand that comes included in this kit.
  You can put some of the water into a collapsible water storage container.
  And we've even given you replacement parts because, hey, you might need to be using this thing for weeks, months, years.
  You know, things wear out.
  We've got replacement parts in there.
  Today, on this site, preparewithalex.com, the Alexa Pure Pro Ultimate Kit,
  Is with $170 savings.
  So that's all sitting there as well.
  And then, of course, the Alexa Pure Breeze.
  I mean, what a mess with the air and all the problems, wildfires from the West Coast blowing all the way across the northern states.
  New York was showing pictures yesterday of it and such.
  You don't want to breathe that junk in your home.
  That's what the Alexa Pure Breeze is all about.
  It's an indoor air filtration unit.
  It has a true HEPA system inside, a four-stage process that helps
  I think so.
  It's fine.
  The guy that normally handles it is out sick, and he's wonderful.
  So it's exclusively at preparewithalex.com.
  I just wanted to start getting you on because I feel really good selling food that's high quality, that funds the InfoWard, so that way people are self-sufficient and prepared.
  But you've got great deals on air filtration, the best four-stage ion filter at the lowest price you're going to find, literally.
  You guys knocked it out of the park with that, but just like
  Top players, you just keep doing it.
  And then you've got the best water filtration with Lexapur.
  Water filtration, you've got the best three-month, six-month year supplies.
  Tell people again, one more time, Keith Bessemer, what they find at that special URL.
  Zinfowarrestore.com always has the best deals.
  It matches yours.
  You're in our back end.
  You drop shit from us.
  Great place to normally get it.
  But for five days, because I just asked you guys to help us because I said, I mean, I'll be honest, I said,
  They could shut our shopping carts down.
  They've taken a bunch of our bank accounts away.
  I haven't told listeners about this.
  We're under massive harassment.
  So I went to our partners, three or four of them, and I said, can you build websites and no longer have us sell it and you sell it and just pay us to stay on here?
  And so this is just us making the next move.
  And then they just did a big discount on top of it, even though there's not much profit there.
  I know I guess I'm locked into some type of funding, but this is very, very exciting.
  Preparewithalex.com.
  This is no doubt, Keith Bessemer, correct me if I'm wrong, the best deals anywhere that you, the largest manufacturer now of storable food and probably gravity-fed filters in these air... I know you're huge players in that.
  This is the best deal you're going to find ever.
  These are the best deals.
  All three of them sitting side by side.
  And the key is, they ship right now.
  We've got the inventory right now.
  Like I said, a little bit of a lull.
  One to two weeks.
  It's going to be sitting on your doorstep, shipping from one of our five warehouses nationwide.
  PrepareWithAlex.com.
  Okay, because I get it.
  This is a whole bunch of different stuff together.
  It takes four to five weeks.
  It takes longer.
  But correct, if people order just food, it's like one to two weeks, right?
  One to two weeks on the food here, but we're shipping some stuff even the same week, Alex.
  But, you know, that's how hard the team has worked over the last eight months.
  No, I understand.
  Under promise, over deliver.
  That's your philosophy.
  I really like it.
  Hey, we had less than a half a percent chargebacks.
  Our listeners got it.
  When you guys said it was six weeks, it was four weeks.
  When you said, hey, it's eight weeks, it was six weeks.
  And you guys have really caught up.
  You've really kicked butt.
  You're my choice.
  And I just, I really appreciate you guys because people don't know this, but it's true.
  I don't like telling people our backstory because the enemy will use it against us, but without my patriot, we would not have crossed the black line from the red to stay on air.
  So, you guys standing with us the last decade plus has been a game changer, and I really, really want to thank you, Keith Bessemer.
  Proud to do it, and proud to help Americans prepare for whatever's around the corner.
  We all know what's coming.
  Well, I was about to say, I just go off my gut.
  I look at all the economics.
  I look at the numbers.
  Clearly, whether Trump wins or loses, all hell's breaking loose.
  And the global shutdown is going to have ripple effects for years.
  I mean, I feel really good telling folks, you better get storable food now.
  That's good.
  That's what we do.
  We want people to be stocked up on the self-reliance.
  And that's the way that, you know, defend your personal liberties and then make sure, you know, you're set and staged for tomorrow.
  This is how you do it.
  I didn't work this out with you because I just begged you guys for help, and you just instantly took action.
  So you guys are on top of it.
  I'm not.
  About a third of our audience likes to order over the phone.
  Maybe get with us, or we'll add to preparewithalex.com a number.
  They say prepare with Alex to get that special $170 discount on those huge combos.
  I mean, is there a number there on the site, preparewithalex.com, or is there a number we can get out?
  There isn't, but we'll have our people put something up there, you know, within the next 5-10 minutes.
  Fantastic.
  All right, Keith.
  Join me again on Friday with an update on this, because again, you got it together out of sight here.
  I was blindsided by this.
  Thank you.
  Thank you so much, Keith.
  God bless you.
  You're very welcome.
  God bless.
  Yeah, we even had a few crew members, you know, here say, is our job over?
  You know, you're saying we barely can stay on air.
  I'm just being honest, okay?
  So, if we're all funded by the shopping cart, they took all our sponsors away, they've harassed everybody, and then they start shutting that down, yeah, we only have a few months of operating capital, I gotta be honest.
  You guys have come through, supplements you want, T-shirts you want, you've gotten it, that's pushed us with a few extra months of cushion, probably into next year.
  I don't wanna go into next year and shut down, so thank you, I don't like to sound weak, I'm not, I've been in a damn war for 26 years, and we've gone through hell and you've kept us in the fight, but those guys just, man, they just are Johnny on the spot, man.
  They just, boom!
  Faster than... They thought, oh, maybe a month from now we'll have it.
  They had it in days.
  Spineless from the start.
  Sucked into the part.
  Alright, here's the deal.
  We got Gary Franchi.
  Who does an amazing job with Next News Network, joining us next hour.
  To cover the election, all the gaffes, all the insanity, the race war garbage.
  And so much more, but...
  It's old news here that the coronavirus is man-made.
  It's old news that Bill Gates owns it with Fauci.
  It's old news they use it to shut down Hong Kong, but it's not old news.
  It's kind of like you're talking to your neighbor about Jesus and how Jesus changed your life when you were in a really bad place and how it opened up your whole world and you got all these incredible blessings once you found God.
  Your neighbor's not going to get it until they get the Holy Spirit.
  They're not going to get it until they get it.
  And so we sit here and go, hey, we already covered this.
  We already did that.
  We've got to remember that people are not up to speed yet.
  And we didn't used to be up to speed.
  And before we got the light, we should come in next segment with Hank Williams.
  I saw the light.
  Until you see the light, you don't see the light.
  So let's not be aggressive and arrogant and laugh at Antifa and the meth heads and the devil worshippers because those are people we lost.
  And listen, I'm not preaching at you.
  I'm the worst about laughing at them because they are just nasty, arrogant trash.
  But that's not them.
  It's the spirit that's inside of them that's eating them up.
  And I only talk about this from my perspective because it's the only way I can describe what I'm going through.
  I don't want to go me, me, me, and I think this, I think that.
  I've got to, like, try to describe something I'm thinking about as I see it.
  Because it's so complex, it's so big, and I'm like, well, I... Here's an example.
  When I talk about what the enemy's doing to us and what's been successful, they intensify it.
  But it's a catch-22.
  I want to come tell you, metaphysically, the enemy has artillery out five miles away, and these particular gunners have been accurate and have hurt us.
  So when we've been hurt, I want to tell you we've been hurt so we get help.
  But if we tell you we've been hurt, then that only intensifies the piranhas to attack.
  Does that make sense?
  So I'm sitting there talking to our main suppliers and I'm like, yeah, they're literally trying to shut us down.
  They're deplatforming us and taking our banking and everything.
  Can we partner with you and have you sell it now so that we at least know we have the money coming in?
  Because I wasn't good and didn't get a year extra money or whatever.
  I should have hoarded money.
  I should have been about the money because that's energy.
  That's a symbol of success and being able to continue to operate.
  It's like gas in the tank.
  And so when I had the guest on, we were just going to plug InfoWars today.
  I didn't even know they had a new site set up and ready to do that.
  They did it.
  And a discount to literally help us because they know we're under attack.
  And that's what this is all about.
  So let me try to explain this because this is so deep for me.
  The only way I can describe this is my own personal experience to you.
  Okay?
  I just mentioned the website preparewithalex.com.
  Preparewithalex.com to put gas in our tank and get you physical calorie gas in your tank so you're supported.
  It's metaphysical.
  Literal calories in your tank, money calories in our tank to keep the fight.
  I mean, it's all the same thing.
  You put in that symbol of money, you get something real back.
  You put in the symbol of money, you get the response back to the fight against the globalists.
  We are literally one machine together.
  We're all individuals, but we're spiritually joined.
  But let me just go back to what I'm trying to articulate because I try to articulate this and it's so important
  Every time I try to articulate it, I can't do it.
  I've got all this news I'm going to hit in the next segment, so stay with us.
  But I've got to get this off my chest, because I don't know how to say it.
  But it's like the secret so much, and when I try to say it, it's like that spiritual thing, you can't quantify it in words, and there's that frustration, and I was just about to say it and I lost it again.
  I just have to go with the basics and not try to give you the whole thing.
  I'm unable to say it.
  Let me just put it to you this way.
  We're in a total war.
  This is for everything.
  We're up against pure evil that literally wants to enslave us, humiliate us before they kill us.
  And so, I don't have all the answers about what you're supposed to do or how you're supposed to take action.
  You just better pray to God for discernment and you better get active.
  Because this is it.
  Thousands of years of satanic planning and the whole New World Order system is coming down to what happens right now.
  And the fact that Communist China has killed more of their people than the Russians under communism and the Nazis under fascism
  And Pol Pot and all the rest of it, and is just cloning everything, and genetically engineering, and just chimeras, and just bioweapons, and is just completely off the freakin' deep end.
  Human robots.
  And the Democrats in Hollywood aren't just wedded to it, they love it.
  They fetishize it.
  And their whole religion is about hating America because of that Christian ethos that threatens them.
  And to me, it is a frustrating thing where I was sitting there at like 5 a.m.
  with a cup of coffee this morning.
  I was just like, God, why do they, why do people join with this when it destroys their own temporal future?
  Going on vacation, having health care, having healthy kids, having a pool in your backyard, having a nice car that starts, having clothes!
  I mean, you're like pissing your whole purse right away for no reason!
  Because you love Satan!
  So there it is, you see.
  Thousands of years of fighting for basic human freedom, being flushed out of the toilet, for communist Chinese demons, and a bunch of Hollywood scum that we just easily brush aside.
  It is spiritual.
  Why would you give up your birthright?
  Why would you torch all these children?
  Why would you let child molesters swing from the damn chandeliers and piss on us?
  And it's because we were given everything and children rebel against their parents.
  And God's our Father.
  And that's all this is.
  And so, okay everybody, you're gonna beg for your mommy, they're gonna burn this country down, they're gonna rape you and your family, they're gonna gouge your eyeballs out.
  Just remember that.
  Because they're robots of Satan.
  And you're not standing up, has allowed this, and you allowed the innocent to be killed, and you allowed the defiling of the unborn and everybody else, and so now God is gonna pull out of the way and let these people literally have their way with you.
  And so I'll tell you, I cry for myself and my children.
  Because it's so stupid and it's so pathetic to know the road we've got to go down and to know the pain and the death we're going to face!
  Because we wouldn't reject the satanic bullies and all their little pimps and all their little minions!
  I mean, it's like such a choice, like, a bed of roses, freedom, beauty, love, the galaxy, eternal life!
  My God, you'll want to give up your physical body for the real eternal once you know it, but our technology will be so old, you'll be 600 years old and go, we now know there's a spirit, I give this body up!
  You're gonna get everything!
  Everything!
  God wants to give you the universe!
  Everything!
  And you shit all over it like it's a fucking joke, man!
  You Satanists piss all over it!
  Because you don't want to be given all of that.
  You don't want to join with that.
  You want to join with fake, false evil.
  And so that's it.
  I just cannot believe.
  But here's the thing.
  They're in a trance.
  They never touch God's face.
  It's up to us to bring God into the universe.
  God needs that electrical charge of free will to come into the universe.
  Look at the sacks of satanic garbage and pray every day and thank God you're not them.
  They have one desire, destroy the innocent.
  Well, God will tell us, I don't recognize you if we don't stand against him.
  Alright, I'm gonna come back and cover news, stay with us.
  I saw the light.
  Some people see the light.
  And they choose and refuse it.
  That's rejecting the Holy Spirit.
  That's the ultimate sin.
  The whole system is designed to get people to commit the ultimate sin.
  Don't commit the ultimate sin.
  Don't reject your birthright.
  You know, I've seen beyond this veil.
  I've seen what God's got in store with us.
  And it's a challenge, and it's next level, and it's amazing, and it's beautiful.
  It's everything you already know times a trillion.
  It's just... But can you handle it?
  You handle that much power, and you get tested again at the next level, and you get tested again, and tested again, and tested again.
  And God sends the people that failed back to test us.
  And that's how it works.
  That's the purity of free will.
  Satanists always say, your God is a sadist to put you through this.
  No, God gave us free will.
  And I've had children, and when you have a child, you're giving them life, and you're giving them death.
  You have a son, you have a daughter, you know they're gonna die someday, right?
  But you know their genetics lives on, their spirit lives on, so you've not committed a murder, you've committed an action of life, just as God did.
  We're not God, but we are made in the image of God.
  We experience what God experienced.
  But a much smaller scale.
  And that's called communion.
  Interfacing with God.
  Worshipping God means celebrating the interface.
  Communing.
  Being exhilarated.
  Being empowered.
  Powered up!
  Amazing!
  It's shameful when you're in a fallen state to even dial into God.
  These Satanists reject God and rebel against God.
  Let's get into the news.
  Why do you think they elected, last time I checked, 800 plus George Soros District Attorneys and County Attorneys, and he's got something like 15 or 16 that he got in.
  There's 20-something Senate Attorney Generals that are Democrat, but like 14, 15 are Soros.
  Woo!
  That's evil, baby!
  And they're only waging war against the police to intimidate police to go fully under their control.
  Oh, he don't want to get rid of the police.
  He wants the opposite of that.
  He wants a lot of police.
  Just his kind.
  Like when he was a young man, rounding them up, bringing them to the Gestapo.
  The Sturmstaffel.
  The armed SS.
  So, we got a lot of videos here breaking Milwaukee Trump supporter arrested for brandishing a gun at Black Lives Matter.
  And I'll be honest with you, they've got a George Soros District Attorney now in Austin.
  He says, anybody defends your home, you're going to jail.
  He's in the news saying it.
  But still, if I'm at my house, you come to my house, and you're threatening to burn my house down, I'm gonna have a shotgun, which is the right gun, so you don't kill your neighbors.
  The projectiles, you know, don't really have penetrating power past 200 yards.
  50 yards, not gonna shoot through your neighbor's wall and kill him?
  People are there saying, we're gonna burn your house down!
  Big Bad Wolf comes, says, Huff and Puff, I'm gonna blow your house down!
  So let me in.
  And so, he's seen with a shotgun, in his house, not even pointing it at him, and the police, like good little dutiful leftists,
  They came and arrested him.
  So they came to his house.
  He had a Trump train sign.
  He engaged the First Amendment.
  And man, when the cops came, they said, oh, you're on parole now, bitch.
  They don't want the police to exist, but they want you arrested.
  And the cops are already, in most areas, going, we'll take a knee to you.
  We'll get on our knees to you, and we'll arrest anybody, like the folks in Missouri, the McCluskeys.
  Kansas City, or was it St.
  Louis?
  St.
  Louis.
  They got arrested for saying, hey, we're gonna kill you!
  We're gonna burn your house down!
  And the guy leading it is a multi-time felon that tried to burn down the police station.
  But that's okay!
  A raving racist lunatic.
  They busted that blonde chick you see right there with cans of gasoline, setting stuff on fire.
  But there's no arson!
  Why, Facebook said so!
  And the Wuhan virus doesn't come from China?
  Why, Zuckerberg said so!
  And Zuckerberg just craves that control over you.
  So here's the video of a Milwaukee Trump supporter arrested for brandishing gun in his house behind a screen door.
  Shows him he's got a shotgun when they say we're coming to get you.
  Here it is.
  Everybody move your babies.
  Hey Pete!
  Yeah, y'all see him?
  Hey Pete, you're gonna have bigger problems, man.
  You see him?
  You're gonna have bigger problems, Pete.
  I would advise you to think twice.
  So they come to your house, he shows them a shotgun, doesn't even point at them.
  Then he goes to jail.
  I care about y'all, I don't want you to find out.
  You got some black, racist, KKK person.
  Imagine the KKK outside a black person's home with a mob of 300 white people and a black guy's got a shotgun.
  Then he'd be a hero!
  But the white devil's in there, doesn't point a shotgun, and he says, don't attack my house, because they're on video saying we're going to burn your house down.
  And the police come to grovel to Black Lives Soros matters.
  Never aim the shotgun at him.
  We know you're in charge of the police now.
  We get your plan.
  So there you go.
  The guy that tried to burn down the police station is now at his house.
  Threatening him, everything else, but he's not allowed to have a shotgun.
  And the police kissing the ass of the system.
  Kissing the ass of Soros.
  You know, I'll say this.
  The police, I don't think are bad people on average.
  But they're just people.
  And they're just like the general public.
  They will put themselves in harm's way of guns.
  Because that's socially acceptable.
  But when it comes to putting themselves in political's harm way, the average police officer will take our guns, the average police officer will take our kids if they don't take a COVID vaccine, or they'll replace them.
  And that's the plan.
  Get rid of people that'll do their job and follow the Constitution and bring in bad people.
  And I've got so many videos of this around the country.
  Milwaukee felon and indicted firebomber at a police station leads it to the house, Vaughn L. Myers.
  And when he called the police on him, they did it.
  But it gets worse.
  With violent crime on the rise in Minneapolis, city council asked, where are the police?
  And complained after they got the police defunded.
  And there's all these other videos of people randomly shooting police at roadside stops, and the media celebrating, saying, well, the officer deserves to die.
  And you know why the officers deserve to die?
  Because they don't call out the media as their enemy, and the globalists as their enemy.
  They keep trying to appease the media.
  Not the officer that got killed, but the politicians above them.
  They're all a bunch of cowards that keep thinking if we just appease, like the Melbourne Police Chief, he said, listen, we had 20,000 Black Lives Matter out.
  We can't stop their protests.
  We're just going to come to your house and say you can't go on Facebook and say you're against the mask.
  Because you're law-abiding.
  They told you.
  They said, you kiss our ass, so we're going to abuse you.
  So instead of protecting the good people, you go out and protect all the criminals, and then that green lights the criminals to go crazy.
  So I don't blame the police.
  There are people that just signed up for this.
  They're in a psychological warfare system now.
  And the system knows what it's doing.
  And it knows how to manipulate things.
  And it's going to get a lot worse before it gets better.
  Alright, we're going to start the next hour.
  Gary Franchi's coming up.
  The next News Network.
  And so much more.
  We're going to cover the waterfront.
  The coup plots against President Trump.
  That they're admitting Kamala Harris saying she's going to be the president in the Harris administration.
  It's all coming up in hour number three.
  I'm Alex Jones.
  Stay with us.
  This is going to come down to a fight over how many people are awake and how many aren't.
  They're going to contest the election.
  They're going to say Trump lost.
  They're super pissed that I'm on air.
  I want them shut down.
  I want them silenced.
  I want them muted.
  I think they are horrible for our society.
  You kept us on air.
  We did the analysis first.
  It's now gone mainstream.
  We continue to be the epicenter.
  And what they've said directly to us is you continue to be the epicenter of our plans not going the way we want.
  You need to stop right now.
  And they're very, very serious.
  Well, I'm not signing on with a bunch of devil-worshipping child molesters.
  This is not going to happen.
  So, they are moving now to destroy me.
  I used to say, support InfoWars, rescue InfoWars.
  Save yourself, save the world.
  We're in this together.
  Because let me tell you something.
  Communism's up here.
  Infowars is the dam blocking it, which is all of us together supporting.
  And you and I are all down here with our families.
  My children are right here!
  But I need money to fight a war!
  And I need word of mouth!
  And I need prayer!
  And I need action!
  Because that dam's gonna come down!
  Trump's told you, hell's coming!
  What happened to Matt Drudge?
  Did Drudge sell DrudgeReport.com or did he sell out his principles?
  That's a question that's been raging in conservative circles for months and was highlighted back in July by Tucker Carlson.
  If you've seen the Drudge Report recently, you know that it has changed dramatically, 180 degrees.
  Matt Drudge is now firmly a man of the progressive left.
  At times, his site is indistinguishable from the Daily Beast or any other woke propaganda outlet posing as a news company.
  But the question remains, what happened to Matt Drudge?
  Now you think that with the tumultuous news cycle we've seen over the past few months, and the fact that this is presidential election season, Drudge's site traffic would be through the roof.
  No, it's actually cratered.
  In August 2019, Drudge was pulling in over 100 million readers.
  In August 2020, despite the news cycle being far more intense, he pulled in just 63 million readers.
  That's a 40% decline in the space of just 12 months.
  On one day last week, Drudge did 25 million views, when the website used to routinely top 35 to 40 million a day.
  As the True Pundit website notes, Drudge, even if he is still running the site himself at this point, remains uninterested in slowing the bleeding.
  And the site isn't just bleeding out, it's hemorrhaging.
  What's responsible for this catastrophic collapse in traffic?
  Well, the Drudge report
  Just isn't the Drudge Report anymore.
  And for that reason, he's lost a huge chunk of his loyal core audience, Trump supporters.
  After the execution of a Trump supporter in Portland by an Antifa extremist, Drudge chose to title the story with the headline, Protesters Trump Supporters Clash in Portland.
  Joseph Curl, who used to run the Drudge Report with Drudge, responded on Twitter, quote, Drudge just wants more turmoil, doesn't give a sh** about America, make bank dude, but have some
  Some effing principles you once did.
  Many cited Drudge's prioritizing of the bottom line as an explanation for his support for Barack Obama in the 2008 presidential election.
  And despite what happened to the country in the aftermath of Obama's election, Drudge's traffic and ad revenue continued to explode.
  So if Drudge is only concerned about clicks and ad revenue, why is he presiding over an editorial stance that's responsible for a catastrophic collapse in clicks and ad revenue?
  I personally met Drudge years ago for dinner.
  He was very courteous and humble, but obviously fortified by his success and the courage of his convictions.
  Drudge is famously obsessed with privacy, and on the night he paid for everything in cash.
  So you think he'd be the one guy who would be up in arms about how coronavirus is being exploited by governments across the world to build a technocratic surveillance grid modelled on China's onerous social credit score?
  Track and trace, drone surveillance, medical martial law.
  That kind of statist hellscape would have enraged the famously libertarian drudge that we knew and loved.
  From a few years ago.
  And yet, in many ways, his website has become more hysterical and alarmist about COVID-19 than even the likes of CNN and MSNBC.
  Coronavirus lockdown laws are also the most blatant affront to libertarian principles in the modern era.
  So why would arch-libertarian Drudge vehemently support them?
  The Drudge Report is also now basically a megaphone for Trump's biggest critics.
  Every time a new anti-Trump grifter is about to publish a book, Drudge turns over half of his front page to them.
  Why?
  What happened?
  The question remains, is Drudge even running his own website anymore?
  Or did he sell it?
  Not according to a National Pulse interview with an individual called Cain, founder of competitor website Citizen Freedom.
  Okay, so let's talk about what's going on here.
  You know, Matt Drudge really helped get Trump elected.
  And I don't know what happened between Matt Drudge and Trump.
  And, you know, Drudge really helped Infowars.
  And I like Matt Drudge.
  I've had dinner with him, just like Paul has.
  But I got a call from a former White House chief advisor to let me know two years ago that Drudge has been bought by CNN and that Drudge is going to come out against Trump.
  And I sent Drudge an email and I said, is this true?
  No response back.
  But, I mean, it does look like Brian Stelter runs it.
  And look, what did Trump do to piss Drudge off like this?
  I don't know.
  I mean, it's hard to get mad at Drudge when he really was instrumental in getting Trump elected and then, like, doing this.
  It's just crazy to me.
  Has Drudge been kidnapped?
  Is Drudge, like Jimmy Hoffa, fed to the fishes?
  Does he cement shoes?
  He's been walled up in concrete in the Hoover Dam?
  We don't know.
  We need to hear from Matt Drudge.
  Matt Drudge needs to speak out and be seen.
  Is Matt Drudge even alive?
  We need proof of life of Matt Drudge.
  Matt Drudge may be dead.
  I'm serious.
  Whether that's at all likely seems like an option.
  Black Lives Matter.
  It's a ruse.
  R-U-S-E.
  If Black Lives Matter, then why don't we do something about what is happening?
  Blacks on Blacks.
  Killing Blacks.
  In places like Chicago, Detroit, Baltimore, Washington, D.C.
  It's an endless list that won't be missed.
  So, the bottom line here is that it's about divide, confusion, chaos, and conquer.
  What we're watching here is insanity, and particularly the deep state Democrats and their seditious, despicable, lying media are fanning the flames.
  I urge all of my brothers and sisters, don't go for the ghost.
  Okay, don't be duped, hoodwinked, bamboozled, okay?
  Understand that we are in this struggle as patriots, as U.S.
  citizens, together.
  What we have on our side is we have each other.
  Each other.
  And that's extremely powerful.
  And that's something that the media, the deep state Democrats, and the rhino Republicans
  I don't know.
  This is our republic.
  This is all about fun and games and hurting people and destroying, not building, not serving the people, body and soul, but the exact opposite.
  So I plead with, implore with, to all my brothers and sisters of all colors, get a grip on reality.
  Stop this madness.
  Stop this insanity.
  And those who won't stop it need to be stopped.
  We are drugged out!
  We are following other people's opinions!
  We are controlled by the media.
  Today, it all changes.
  This reality has been forced upon us.
  It is a choice, just like when I said slavery is a choice.
  Einstein says the death of insanity is doing the same thing, expecting a different result.
  So we keep on saying, I hate you, I hate you, f*** you, f*** you, f*** you.
  How are we going to get a different result out of hate?
  Why don't we just try love?
  We have the resource required.
  Sometimes you need some crazy mother f***ers to change something.
  Steve Jobs is crazy.
  Now we all on Steve Jobs' phones.
  They say Trump's crazy.
  They say I'm crazy.
  But I'm here to show love.
  It's a bigger plan and I'm just doing what the universe told me.
  Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God.
  It's Alex Jones.
  Well, we got a real badass with us for the next 50 minutes.
  He's Gary Franchi, who I've known for about 17 years, who showed me around Chicago.
  We had a huge event with over 1,000 attendees, exposing 9-11 and the inside job.
  Not saying radical Islam doesn't exist, but exposing the globalists working with it.
  And he's got his amazing Next News Network for many years, reaches millions of people a day.
  And he is not a coward.
  He is a patriot.
  He's a father.
  And he's a husband and he is an amazing person.
  And so we're very, very honored to have Gary Franchi at Gary Franchi on Twitter, the Next News Network with us, filmmaker, broadcaster, you name it.
  God bless you, brother.
  Good to have you here with us.
  Thanks for taking the time out.
  Alex, it's always a pleasure to join you on the InfoWars channel and continue the fight that we have to restore this country.
  You know, I got a lot of questions, a lot of topical stuff, and a lot of crazy clips to play, but let me just ask, and you've got your big Bogoyevich information, all the rest of it, but what drew you to the truth?
  And thinking back all those years ago we met, seeing things now, isn't it kind of twilight zone?
  Just what is your view about where the world is today?
  It all started for me, I mean, my foundation is in Christ, my foundation is in the Bible and God, so everything I do, I believe, is measured through the steps that He has determined for me and He's protected me through this walk.
  So, having a firm understanding of
  The Bible and the principles of Jesus, as well as the prophecies that were written, that gave me the foundation I needed to look forward and try.
  You know, the Lord asked us, He commanded us to watch and to look and to know the signs of the seasons of His return.
  So that led me to seek out what those signs are.
  And when you start to look into the biblical elements of things, and the talk of the Bible, of the globalization, and that led me into the New World Order.
  What exactly is that?
  How did that begin?
  And you start to get into all these groups, like the Bilderberg Group, the Club of Rome, and you start to dive really deep into all these organizations, and you learn that what we are seeing on television, the politicians that are
  We're good.
  American exceptionalism.
  He's bringing back the America First policy and he's taking that power back from Satan, from the globalists, and that's why they're stopping at nothing to try to remove him from office.
  When I look across the landscape now, I've never seen anything like what we're witnessing now, Alex.
  You and I have
  Oh, Houston is going to go door-to-door and demand blood samples from people now.
  Yeah, I mean, these are all the things that you and I and many others have talked about for many years and it's all coming to a point, and I believe it's because the globalists are so threatened because their agenda has been completely thrown off.
  That they have to accelerate everything and they're using every excuse in the book to try to remove President Trump from office.
  Whether it's the Russia collusion hoax, whether it's Ukrainian interference or whatever excuse they want to use.
  I totally agree with you.
  You've been a Christian, I've been a Christian, but it gets stronger.
  People now get it's a good versus evil thing.
  And I was really close to God when Trump was first coming around five years ago.
  Way more dialed in by then.
  And it was like a demand.
  You're going to support this guy.
  And Christians feel that.
  It doesn't mean he's perfect.
  The Spirit tells us to support Trump.
  And you can really see that now.
  And the enemy knows it.
  Yeah, we are in a spiritual war.
  That is absolutely true.
  It's good versus evil.
  It's not left versus right.
  I mean, sometimes these different forces manifest in those areas, but the reality is... So what was your spiritual issue for Trump, and what did you feel?
  Because you weren't some naive guy that just backs politicians like me.
  But Trump was very strong.
  It's like, you need to back this.
  Well, for me, it took a little bit of coaxing initially because, you know, I started I was in the Ron Paul camp for many, many years.
  I ran a super PAC supporting the congressman in his 2012 bid.
  So looking at the landscape in 2016, you know, my my natural inclination was to move towards Rand Paul.
  And when I started to see that he didn't he wasn't getting the traction, I just I wasn't
  Genuinely connected with Rand.
  But it was sort of like, OK, Ron, Rand.
  Well, then what happens next is I start to see the policies and the positions that Donald Trump was presenting.
  And I said, he's going to rewrite the trade deals.
  He's going to bring jobs back to America.
  He's going to do all these things.
  I mean, even talking about tariffs.
  I'm like, this is great stuff.
  And I jumped on board with him, especially because he was a businessman.
  Well, that was my next point, is how vindicating is all these peace deals now and pulling the troops out.
  Totally pissed off the military-industrial complex.
  Yeah, the peace deals are an interesting facet that have just started, and I'm starting to understand them.
  It's happening so fast.
  The election cycle moves so fast.
  The news cycle moves so fast.
  But, you know, taking it back to the prophecy aspect, you know, there's a peace treaty that's supposed to be signed with Israel, and I find that to be kind of interesting.
  I'm not saying that Donald Trump is the Antichrist by any means, but I do believe that we have to make sure we watch the signs.
  And this could be the very, these could be the steps, the next steps,
  Towards something like that, an Antichrist-type figure, which is supposed to arise out of Europe, and then, you know, maybe he will be the one to confirm the covenant.
  No, no, you're right.
  This is definitely biblical stuff.
  Gary Franchi, stay there.
  We know the Satanists are scared of Trump.
  Gary Franchi, at Gary Franchi, on Twitter and the Next News Network on YouTube with a million subscribers.
  And hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds, billions of views on the aggregate.
  Gary, you are laying it out today.
  We got so many temporal things to talk about, things that are unfolding, you know, here on this planet.
  But what do you make of the founder of Black Lives Matter saying, I'm not just a Marxist, I'm an occultist and I want murder?
  She said, I want death to empower our ritual.
  They're talking about police and the execution of police all over the country.
  Where do you think this is all going?
  Well, I recently did a report where there was a series of Black Lives Matter rioters marching through the streets screaming, F your Jesus.
  You know, they're revealing their true intentions every single day.
  And this takes us back to what we were talking about in the previous segment, the good versus evil.
  This is a spiritual war that we're fighting and they are using the most evil tactics
  To execute their endgame, and that is the destabilization of this country.
  It's a Marxist revolution that's occurring in this nation right now, and we have to treat it as such.
  President Trump, Attorney General Barr, they need to sweep in, they need to get these individuals, and they need to be held to account.
  They need to be charged with treason or sedition.
  You know, tomorrow there's an event at the White House.
  The siege of the White House is being conducted by a Canadian group
  So, we have some very serious issues that are happening in this country that need to be addressed with extreme force.
  Exactly.
  You and I are both against a police state, and that means a globalist, communist police state trying to overthrow our due process.
  Because they spin and go, oh, Roger Stone came on the show and said, no, they're the ones saying they want martial law.
  They're the ones that are saying they want to burn America.
  We're not the ones starting it.
  We're the ones trying to put the fire out.
  So when they start the police state fascist fire, we're the ones putting it out.
  Yeah, you make a really good point because this is something that I've struggled with for some time.
  Like, why would I be advocating for the use of extreme law enforcement measures to go and take out these agitators, these rioters, these people who are trying to overthrow this country?
  Because you and I have been against the police state and against the militarization of our police, but now we have an insurrection in this nation that is threatening the foundation of our country.
  And we need to use the tools in the toolbox to take these people out and hold them accountable.
  Let's quantify that.
  The left wanted control of law enforcement and the military.
  They were, we're going to go after constitutionalists, we're going to arrest everybody.
  We had to say that's wrong.
  Police heard us, got educated, and now the UN knows they're the number one enemy.
  So we won the fight getting the military and police to be awake, and now the globalists are making them the number one enemy because they stand between us and these communists.
  That's true.
  I mean, you have the military.
  I remember years ago that there was talk about the military who would side with the Constitution, who would stand with the American people, and now they're doing so.
  But that's why they're under threat.
  That's why they're marching in the street.
  They're literally ambushing and assassinating police in the streets.
  So, there's a massive awakening taking place in law enforcement.
  They are
  Embracing the Constitution.
  Some aren't even following through with some of the laws that have to be executed.
  But you know what?
  We're going to continue to support them.
  No, I was about to say, Gary, you're a smart guy.
  What does this awakening mean?
  Because you're right.
  The military and police were already great people.
  They're really awake now.
  That's why the commies are throwing a fit right now.
  I believe these are death throes we're seeing.
  This is, like I mentioned in the last segment,
  The globalists are so terrified.
  They are so terrified that their agenda is unraveling.
  See, for so many administrations, you have, even starting with Reagan, okay?
  Everyone likes to hold up Reagan, but he actually initiated some of those early trade deals that brought us into NAFTA.
  Okay, so you have to look at the big picture.
  This goes back many, many, many administrations that the globalists have been working to sell out this country.
  President Trump steps in and undoes everything that they have been working towards.
  So they are so, oh Alex, they are so freaked out by this that I'm afraid that once the election comes through and President Trump wins,
  I mean, I believe it's going to be a landslide, but they're going to have massive election fraud.
  Oh, that was my next question.
  What do you think they're going to do when they lose?
  Because all the numbers show that.
  They're going to throw a giant fit.
  They've got the Soros group.
  What's it called?
  Election transition group run by Soros.
  It's going to challenge it.
  Yeah, I think what we're going to see when President Trump wins is going to be tenfold what we're seeing now on the streets of America.
  You're going to see gasoline poured on the fire of BLM and Antifa.
  They're going to work to destabilize this country even more.
  Kamala Harris even said, oh, we're going to keep doing this even after the election.
  You know, and they're encouraging, they are literally encouraging people to go out in the street and to attack
  Politicians attack police.
  And we're the Democrats.
  They're saying nothing.
  They're not disavowing it.
  They won't even say BLM or Antifa by name.
  So that makes them complicit in this.
  And I think that they should be held to account.
  I mean, we have Pelosi.
  We have Nancy Pelosi, Alex, saying that we have domestic enemies in the White House at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
  There's got to be something done about that.
  And Nancy Pelosi, I mean, she is a seditious character holding her own office.
  I agree with you.
  What comes out of this when Trump wins, though?
  I mean, the Democrats are a destroyed party.
  They're not an American party.
  They think the country shouldn't even exist.
  We need a two-party system.
  What happens to the Democrats?
  Oh, I think they'll regroup.
  I think that they might even go harder left.
  I mean, they're already Marxist.
  Maybe they'll just officially make that happen.
  You have Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, you have Ilhan Omar, you have these radical factions within the Democrat Party that will only continue to grow and completely co-opt it.
  If you recall, remember Alex Tea Party?
  Okay, you had the establishment Republicans back then.
  And all of a sudden you had the Ron Paul revolution, and then you had the Tea Party movement, and then the Tea Party movement became this, the Liberty Caucus, and we saw this, the manifestation of that
  Patriot movement going into the Republican Party.
  What you're seeing on the other side now is the exact same thing.
  You have the extreme, extreme Marxist-left communists, and they are moving themselves slowly into Congress.
  And they are going to continue to co-opt the Democrat Party, much like we have with the Liberty Movement, the Constitutionalists, who are on the right side of history, who are taking over the Republican Party.
  Gary Francis, you just said that beautifully.
  The Republican Party was corrupt, globalist, out of control.
  We the populist, over a long 10 plus years, took it over, got Trump in.
  We're winning.
  They now admit it's the party of Trump, party of Americana.
  It's not right wing or left wing.
  It's populist, free market, common sense, very pragmatic.
  Democrats aren't being reformed by a populist movement.
  That would only make them viable.
  They're becoming a pure communist movement.
  I mean, and so now it's going to be the patriots versus the communists.
  You know, it's almost like Civil War level stuff we're talking about here.
  I mean, we're seeing, I mean, you have open warfare on the streets of America right now.
  You have groups going after Antifa fighting in the streets.
  I mean, you remember some of that footage out of Portland when you had the Proud Boys fighting?
  I mean, I've never seen anything like this before.
  I mean, I remember when Bush was in office.
  And I find it interesting that it's always when a Republican is in office that you have all these marches in the streets.
  OK, that was commonplace.
  You had the MoveOn.org and those types of groups marching in the streets.
  But they didn't turn into what we're seeing now with open
  Destruction, open writing, burning, looting?
  Gary Franchi of Next News Network.
  Stay there, that's my question.
  You're a smart guy.
  What comes next?
  If Trump wins, Democrats win.
  What comes next?
  We'll also look at Kamala Harris coming out and saying it's a Harris administration and Biden agrees and Trump says, wow, that's just crazy.
  We'll talk about the election and more with Gary Franchi on this live September 16th, Wednesday.
  Transmission, visit his site, Next News Network on YouTube and Gary Franchi on Twitter.
  We are back live.
  Gary Franchi is our guest.
  I'm Alex Jones, your host.
  Coming up in the fourth hour, we've got something special for you.
  We'll tell you about that.
  Gary, we have headlines here that are on Infowars.com.
  Lockdowns make a permanently scarred labor market.
  They've got a big Bloomberg article.
  60% of businesses that shut down are permanently closed.
  We've got breaking Facebook sensors.
  Took a Carlson interview with a Chinese scientist who worked at the UN monitoring system.
  They knew it was man-made.
  I don't just believe her.
  All these big universities scanned the virus and said it was man-made.
  This is incredible.
  And you see big tech battling to cover up where COVID-19 came from, defending communist China.
  Why do you think that's happening?
  Well, first of all, the virus has been used as an excuse for amplifying the police state in this country by destroying, to destroy the businesses in this country.
  Okay, there's a lot to unpack here.
  Because this has been going on since, of course, you know, the first of the year when we started to see people falling in the streets in China.
  It was a terrifying New Year.
  I remember watching some of the clips on my phone as we're trying to to ring in the New Year.
  And then all of a sudden.
  It starts to spread.
  How did this happen?
  How do we get here?
  Well, first of all, President Trump, one of one of his greatest accomplishments
  Yeah, exactly!
  In order for the globalists and the Democrats and the leftists and the communists to destroy President Trump, they need to take his most prized possession, and that is the economy that he prides himself on building.
  So how do they do that?
  Well, they couldn't unseat President Trump through all the different excuses.
  So by destroying the economy, by allowing a virus to come into this country, and then by amplifying it, amplifying the fear, amplifying the completely incorrect statistics, by amplifying all that, they were able to push it down to the state level.
  Trump was smart in doing this.
  He says, let the states decide.
  Let the states decide.
  That's what our Constitution provides for.
  So, by putting it back on the states, as you see, the Democrat states are all still locked down.
  I mean, businesses can hardly even function, and they're even rolling back some of these lockdowns and taking it back, even though the numbers, when the CDC revises the numbers, Alex, and says, oh, by the way,
  Yeah, it was actually only 6% of people who officially died.
  Oh, absolutely.
  It's their power grab.
  So let me ask you this, Gary Franchi.
  What are they going to do as it becomes clear it's nothing but a power grab?
  And is everyone, I mean, Ben Shapiro, Joe Rogan, everyone I know in California is leaving for Texas or Tennessee or other areas.
  I mean, to the left only has power over itself, but they're cutting their nose off despite their face.
  Well, I think that you're going to see the mass exodus of all these people.
  My state of Illinois, people are leaving in droves and they're actually leaving the state before we had all these lockdowns.
  I think it's going to have a negative impact on the actual states themselves.
  Governor Pritzker, you know, the Governor Newsom of California.
  I think the people who do decide to stay are going to push back because they realize what's happening.
  They realize they're being lied to.
  And I think it's I think that these people will be voted out of office eventually.
  Because of their policies.
  If you ask why Democrats are so arrogant and don't care, I mean, you look at Newsom, like, blaming him on climate change.
  They've caught all these arsonists.
  He looks like he just won the lottery.
  He looks so happy.
  Since when do you go to a burning downtown and, like, smile like you just had a newborn child?
  I mean, it's bizarre behavior.
  Yeah, no, I'm looking at the video you have on screen.
  It's bizarre.
  He looks like the Joker, you know, from that movie.
  No, I agree, because if I showed up at a funeral and acted like that, I'd probably get my ass kicked.
  I mean, but they all do it.
  They act like the most, it's all inappropriate.
  It's like Bill Gates reads the cards like, the economy will never come back, millions will starve to death, civilizational collapse, and Gates starts smiling and getting excited.
  Like, what the hell is wrong with these people?
  Yeah, I remember when he said, oh yeah, by the way, there's going to be some side effects and, you know, people are going to die, but, you know, we still got to push forward with this.
  He goes, trust me, but don't trust the CDC.
  Exactly, exactly.
  And now you have the CDC and the World Health Organization working hand-in-hand with Big Tech to silence any second opinion.
  Now Alex, if you get sick, if you get cancer, what's the first thing you do?
  Second opinion.
  You go and get a second opinion, right?
  So America needs a second opinion, and what we're trying to do is provide that by interviewing different doctors.
  So you're right, we're seeing the outlawing of consumer comments and second opinions.
  I interviewed Dr. Rashid Buttar.
  I interviewed Dr. Shiva Iyadora.
  These individuals came out very early on and they declared that we had a man-made virus that was in China that
  They are now censoring.
  Okay, we had a video completely removed from YouTube.
  7 million views it got.
  And then we started interviewing other people and then, like dominoes, the video started being removed from YouTube because it went against the World Health Organization.
  Okay, so what happens when we have President Trump?
  He comes out and he makes a statement.
  He is the commander-in-chief of this nation.
  Okay, he's over the CDC, but yet you have the big tech organizations who are siding with a globalist organization like the World Health Organization.
  And that's terrifying.
  No, you're right.
  I have harped on that.
  Like, just yesterday they came out.
  And they said, we're not going to allow this group of scientists, we're not going to allow them to say anything, we're not going to allow even the CDC, they're even censoring the CDC when they come out and say things.
  The Hoover Institute, Stanford University came out, did an interview saying they way overblew the numbers, and that you only need zinc and things, and the UN ordered it banned on YouTube.
  I mean, we're under UN control right now.
  It's Orwellian.
  These are the things that we have warned about for so many years, and we're seeing it unfold right before our very eyes.
  Things just disappearing down that memory hole that you've always talked about.
  Like, for example, Tucker Carlson, you mentioned that Facebook is now censoring this interview that he did with the Chinese whistleblower.
  That whistleblower only confirmed exactly what the guests that I've had on my program have stated about the
  About the man-made origins of the virus.
  And she's on record working at the WHO Hong Kong Main Global Viral Scanning Center.
  I mean, she was there.
  She's a huge, huge whistleblower.
  But you can't let her reveal these truths because it will go against the narrative that they're trying to push, which is to destabilize the country using COVID and to lock down individuals to get them acclimated to wearing masks, to get them acclimated to bowing down to the authority of these health organizations so that they can destroy the economy even further, and the end game
  Yes.
  Thankfully, you are out there.
  We have other people like myself continually, continually battling and pushing back against these narratives and waking up the American people every single day.
  And that's my message.
  We have to keep this fight up.
  That's my message, is that it's a close battle.
  And so Gary, I'm going to call you out.
  As an amazing patriot, because I know for a fact you could have greased the skids, gone along with the system.
  You'd be right up there where a lot of other big, giant podcasters are.
  You're still very successful, but I know you're not afraid to talk about the real topic.
  So you're the archetype.
  It's not about kissing your ass.
  It's about recognizing it, folks.
  This is the future right here.
  All of us together, knowing we're telling the truth, not caring what's going to happen, doing the right thing, believing in God, believing in justice, and telling the truth.
  Because I know you've gone through a lot of censorship and a lot of attacks for telling the truth.
  And I know for you, it's like, well, that's who I am.
  I get it, Gary.
  That's who I am.
  That's who our listeners are.
  But we need to, at the same time, recognize that we're not all these globalist traitors.
  And you up here just unfiltered telling the truth.
  It's a beautiful thing.
  We want to break in 30 seconds, but how do people find your daily amazing show with your hosts and your guests?
  It's amazing.
  Just hit YouTube.
  YouTube.com slash Next News Network is the best way.
  If you try to search me on YouTube, you may have a difficulty finding me because of the algorithm and how they shift it all the time.
  So just go right to the channel directly.
  YouTube.com slash Next News Network.
  Follow me on Twitter as well, at Next News Network or at Gary Franchi.
  Well, I know for over 15 years you've been pounding on it every day, and that's the real sign of resistance, folks, is the dedication, the long march, and we just love Gary Franci.
  Final segment with him straight ahead.
  John Rappaport, the investigative journalist, is about to take over.
  Gary Franchi is our guest for another segment.
  And when I'm praising Gary Franchi of the Next News Network, it's because he gets demonized, he gets censored, you get censored, you get attacked too for supporting the truth.
  So we need to celebrate the truth and celebrate what's happening.
  In the 10 minutes we have left, my old friend,
  I've got 20 questions I could be asking you, but I know that you were involved with Rod Blagojevich, who we know is falsely in prison.
  Trump released him, and how they got so angry that you still had an event with the whole COVID thing, and now to see Trump ignoring it all, it's really breaking the back of this massively exaggerated scam, this con game.
  Doesn't mean it isn't a real virus, doesn't kill some people, but very, very weak virus comparatively, to see you call that bluff, that was amazing.
  Well, you know, Donald Trump gave the state of Illinois a wonderful gift when he commuted the sentence of Rod Blagojevich.
  And it was sort of a foregone conclusion in my mind that the GOP in Illinois would, you know, jump on that.
  Here you have President Trump who says, OK, we're going to let this guy out of prison.
  This guy, you know, one of the members of the corruption in Illinois, one of the people who continue to perpetuate it.
  Now he's free.
  He's reformed.
  And because of President Trump.
  I thought the Illinois GOP would take advantage of that because we have so much corruption here in the state.
  And they always talk about, oh, we got to get rid of this corruption.
  So I said to myself, well, let's have an event.
  Let's bring Rob Blagojevich on.
  Let's bring a friend of mine who's running for office.
  His name is Tom McCullough.
  He's a state senator.
  And let's have a fundraiser.
  Let's watch President Trump.
  Let's celebrate his nomination for the Republican Party presidential nomination.
  And we didn't realize exactly what was going to happen.
  Uh, but the Illinois GOP was very upset by this.
  And they put out a tweet condemning the event.
  They said, uh, it's a bad idea.
  But meanwhile, the grassroots around the state are actually, they are praising Tom.
  They are recognizing his leadership and participating in an event because we have the corruption in Illinois that needs to be put down.
  And Rob Lugojevich, I believe, is the mechanism to help us restore the state.
  Well, let's go back for folks that don't know.
  Obama and his handler are so scared of Rod Blagojevich because the corruption he was involved in didn't even look like it was even low-level.
  So getting Trump to pardon him means he'll expose the real corruption, right?
  Right.
  So the same actors who took out Blagojevich, we're talking about Comey, we're talking about Mueller, all these individuals, they used Blagojevich.
  He was sort of like their guinea pig, right?
  First, let's take out this governor and we'll go ahead and establish
  You know, that he's trying to sell a seat when, in fact, nothing was ever sold, there was no victim, there was no crime, and the only conversation that was caught on tape was discussing political horse trading, favors, you know, nothing monetary was ever discussed.
  Which, I mean, I'm not even defending, literally, that's just, that's not illegal, to say, okay, I'm politically helping you, what are you going to do for me?
  That's not a... Right.
  Anybody that doesn't think that goes on is insane.
  Right, so they basically prosecuted him for that, but that's when...
  Once Mueller and Comey and that whole team realized they could get away with something like that, they moved on to President Trump.
  He was the beta test.
  Take down a governor and we can move on.
  Yeah, and that's exactly what they did.
  President Trump then, of course, commuting the sentence.
  And now we have
  Rob Ligojevich, I'll actually be, he'll be here in my studio tomorrow.
  We're going to be talking with Tom as well regarding how, what are the practical next steps that we can take so that we can defeat corruption in the state of Illinois.
  But the corruption is just, like, Illinois is the center of the country.
  If we can defeat the corruption here, we can take that model and we can move it towards the rest of the country.
  But sir, let's expand on that.
  I mean, if you sit there and look at the Clintons getting $4 billion from foreign governments to sell us out, paper play in the emails, and you've got Obama and the Muslim Brotherhood and all this, all I'm saying is Blagojevich ought to point all that corruption out.
  Instead of somebody saying, hey, give me this seat, give us this vacant seat, you know, it's like, well, what do I get?
  I mean, you can say maybe it's a little seedy, but that's politics.
  He's not like saying, give me this cash and I'll vote this way.
  He's saying, I'm in control of the party.
  Give me something for political control.
  I mean, that's just crazy.
  I think that's why Trump pardoned him, is Trump realizes that.
  But what do you think Trump thought he would get out of that?
  Getting Mlugovic to expose the Clintons, right?
  Or the Obamas?
  I mean, I think that there's multiple layers to the reasoning.
  One was basically a jab back at Comey, a jab back at Mueller.
  Sure, the same group that had wrongfully tried to set up Trump.
  Trump's like, screw you.
  Yeah, so President Trump has the authority, so he's undoing a lot of those actions by that corrupt law.
  So why did they choose Blagojevich?
  Because he wasn't like Deepin on these guys, he was part of it.
  Why did they burn their own guy?
  Well, I think it was because Blagojevich wouldn't play ball.
  Blagojevich would not tithe to Madigan.
  Michael Madigan is the Speaker of the House in Illinois.
  He controls all the legislation.
  And if you don't tithe to him, as Blagojevich says, then you're not going to get any of your legislation passed.
  And that's what Pritzker's doing now.
  So he tried to have his own power.
  He tried to have his own power.
  Yeah.
  Blagojevich said, I'm not going to play ball.
  I'm not going to tithe to you.
  And I'm going to work for the people of Illinois.
  I'm not going to work for you, Michael Madigan.
  And of course, Madigan and Obama and Pritzker, they all had their own choice for who would be in that Senate seat.
  And because Blagojevich wasn't playing ball, wasn't going to pick their horse, they went after him.
  Well, sure.
  I mean, I remember watching the media celebrating, CNN celebrating, like, he's on the phone saying about give you a vacant seat.
  What do I get politically?
  That's just what goes on in politics, I mean.
  Yeah, well thankfully we have Mark Vargas who was instrumental in working with Patti Blagojevich to set the stage for the commutation, bringing it to Jared Kushner, putting it on the table in front of President Trump, but taking it back to the event that we hosted
  We need to use Lugojevich.
  He's reformed.
  We need to use the knowledge he has to chip away at the corruption in the state of Illinois.
  You know, we have our own swamp here.
  I totally agree.
  I mean, I'm just saying on a scale of one to ten, it's not even one half of one percent to say, OK, if I give you an open seat, what do I politically get for support?
  That's just normal talk versus selling us out of the Communist Chinese.
  I mean, that's like a ten.
  Yeah, exactly.
  Yeah.
  What Lugojevich did was
  Doesn't even compare to what we're seeing at the national level of the Democrat Party.
  I mean, Joe Biden and his son Hunter, the stuff they're doing with the billions of dollars in China, and then laundering all that money through the Ukraine.
  I mean, everything.
  It blows my mind when you really think about how corrupt these people are.
  That's my final statement is, they sit there and they openly say,
  It's Trump's fault, but China's behind it all.
  And then China publicly, Pelosi comes out and says, we do what China says.
  And then Biden says, oh, China should call every shot.
  And it's just like, why don't Americans choose for their own interest when clearly China's been set up to take all of our wealth away?
  Why don't Americans just get behind Trump?
  There's no brainer.
  Well, a lot of people are getting behind Trump.
  You have the silent majority is real, taking a look at all this.
  I mean, just boat parades every weekend with thousands of boats.
  Joe Biden, he can't get 10 cars in a parking lot in Las Vegas.
  That's right.
  Trump had 5,000 cars for Latinos for Trump in Miami.
  Biden couldn't get five cars.
  Yeah, so the support that you see for Biden is completely manufactured.
  It's fake, just like his use of the teleprompter, just like his use of an earbud.
  He's got people whispering in his ear.
  He's a scripted puppet candidate.
  That's why he's the perfect candidate for the establishment.
  No, I agree.
  So who is he a placeholder for, Hillary or Pelosi?
  I mean, are they going to put Kamala Harris as the president?
  She's already, as you know, calling herself the Kamala's, the Harris administration.
  Yeah, she said that.
  Freudian slip.
  She knows what's next because Biden cannot last, okay?
  He is rapidly decaying in front of the American public.
  He can't even string words together to make sentences.
  That's why they have to give him a teleprompter and an earbud.
  So, eventually, my fear, and I hope that it never happens, of course, that Biden does not get into office, but in the event that there is some massive voter fraud, and he does,
  Then he'll probably last maybe a year, his cognitive decline will accelerate, and then you'll all of a sudden have Kamala Harris installed as the president, and then the radical left agenda could just be pushed right into the wide open.
  Oh, I totally agree.
  Can you imagine the fight the Democratic Party over power?
  Oh, it'll be insane.
  It will be absolutely insane.
  And Kamala Harris, oh, she's a terrifying figure.
  Terrifying figure to consider.
  She is.
  She is totally empty soul.
  Gary Franci, you're amazing.
  Next News Network.
  Gary, thank you so much.
  Join us again soon.
  I hope so.
  I hope I can.
  I look forward to it, and I thank you for having me on, Alex.
  I thank you.
  I'll be watching your shows.
  I watch them all the time.
  All right, there goes Gary Franchi.
  Find him on Next News Network on YouTube and Twitter and support it and promote it.
  Who doesn't want to work with Gary and package an hour a day to put out for our satellites, for TV stations?
  That show needs to be seen on TV stage.
  We really appreciate Gary Franchi.
  All right.
  We've got coming up our next guest host, Jon Rappaport, then Owen Schroer in the War Room, and then we've got
  Dionne Lorraine doing the election countdown, 7 to 9 tonight.
  Only way that show reaches new people is you, but you're spreading the word.
  It's having a huge effect.
  Share the live links.
  Infowars.com forward slash show.
  And of course, please don't forget we got a big special going right now on the storable foods and all the supplements and things at Infowars.com.
  And as much as there are attacks on this operation, who knows how long we'll even be here.
  But so, go on Infowars t-shirt.
  Now might be the time to get it.
  All right.
  Thanks to the crew.
  Great job.
  Stay with us.
  This is going to come down to a fight over how many people are awake and how many aren't.
  They're going to contest the election.
  They're going to say Trump lost.
  They're super pissed that I'm on air.
  I want them shut down.
  I want them silenced.
  I want them muted.
  I think they are horrible for our society.
  You kept us on air.
  We did the analysis first.
  It's now gone mainstream.
  We continue to be the epicenter.
  And what they've said directly to us is you continue to be the epicenter of our plans not going the way we want.
  You need to stop right now.
  And they're very, very serious.
  Well, I'm not signing on with a bunch of devil-worshipping child molesters.
  It's not gonna happen.
  So, they are moving now to destroy me.
  I used to say, support InfoWars.
  Rescue InfoWars.
  Save yourself.
  Save the world.
  We're in this together.
  Because let me tell you something.
  Communism's up here.
  Infowars is the dam blocking it, which is all of us together supporting.
  And you and I are all down here with our families.
  My children are right here!
  But I need money to fight a war!
  And I need word of mouth!
  And I need prayer!
  And I need action!
  Because that dam's gonna come down!
  Trump's told you, hell's coming!
  Good afternoon, folks.
  John Rappaport here.
  Our weekly confab.
  Big stories today, very big stories.
  Let's start with yet another rally in the United States.
  Bandimere Speedway in Jefferson County, Colorado, of all places.
  Now, this is a place, as far as I can tell, the Speedway, Bandimere, that is actually owned by somebody.
  I mean, wow.
  A business that is owned by an identifiable human, not the government, not some ruling council, not a private-public partnership, not whatever, whatever, whatever, but a family business, Vandermeer Speedway.
  And from what I can gather, they had been negotiating with
  The authorities, the officials on, you know, going back to work here.
  But no, couldn't do it.
  Had to be shut down, et cetera, et cetera.
  We're talking about months of negotiation that went nowhere.
  And the owner appeared on the news and said, you know, finally, we were down to pleading and that didn't work.
  He said so.
  Enough is enough.
  This is what I like to hear.
  Enough is enough.
  So, they had a rally.
  And as far as I can tell, this was not a race with cars, etc.
  This was people showing up.
  A whole lot of people.
  Thousands of people.
  At the speedway.
  With flags.
  Smiling, no masks, sitting in the stands, walking around, showing that they too had enough, and they didn't like what was going on.
  Of course, then the news had to go to a public health official, and she was a little bit disturbed, and they were actually asking her, apparently,
  About what would be the difference between these people showing up at Band of Mirrors Speedway and some kind of a protest where people were not wearing masks?
  Could you have one allowed and not the other?
  Well, you know, it's a warning and whenever people gather and so on and so on and it could be dangerous and the virus and mumble jumble and PCR tests and transmission and testing tracing and I mean, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  And that was it.
  But nevertheless, the people showed up.
  A lot of people showed up.
  We need more.
  We need Berlin.
  There's the guy who owns it.
  We need Berlin.
  We need a million people in the streets.
  We need 460,000 bikers coming into Sturgis, South Dakota.
  Christy Noom, the Governor of South Dakota, of course, has not blocked down her state and never has, which makes her unique, a hero.
  Christy, Governor of South Dakota, hasn't blocked down.
  They're after her now.
  She's taking the heat.
  Oh, we have to do more testing.
  And as we do more testing, of course, we get more positive tests and blah, blah, blah.
  That means infection.
  That means disease.
  That means death.
  That means this.
  Doesn't mean anything of the kind whatsoever.
  Not even close.
  But this is what they're attacking her with.
  So my suggestion to her is if it gets too bad as we go to break here, Christy, just call back all the 460,000 bikers and they will show up.
  See you after the break.
  Don't go in.
  We're back.
  Okay, let's get to the gigantic legal stuff here.
  Been writing at NoMoreFakeNews about two cases.
  One in Pennsylvania, where a federal judge has just ruled that the lockdowns, the containment measures of the governor, Wolf, for the virus
  Are unconstitutional.
  Unconstitutional.
  Bang.
  Lawsuits had been filed.
  Months crawling through courts, not successful.
  I'm assuming they appealed the plaintiffs up higher and the federal judge has finally ruled that the containment measures are unconstitutional because they restrict freedom.
  Now what's great about this ruling is that the judge is saying and writing, there is no emergency so great that you can cancel the Constitution.
  There is no emergency that is so great that it permits you to cancel the Constitution and the rights
  Implied in the Constitution, which, of course, are derived from natural rights.
  So that was the decision.
  It was a major blow to the forces of evil.
  Judge William Stickman, the fourth.
  A major blow.
  Of course, the governor is saying, well,
  Of course, we're going to appeal.
  So this could go all the way to the Supreme Court.
  We'll see.
  The governor is trying to, oh, yes, well, we'll appeal and so on and so forth.
  No, it's not.
  Oh, yes, it's you've been smashed.
  Smashed.
  Now, it's up to the people of Pennsylvania.
  To parlay this into a major, major victory.
  By showing up.
  By going outside, by coming out into the open, by going back to work, by opening businesses, by taking off those friggin' masks, by being free as stated by the judge.
  You didn't need a judge to tell you that, but he did anyway.
  So it's up to the people of Pennsylvania, which is a divided state in terms of red and blue and so on and so forth.
  And what I'm hoping is, and if you have friends there or people you know, to spread the word and to encourage.
  Get out there.
  Open.
  Open wide.
  Gather.
  Gather in numbers.
  How can I emphasize this too strongly?
  I can't.
  Once we've got an opening, we've got to take it and make it happen and make it work.
  That liberty and freedom are not to be trampled.
  They're not to be toyed with and played with and used in some kind of perverted game.
  Oh, you see, the state of emergency
  Means that we must do the following things in order to protect everybody and ensure everybody's safety.
  And we're looking out for you.
  And so you have to look out for us.
  And it's all one big happy family.
  And we're all in this together.
  And that is all a crock designed to enslave.
  It's the nice version of slavery at first.
  So Stickmin has ruled, uh-uh, no good, cannot do, will never fly.
  This is not the way the Constitution works.
  Because, you see, if it did work that way, in other words, if a governor could say, well, we have a state of emergency and so we have to do the following things.
  You can't go outside, you can't open your businesses, you have to go bankrupt.
  You have to lose your money, you have to commit suicide, you have to become an alcoholic, etc., etc.
  You have to wear a mask, you can't have gatherings, you can't open churches, etc., etc., etc.
  If a governor, in other words, a lunatic criminal, can issue states of emergency like that, then the law means nothing.
  We're back in the era of kings and monarchs who issue edicts, and the Constitution is destroyed.
  And the foundation of law in this country, as originally set up and expanded, is also shut down and destroyed.
  Because then it's a whim.
  It's a glance.
  It's a let's do this.
  It's a this is what we can get away with.
  It's a let's enslave everybody.
  It's let's cook up.
  A fake emergency and then declare a state of emergency, etc., etc., etc.
  You see where that goes because you see what's happened to not only the country but the world on just this basis that I'm describing where arbitrarily governments declare these states of emergency and all of the restrictive measures that flow
  from those states.
  Declaration is the word.
  We declare.
  We announce.
  We enforce.
  We rule.
  We issue edicts.
  We command.
  We order.
  We look like we share and care.
  We look like we're just one of you people and, oh yes, and we really love you.
  And so on and so forth.
  But we're psychos.
  Hi, I'm a psycho.
  I'm a governor.
  I'm ordering you to lock down because we have a germ and you're going to obey.
  So I'm canceling the Constitution and the Bill of Rights and all the laws of the land and what the founders intended and what was expanded to mean
  We're going to shove all that away.
  And instead of that, we're going to have a collective, you see.
  And in this collective, you're all the cheese in the middle of the sandwich.
  And I, the governor, am ordering you to glob together and suffer.
  Because I decided that there's an emergency and I'm declaring a state of emergency.
  That's how this works.
  That's how you cancel freedom, to which the people must say no.
  And one avenue of recourse is legal.
  Yeah, I know how corrupt the system is.
  Yeah, I'm not naive.
  But we do have a foundation of law in this country and in other countries.
  And if you think that you can just cancel it because it doesn't matter, because it's applied so unevenly, and you would prefer living it back in the 13th century, have a go and see how you really like it.
  I don't think you will.
  What's happening here now is nothing compared to the way it was when the kings claimed they had the divine right to rule and therefore at their whim they could simply make an announcement on the spur of the moment to outlaw this and say you can't do that and you must show up here and you have to shut your mouth there.
  Etc.
  Or you'll be thrown in jail or executed, whatever.
  No.
  There is this thing called basic law.
  And this federal judge has just affirmed that in Pennsylvania and said that no emergency confirms canceling of the Constitution.
  We'll be back after the break.
  Stay with us here.
  We're back.
  Let me tell you about another legal case that's now in progress.
  This is a monster in Ohio.
  This is quite fantastic.
  This should have all your support.
  The lawyer is Tom Renz, R-E-N-Z.
  On behalf of plaintiffs, he's filed a suit against
  Governor DeWine and the state of Ohio, again, for their declared state of emergency and all the restrictive measures that flowed from it, the lockdowns, the closures of businesses, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
  Now, in his court filing, which I've read completely, about 96 pages, you see that this is a two-pronged attack.
  On all of the constitutional issues that I brought up in the last segment, absolutely yes, you bet.
  But also on the fact and science behind these states of emergency and the lockdowns.
  As in, fake science.
  As in, is this real?
  As in, if you're going to declare a state of emergency,
  You've got to justify it.
  I mean, come on.
  This is kindergarten stuff.
  In court, you've got to prove that you've got reasons for declaring the state of emergency and all of the restrictive measures.
  So what this now gets into is the virus, the PCR test, the
  Are the case numbers real?
  Are the death numbers real?
  What's the CDC actually doing?
  What's Fauci been doing and saying?
  Is this really a pandemic?
  Etc, etc, etc.
  All these issues of fact.
  Are now being raised in this Ohio court filing.
  By Tom Renz and his team against Governor DeWine and the state of Ohio, saying not only are you violating the Constitution and freedom, but also we are setting out to prove that on the science and the fact you have been misleading the public
  Enormously, which I've been writing about in a couple hundred articles for the past six months, on every single scientific issue having to do with a pandemic.
  And chapter and verse in this court filing of Tom Rents, you see all the questions being raised about the science.
  Now, what does this mean?
  Well, for one thing, it means that upon green light from the judge in the case, and this is big, pay attention, the discovery process would begin.
  What is discovery?
  Well, from Renz's side, for example,
  Who's filing on behalf of plaintiffs.
  What it means is that he can now subpoena witnesses and sit there with these witnesses under oath and question them, grill them in great detail about issues of fact and science.
  Again, the virus, the PCR tests, the antibody tests.
  How case numbers are really derived, how death numbers are really derived, how they're being fiddled and fixed and rigged and elevated to make it look like there is a pandemic, etc., etc., etc.
  All of these issues in discovery are now on the table.
  So imagine this, for example.
  He deposes Fauci, Birx, Redfield, other people at the CDC.
  This is recorded.
  Transcripts are available.
  As the discovery process proceeds, and of course it would be lengthy, whenever he wants to, meaning lawyer Renz,
  He can file with a court what has just happened in Discovery, which means it's public for everybody to read.
  Well, Dr. Fauci, on May 1st, you said the following and so forth about asymptomatic and so forth.
  But you see, on June 2nd, then you reversed this thing.
  Then you said in July and so forth and so on.
  That was another contradiction and so forth.
  Then you published a study saying this, so forth.
  So where do you actually stand?
  How are case numbers derived?
  Really?
  That's how case numbers are derived?
  What did you say about masks?
  Let's examine this because we have 13 studies in front of us, Dr. Fauci, some of which are published in medical journals that you praise as being authoritative that say masks are useless.
  And I want to read to you the finding of one of these studies and then ask you some questions about detail, getting down to the nitty gritty of the science and what has been put upon us
  By official experts and authorities and claimed to be science when it isn't whatsoever.
  All of this would be on the table during the discovery process which would go on before a trial ever took place.
  And this information would be made public step by step and blow by blow and witness by witness.
  And then, of course, if this goes to trial, lawyer Rents will be calling his own expert witnesses to the stand and having them testify at great length.
  So now we would be getting into the whole question of what is an expert and what is an authority and who is official.
  Because, of course, the psychological operation here on the public is to make people think that there are these officials, you see, who have the last word.
  Well, so-and-so said that the pandemic is really not that significant, but officials warn.
  Yeah, well, who are these people and why are they called officials?
  Well, this issue would be brought up at trial as well.
  All of this would be laid out on the table finally, once and for all, if this goes to trial, for the world to see.
  So this is a gigantic proposition that we're talking about here, this court filing in Ohio.
  And there is much more of this to come, which we will be reporting on here and in other places.
  Because it's vital and it will wake up people all over the world.
  Stay with us.
  We'll be back after the break.
  Now one more thing about the Ohio case that I was describing in the last segment.
  Lawyer Tom Renz on behalf of the plaintiffs wants a jury trial.
  This is a stroke of genius.
  In other words, he's saying
  We want citizens to be sitting on the jury.
  And we want them to hear at length.
  The testimony on the science and the facts as well as on the Constitution.
  On the fraud, essentially, I'm saying.
  Of this pandemic on all sorts of scientific vectors, some of which I've been describing here on the show in past weeks.
  He's saying, I want citizens to rule on this in the jury.
  He's saying citizens are capable of understanding this.
  This is not some arcane thing that only the experts can argue about in front of a judge in a quiet room.
  And then the judge decides.
  He's saying citizens can figure this out as well.
  And that's my experience over 35 years working as a reporter.
  When the explanation is clear and the details are there, you can go as complex as you want to and people will understand if they want to understand.
  They're there.
  Their intelligence is lurking sometimes below the surface, but when they're called upon and when they get, this is the most important thing, when they have the opportunity to become essentially investigators and researchers,
  And the door is open to them.
  All of a sudden, everything changes right away.
  Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.
  And I'll cite as an example, one that I've used here on the show before, and that was Senator Charles Key's investigation, citizen grand jury, so to speak, into the Oklahoma City bombing of 1995.
  He knew, and citizens in Oklahoma City and environs knew,
  That the whole explanation was a gigantic fraud.
  And so they set about to do a serious investigation, which had never been done by authorities.
  Chapter and verse, interviews, findings, and so on and so forth, and issued a comprehensive report that exposed this fraud.
  These people were quite capable, these private citizens, of engaging in this kind of investigation, just as they would be if you impaneled them as a jury and you sat them down and you said, OK, you're going to be listening to some very significant issues here.
  And you need to make a judgment and decide and listen to the witnesses and listen to the testimony.
  This is like representatives of the people will make that decision.
  Quite fantastic.
  Keep your eye on this trial in Ohio.
  That's all I can say in summary here.
  This case is major, major, major, major, major.
  All right.
  Another big story.
  Something bizarre.
  It's happening between Trump aides and the CDC.
  They're engaged in some kind of a wrestling match because Trump has appointed a few people to work at Health and Human Services, which is a cabinet post, to look into what the CDC is doing with the COVID-19 situation and how they're reporting cases and
  They're weekly reports and so on and so forth, etc, etc, etc.
  And lo and behold, these people and Michael Caputo, who's making some really incredible statements, are saying that this is a den of thieves at the CDC.
  And the CDC, of course, is firing back and that they're in a wrestling match.
  It's quite fantastic.
  Well, my take on this.
  Of course, which is the correct take.
  You can be sure of that.
  Is that this is a grand opportunity for us.
  Because this story is getting play every day in major media.
  Is to educate the Trump age on what's really happening at the CDC.
  About which they have little to no idea whatsoever.
  I'm talking about the litany of crime.
  of this rogue criminal agency that have been going on for decades and decades and decades, which would lead any rational person to conclude, if we couldn't trust the CDC in the 1950s and 60s, 70s, 80s, 90s, etc, etc, etc, how can we trust anything they say about COVID-19 now, such as how can we trust
  That their case numbers and death numbers are even, you know, even vaguely real whatsoever, or that the test is anything but fraudulent, etc., etc., etc.
  This could blow up into an explosive story if these Trump aides will just sit down and think about it for a few minutes.
  And so, right here, right now, I'm going to present them with an example.
  And I've got many, and I've published them before because I've been following the CDC as a reporter since 1987.
  And I've got a good list of their egregious crimes.
  So I'm going to give Trump aides, listen up you aides, I'm going to give you one right now, a beauty.
  In response to this wrestling match that you guys are engaged in with the CDC right now, one of the loyalists at the CDC and the defenders has said, they're attacking the MMWR.
  What is that?
  That is the Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report, where the CDC reports on how many cases of whatever disease are occurring, how many deaths, et cetera, et cetera.
  This is what they've been doing for a long time, the MMWR.
  And one researcher said, they're attacking the MMWR and this is the holy of holies.
  Medical professionals all over the world refer to the MMWR at the CDC as the greatest tool, you know, ever devised for tracking diseases and so on and so forth.
  The Sanctum Sanctorum!
  The Holy of Holies!
  Okay, you ready?
  Let me take you back to the summer of 2009 and a little thing called the swine flu.
  The CDC was using the MMWR to report cases of swine flu in America.
  How many cases?
  How many cases are there?
  And they were saying, there are thousands and thousands of cases of the pandemic, and this is very serious.
  Very, very, very, very, very, very serious.
  But guess what?
  Behind the scenes, they had actually, at the CDC, stopped counting cases at all in America.
  Stopped counting cases of the swine flu.
  And they weren't saying that in their weekly reports, the holy of holies.
  They were holding that little fact back.
  So on the one hand, Trump age, get this now, they were reporting to the American people in their press releases, there are thousands of cases of swine flu in America in the summer of 2009, but secretly they had stopped counting cases.
  Why?
  Why, why, why, why, why?
  Somebody found out.
  Somebody who worked as an investigative reporter at CBS at the time.
  And her name was Cheryl Atkison.
  And she was the star investigative reporter for CBS News.
  And she published an article about the why on the CBS News website.
  And she broke the big story.
  And it was a revelation.
  And it was quite fantastic when she described what the CDC was actually doing.
  And I will be back after the break to explain that to you, Trump aides.
  So listen up carefully.
  Okay.
  Trump aides, listen up.
  Summer of 2009.
  CDC.
  Claiming there are tens of thousands, whatever, thousands of cases of swine flu in America.
  But, secretly, they've stopped counting altogether.
  Why?
  Cheryl Atkison at CBS News finds out and she publishes an article on the CBS News website.
  And essentially, here's what's happening.
  Routinely,
  Test samples taken from most likely swine flu patients, many, many, many, many, are sent out to state labs for analysis.
  And overwhelmingly, behind the scenes, they're coming back, wait for it, with no sign of swine flu or any other kind of flu.
  The CDC knows this.
  They're not telling anybody.
  They're saying there are thousands of cases of swine flu in the United States, and of course, therefore, everybody has to get the vaccine, which ends up causing lots of damage around the world.
  Okay?
  So, Cheryl Atkinson publishes this piece on the CBS News website.
  I've interviewed her.
  Now, the next step is for this story to go boom!
  on CBS Evening Television News and affiliates of CBS Television News all around the country and therefore all around the world.
  Now it really blows up.
  But now, suddenly, at CBS, even after they've okayed her article that they published, they shut the whole thing down.
  Done.
  Finished.
  No more investigation.
  No more anything.
  No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
  Okay.
  And Trump aides listen up about the power of the CDC.
  No major news outlet anywhere in the world picks up on Atkinson's story and runs with it deeper into the rabbit hole.
  Blackout.
  So when I interviewed Atkinson and I said, you know, what happened?
  She said, well, almost no test samples from the most likely swine flu patients in the U.S.
  that were sent out to labs for analysis were coming back with signs of swine flu virus or any other kind of flu whatsoever.
  That was the CDC secret.
  Yet,
  They were still telling the public that there were thousands of cases of swine flu in America, and it was a very serious pandemic.
  It wasn't.
  It was a hoax.
  Plain and simple.
  As hard, perhaps, as it is for you to believe that, that's the truth.
  Verified.
  Nailed down.
  Okay?
  Not the end of the story, because about three weeks or so after Atkinson's piece was published on the CBS News website, WebMD published an article which I've cited and linked up on and so forth.
  The CDC, now sort of retrospectively looking back on the swine flu pandemic,
  is saying that at its peak, they estimate there were, wait for it, 22 million cases of swine flu in America.
  In other words, the CDC, having been caught in one gigantic lie, decide the only strategy is to double down and tell a far larger lie, which they do.
  Now, you Trump aides, you're there, wrestling now with the CDC, looking at this rogue criminal agency that has existed for decades and decades in America.
  You want to find where all the bodies are buried.
  I just gave you one.
  It's a gigantic, gigantic scandal.
  Goes back to 2009.
  It's not the only one.
  There are many more.
  Many more.
  For example, as you're recovering from the one I just gave you, look up how much the CDC spends every year buying vaccines.
  The dollar figure is enormous.
  Now consider this.
  The CDC is also tasked with doing studies to test the safety and efficacy of these vaccines.
  Do you see the conflict of interest there?
  Hmm?
  Hey?
  What?
  Do you believe that the CDC would ever announce
  That a vaccine which they have purchased in quantity is ineffective and dangerous under any conditions whatsoever?
  And yet, this agency is allowed to run free and both buy gigantic amounts of vaccine and decide on issues
  Doing studies for safety and efficacy of vaccines.
  This is a scandal that reaches the sky.
  If you can see it, if you can just turn off the radio stations in your mind and focus, you'll get the picture.
  This is an ongoing crime.
  This is
  institutionalized and intrinsic to the CDC that they have this ongoing conflict of interest.
  So, in the summer of 2014, and Trump aides listen up again, a longtime CDC researcher named William Thompson confessed publicly on his
  Whistleblower attorney Rick Morgan's website.
  Rick Morgan being a whistleblower lawyer out of Cincinnati.
  William Thompson, longtime researcher for the CDC, confessed that 10 years earlier, he and his high-level colleagues at the CDC, who co-authored a study on the MMR vaccine, committed gross fraud.
  Confessed!
  That's a felony!
  What did they do?
  They hid data, actually destroyed data, indicating that in very young African-American boys, the MMR vaccine was associated with a higher risk of autism.
  Boom!
  Bang!
  Thompson confessed to this.
  Long time researcher at the CDC.
  Media covered the story because they had to.
  And here's how they covered it.
  They pretended that it was no scandal.
  But of course it was.
  Thompson went on to say
  That he would not speak with the press, but he would cooperate with Congress if a hearing were convened.
  For years afterwards, Congressman Posey tried to put together a hearing in Congress at which longtime CDC researcher William Thompson would testify under oath
  But for some reason was never able to put that hearing together.
  Thompson was quietly transferred by the CDC to another division where he, as far as I know, is still working.
  Did work for a long time after that for sure.
  There's another scandal for you boys, Trump aides.
  Get down to it!
  You've got a media story that is big right now.
  You're wrestling with the CDC over COVID fraud.
  You're in the trenches.
  You don't know exactly where to go.
  I'm giving it to you on a silver platter.
  Scandal after scandal.
  Crime after crime.
  At a publicly funded taxpayer agency, the CDC.
  That's where you go into these crimes, and you make them public in a major, detailed way.
  That's what's happening.
  See you next time.
  John Rappaport here.
  Save InfoWars, save the Republic, save yourself.
  I literally have agonized over this the last few weeks, but I'll just tell you.
  We have everything we have in stock.
  A lot of it we can't even reorder.
  Everything's breaking down.
  The supply chain's breaking down.
  Everything's falling apart.
  We're under massive Chinese government hack attack right now, both sides.
  They're secure, but it slows them down.
  Costs us tons of money to fight it.
  This is a real war.
  So if you ever wanted an M4 Wars t-shirt, or you ever wanted to get an Alexa Pure Breeze, or you ever wanted to buy some of the supplements and see how they are and support us, now's the time, folks.
  You don't want to wait.
  This is Sudden Death, overtime, Super Bowl, but for the whole future, everybody.
  And with all their strategic attacks and the things that are going on, I need to get fuel on the gas tank.
  Let's say the fuel tank is on a tenth of a tank, and I've got to go 100 miles, and I've got enough gas to go 50 miles.
  Okay, so there's a lot of things I can do.
  I have to make decisions.
  And I've seen the big support last week, big support this week.
  That buys us the extra support we just got.
  Bought us maybe, in my gas tank, another three weeks.
  I need to sell everything.
  In fact, people only buy when it's massively discounted.
  There's not that much of markup.
  So then we sell a bunch of stuff, a bunch of money comes in, then there's not money to order the next group.
  And see, that's where I am.
  And I don't feel sorry for myself, because if Trump loses and they're going to put us in a depression anyway, it's just going to be so hellish.
  We're all going to enjoy it together.
  I feel sorry for everybody, man.
  I tried my best, you know what I mean?
  But I mean, it's bad.
  It's bad.
  And everybody I know in business and supply chains are breaking down.
  Anything that's service-oriented or furniture, tile, you know, silverware, stuff for your house, just everything.
  Food, supplements, medical supplies, drugs, it's all breaking down.
  It's just, we're under devastating attack.
  Save Info Wars.
  Save the Republic.
  Save yourself.
  Super special.
  Up to 60% off.
  Plus free shipping.
  All shirts.
  $17.76 plus free shipping.
  Be your last chance to get an Info Wars shirt from the source.
  8-pack Power Stack and Survival Shield X2.
  60% off and free shipping.
  That's almost at cost.
  Yeah.
  50% off DNA Force Plus with the organic re-sheet, CoQ10, PQQ, ELEV, ATP, Astragalus, and even more.
  You want to clean out your cells.
  You want to empower your body.
  You want to boost your immune system.
  DNA Force Plus, free shipping, 50% off, even though it's selling out and we're not going to have any more back.
  Maybe not even this year.
  It's supply chains are breaking down.
  You've got the highest quality organic ingredients and follow all the stuff and just don't cut corners.
  And I just said, so this is our, could be our last run.
  99% reviews.
  Check it out.
  It's all there.
  Free shipping.
  InfoWarsStore.com and as long as we can stay on air and just sell out all the products that will put us into next year and the big fight going on because they're gonna have an extended election, lockdown, civil unrest, burning cities, attempted assassinations, false flags to be blamed on patriots, yours truly, President Trump on you.
  It's about knowing what you funded and what you did and what you could do no matter what happens to us.
  We built this!
  We're on the ground.
  We see what's really going on.
  We're where the crops are grown, where the engines get fixed, where the diapers get changed, where the dinner gets cooked, where the house gets cleaned, where the cuts get stitched, where the fighting gets done, and the killing!
  Step into that office.
  This is where the living and the dying happens.
  This is where you come into the world, you go out of the world.
  This is where you live all the passions and go through the crises.
  This is where you get strong.
  This is what makes you who you are!
  Thank God that he put us here under this pressure so that we could experience this incredible reality that isn't a simulation, but it's real.
  InfoWars, the most banned network in the world.
  So everything InfoWars has done for 26 years, everything you've done in your life of being informed and being involved, is building towards this point, and this isn't a normal time.
  And I know you know that.
  And I salute you and I thank you.
  But when you call in thanking me for trying to self-preserve myself and you, we're in the same boat, brother.
  So I get it, I appreciate you just as much as you appreciate me, but I'm telling you, now is the time
  Because I need to know, I gotta decide the next week, with what we've got in our coffers, with only enough to operate, if I sold both my houses to pay for this place, it would not operate us for a month and a half.
  I don't, I'm not rich.
  I don't have all this money the media says I have, okay?
  Got a nice truck, a nice car, stuff like that.
  I got insurance for my kids.
  I'm doing well.
  I don't care.
  I don't need more.
  I'm happy.
  But if you go to InfoWareStore.com, you see the Support Us link over on the right-hand side.
  And if you click on that, you'll find the different websites and the donation page.
  Now there it is, Support Us.
  After you click on that, on the right-hand side, you need a four-stage ion filter.
  We have the best at the lowest price, because that's what I do!
  You have the best tourable food, highest quality you're going to get, unless you pay five times more.
  InfoWarsTore.com.
  The best prices.
  It's all there.
  But we've only got the ability to do business now.
  We're not going to have it much longer, if the enemy has their way.
  I'm telling you.
  I used to say, support InfoWars.
  Rescue InfoWars.
  Save yourself.
  Save the world.
  We're in this together.
  Because let me tell you something.
  Communism's up here.
  Infowars is the damn blocking it, which is all of us together supporting.
  And you and I are all down here with our families.
  My children are right here!
  With pedophiles and devil worshippers and forced inoculations and FEMA camps coming for us and war!
  If we don't fix this now, we're gonna have to fight.
  You know, I really need to repent.
  It's a sick part of me.
  I just hope it goes down.
  Ha
  Because all you devil worshippers and trash that have been pushing and pushing and pushing forever, you better hope you fail in your operation and you don't push us into the fire.
  Because I swear on the altar of God, you will pay.
  And quite frankly, I'm so alive right now.
  I'm so glad Soros and Bill Gates hate me.
  That's the greatest honor in my life.
  It's the greatest thing in my life next to my children.
  That I'm real, I'm all in, and you know me by my enemies, and I know our audience of activists.
  It's you they hate, because they don't have your will, they don't have your soul, they don't have your heart.
  They don't control your destiny!
  They sure as hell don't control mine!
  So we're trying to hold the dam against the Satanists and the armies of hell.
  We pray to Jesus Christ and our Heavenly Father to lead, guide, and direct us against this enemy!
  But I need money to fight a war!
  And I need word of mouth!
  And I need prayer!
  And I need action!
  Because that dam's gonna come down!
  That dam's already got holes in it.
  And the enemy's telling you, don't stick your fingers in it, don't block it, everything's fine.
  Peaches and cream are on the other side.
  No!
  You know it's not peaches and cream!
  Trump's told you, hell's coming!
  One way or another!
  Only question is, do we have a president in the middle of a fight against the new world order, or is it going to be us that does it?
  But we know we're not giving up!
  Get the money to us now so we can operate.
  Go to InfoWarsTore.com.
  You can also donate at InfoWarsTore.com in the Support Us section.