Nobody's saying the world is ended.
  You did say there, though, it could be the end of the world.
  No.
  Democracy will be ended.
  The world will continue to exist.
  The world was here before Hitler.
  The world was here after Hitler.
  That's what we're saying.
  No.
  The world will not end.
  The kind of world we have, the kind of country we have, we've got to decide how do we want to exist in this world.
  And that's what we're talking about.
  This hyperbole is not a part of what we are saying here.
  We're talking about what kind of country we have and what kind of... So you heard him deny he said it and they're all saying it's the end of the world and he went on in the full interview.
  I've got the transcript right here to say rising sea levels all the normal crap that he said previously.
  The ice caps are bigger, the sea levels didn't rise, it's all a lie.
  Rallying patriots worldwide in defense of human liberty.
  It's Alex Jones.
  InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's news.
  Today.
  Thank you for joining us on this eve of the election, live coverage, Monday, November 7th, 2022.
  We're going to have wide open phones throughout the four hours of this broadcast, ahead of Owen Schroer at 3 p.m.
  Central with more live coverage.
   And then tomorrow, we're going right through midnight, but the election won't be called
   in a lot of key battleground states because the Democrats say so.
   And the same fraud they engaged in two years ago, they are engaged in yet again.
   But massive landslides, huge red tsunamis can't overpower that.
   All the evidence shows, but it will still mitigate how big the populace victory is that
  we can't give up.
  That's how we continue to expose the fraud.
  Well, there's a lot to cover today, obviously.
  And Biden and other Democrats have come out again and said, yeah, we're getting rid of fossil fuels.
  We put together a little compilation of that.
  We're going to be playing a next segment.
  And energy is real currency.
  You cut food off, you cut oil off.
  Food is for humans.
  The oil is how we power our machines, the natural gas.
  You cut that off, you kill people.
  First you impoverish them, then you kill them when we're talking about the third world.
  These are real crimes against humanity, but how do you hide a crime against humanity?
  You couch it all that it's for the earth and actually save humanity.
   But before I get into all of that, I want you to know we're also going to drill into just the COVID news that's coming out from major governments.
  DHS is even reporting on the numbers with its workers getting sick from the shots.
  We have HHS, Health and Human Services, confirming the massive infertility and stillbirths and miscarriages.
  The exact same numbers we're seeing out of Europe.
  We're going to be getting into all of that bombshell information and we're going to be just taking a lot of your phone calls today.
  Because I want to give listeners a chance on the eve of this election and give me your take on the election and all these other big issues as well.
  But I hope you'll give me your take on the election.
  Now we've seen Democrats, deep state minions, running around saying Republicans are going to put you in a camp and they're going to kill your kids.
  Well, they're the ones setting up the COVID camps around to lock us down still and it's happening all over the world.
  And now the top House Democrat claims Republican midterms win could very well be the end of the world.
  We have that video.
  Russia tells Democrats, don't blame us when you lose the election.
  It's getting crazier and crazier and crazier.
   And this is a designed Long-term strategic plan to make us so poor the globalists can bring in universal basic incomes to then make us comply with all the social engineering they want.
  Or we will have our little digital IDs turned off.
   So yes, there is a giant red wave coming in, a red tsunami, but we have the major problem of the seawall that's been erected of fraud.
  That is all coming up today.
  Ali Alexander pops in with us for about 30 minutes in the middle of the next hour.
  And then tomorrow, we're going to have everybody from Robert Barnes to Stephen K. Bannon to Roger Stone to so many others during the marathon broadcast.
  It's going to go from 8 a.m.
   in the morning until very, very Deep into the early morning, hours into the ninth.
  And all that coverage kicks off on Tuesday, November 8th at 8 a.m.
  Central.
  All right, strap yourselves in.
  This is going to be one hell of a transmission.
  Ton of news to cover.
  We're going to try to hit it all straight ahead.
  Infowars.com is the coordinates of Liberty.
   It's Monday, November 7th, 2022, and we are less than a day out from the official polls
   opening with reports of record turnout for a midterm as conservatives, populists, nationalists,
   Christians, and even liberals that don't have a suicide pact with their psychotic abusers
   decide that we want to break with the obvious criminals that stole the election two years
  ago.
   They're getting all the election news and the latest COVID poison news, the latest Russian
   news, the latest news on Pelosi and the attack on her husband.
   Yes, that story they use as a distraction to claim was a right-wing terror attack, and
   Biden with no evidence said that, but now they won't let ICE talk the illegal alien
  that did it from Canada.
  They won't release the surveillance footage.
  The police report says that Paul Pelosi came to the door and let him in and that both of them had hammers and were in their underwear.
  We've been lied to about the official story there.
  Just a big surprise, I know.
  But they are really, really having problems because Mr. Party Pants, Paul Pelosi, is reportedly quite the pervert.
  And I don't know anything about hammer fetishes, but definitely a lot of weirdness going on, so we've got all that.
  But the first thing I wanted to hit is cutting off the energy.
  Now, for plants, and for humans, and for animals, and for insects, our energy is food, water, and sunlight.
  And all of those things are under attack and being restricted.
  They now admit big secret government programs since the early 90s.
  Spraying aerosolized particles in the atmosphere to dim the sun to save the earth.
  That's just mainstream news now.
  No, oh, Alex Jones was right, or oh, we lied about it.
  Just okay.
  And then they've got programs everywhere, even CNN promoting cutting down trees and burying them because they're made out of carbon.
  So trees are bad.
  And carbon dioxide that comes out of the coal power plants that plants breathe and then put on more oxygen.
  It's bad, and major moves around the world to restrict fertilizer and all the rest of it, and the fuel that the tractors and farm equipment use, is causing mass starvation and the death by the hundreds of millions.
  But that's just a little footnote in the New York Times.
  Like the 500,000 dead Iraqi children when Clinton tripled the sanctions that died over a few years, and Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said she'd do it again.
  Good price to pay.
  Because when they kill people, it's cute, it's loving, it's wonderful.
  But now Biden, in another gaffe, the second in four days, four days ago, he's in California, he says, yeah, like California, we're going to shut down all the coal power plants, which California's done.
  highest energy prices in the country.
   And he went on to say, "We're going to shut them down across the country."
   And everyone went, "Wait a minute, he says he wouldn't do that."
  They've always said they're going to do that.
   Then last night in New York on the campaign trail, if you can call it that,
  Stumbling around, didn't know where he was.
  He's degenerating fast.
  Greeny says, when are you going to stop all the oil?
  He says, oh, we're going to do it.
  We're going to shut off the fossil fuels.
  So Biden admits the truth.
  No more oil drilling as energy stocks set to soar.
  Video.
  Embarrassing.
  Biden stumbles around and promises no more oil.
  Analyst warns there probably won't be an election in 2024.
  I respect this analyst.
  That's coming up.
  Meanwhile, in Europe, Vietnam gas stations start to close due to widespread shortages.
  EU and UK energy bills smash record high reports.
  This is the artificial energy clampdown.
  They said two and a half years ago, they said after the COVID lockdown, we're going to cut the energy off and have a forced energy lockdown.
  And now they're following through on their globalist promise.
  To consolidate power and control while they fly around in their private jets to the new Copenhagen event for carbon taxes that's going on right now as we speak.
  Let's go to this short, this is a short compilation, I could play you hours of this, of Biden, Obama, their energy czars, and others, telling you the ugly truth of cutting your energy off, which will destroy every part of the economy, your savings, and starve the third world to death, imploding what's left, flooding us with the illegal aliens, organized and run by the UN for replacement migration, and that is the official UN plan, no matter what the ADL says.
   Go to the UN website, type in replacement migration, and read all about it. Here's a compilation.
  There is no more drilling.
  
  I haven't formed any new drilling.
  That was before I was president.
  We're trying to work on that, get that done.
  So it's going to become a wind generation and all they're doing is going to save them a hell of a lot of money and using the same transmission line that transmitted the coal-fired electric on.
   We're gonna be shutting these plants down all across America and having wind and solar
   No more drilling on federal lands No more drilling, including offshore.
  No ability for the oil industry to continue to drill.
  Period.
  Have a transition from the oil industry?
  Yes.
  No one's gonna build a coal-fired plant again, and we're gonna get rid of the ones we have now.
  Oil companies, instead of everybody says, well, Biden won't let them drill.
  It's so obvious, all these same oil companies who apparently can't get it together now, boy, they could get it together under President Trump, couldn't they?
  They're not drilling.
  Why aren't they drilling?
  Because they make more money not producing more oil.
  Daniel, it kills me that you were right about every curve here in the energy story.
  You have the Secretary of the Interior coming after you, the Secretary of Energy coming after you, Biden, John Kerry, Gina McCarthy in the White House.
  Agencies like the FERC and Chairman Richard Glick are coming after you.
  And frankly, the tech companies have to stop allowing specific individuals over and over again to spread disinformation.
  That's what the fossil fuel companies pay for.
   That's what folks who make money Out of fossil fuels and don't make money and don't care about saving consumers costs.
  That's what they do.
  At the Department of Energy, we are really obsessed with how we get to net zero by 2050 and how we get to 100% clean electricity by 2035.
  Right now, we are witnessing the beginning of one of the most significant events in human history.
  The clean energy transition.
  It is long overdue and it can't progress fast enough.
  What is the Granholm plan to increase oil production in America?
  That is hilarious.
  We obviously are all in on making sure that we meet the president's goals of getting to 100% clean electricity by 2035 and net zero carbon emissions by 2050.
  And, you know, if you drive an electric car, this would not be affecting you, clearly.
  So if somebody wants to build a coal-powered plant, they can.
  It's just that it will bankrupt them because they're going to be charged a huge sum for all that greenhouse gas that's being emitted.
  Now, I'm not going to go over all the statistics and the rest of it, but there's not enough rare earth minerals on earth to turn all the cars over to.
  Batteries.
  They cost more carbon on average to run an electric car that are already being powered by coal.
  And the windmills do not transmit anything near what hydroelectric or coal or nuclear do.
  And I was just with my family down at the Texas coast when I took off a few weeks ago.
   They put in all these giant ugly windmills and I noticed coming off the main fields where they have dozens of these per sector, per area, I was looking at them for an hour driving.
  About an hour before we hit the coast there's just hundreds of them.
  Little bitty power transmission lines.
  Little bitty tiny suckers.
  The kinds that go into neighborhoods because the damn things produce almost no power.
  And what do you know about power lines?
  They lose power the further they go.
  That's why they built a bunch of them in the last decade in West Texas and transmit the power 400 miles and they say they lose over 70% of the power over 400 miles.
  They're a joke.
  You need to build the plants right where you're using it.
  Then you get all the power.
  Damn windmills don't work and they know they bankrupt Spain with it and that's the plan.
  But I love how they're saying, when nobody wants to get rid of your energy, nobody wants oil or your natural gas, or coal.
  Fetterman's like, I never said I want to ban that, even though he's all on video saying it.
  And then now Biden can't even shut up and keeps submitting their plan.
  It's been their plan all along.
  Okay, let's go first to the Fauci.
  We would never push anybody for violence.
  One, it's not correct.
  It's immoral, obviously.
  But Fauci, you've got to understand something.
  We're all in on your deep investigation.
  The next decade of your life is going to be horrible because you're going to be held accountable for what you did to the American people and what you did to your country and all the lies and misrepresentations.
   I tell you what's the most egregious Natalie, and given your reporting and Robert F. Kennedy's bill of indictment on Fauci, the real Anthony Fauci, that's the beginning of the bill of indictment.
  And Fauci has to understand, Comer said it last night and it's going to be announced starting on the 14th, the investigation on Tony Fauci and others, Collins and these people at the biomedical security apparatus in this country is going to be deep, it's going to be profound, and it's going to be meaningful.
  And you're going to be held accountable, I think, for your criminality.
  But for him to sit there now, after everything you did, and remember, they tried to tear us down, to try to get us deplatformed, debanked, everything, because this show is the first show in the pandemic and we went right after the gain-of-function experimentation immediately, of which he's lied about, right?
   But to sit there and talk about now China, I played that clip because it points out we need to criminally go after Fauci, Bill Gates and the rest of them.
   when he's sitting there trying to cover his tracks on China and now he's sitting
   there saying China let everybody down how dumb does this guy think
   people are? I played that clip because it points out we need to criminally go after
   Fauci, Bill Gates and the rest of them. That's the next big issue I'm gonna hit
   here today. We're gonna open the phones up and take a ton of calls and cover a lot of
  other news.
  The Achilles heel of the New World Order is their COVID Bioweapon Disease X project to bring in the World ID, to bring in the forced injections, to bring in the depopulation.
  We either expose their operation or they keep pushing it and expanding it.
  So it's the main fight.
  They're cutting off the energy, they're dissolving the borders, they're buying off our politicians, they're putting their district attorneys in.
   Soros says, They're flooding us with fentanyl.
  They're doing all these other things.
  They're starting wars.
  But if we don't expose that the globalists launched a bioweapon and then a deadly shot, even worse, that grows prions in the body and annihilates your DNA and causes cancer and infertility and blood clots and heart attacks and strokes and everything else, they're going to do it again.
  Now, this is really blown up in their face, and they admit it has.
  They're asking for amnesty.
  They're saying they're going to back off their projects.
  But they're not.
  They're actually rolling forward.
  They're trying to tap out.
  But they're not really going to tap out.
  This is everything.
  And the good news is, it doesn't matter whether you see yourself as a conservative, or a populist, or a liberal, or a Muslim, or a Buddhist, or a Christian.
  Or an agnostic.
  You know they lied to you about the shots.
  You know they make you sick.
  You know it's in the US government, the Swedish government, the German government.
  I covered it last night in detail.
  There's more news on it today.
  Massive 3,600 plus percent increases in miscarriages, stillbirths, in women that have taken the shot.
  They really have done it.
  They've dropped the hammer on us.
  This is everything.
   This is the clear and present Attack and now in New York and other places federal and state judges have said you can't make police and firefighters and school kids take this.
  And New York says they're appealing it to try to continue to get as many people injected as they can when even the bureaucrats know people hate it.
  It doesn't protect you and it makes you sick or kills you.
  And we've got a rally behind.
  The children in blue cities that are being targeted, where their parents are being lied to and being told it's the law.
  We've got a rally behind them.
  The nurses and the doctors and the firefighters and the police and the bus drivers that are being made to do this criminally.
  It was an experimental shot.
  You can't make somebody take a non-experimental shot unless they're in the military.
  Then you sign up.
  You can be by contract.
  Not experimentally, but in the military.
  It's been adjudicated many times.
  Back to the anthrax.
  But with everybody else, this is Nuremberg violation, extortion, racketeering, intimidation, bullying.
  It's illegal.
  Then you have the big tech censorship with Big Pharma to suppress anybody that criticized it.
  This is, again, beyond evil.
  Here's Russell Brand talking about the New York situation.
  New York City is appealing a judge's ruling to reinstate municipal employees fired for not getting the COVID-19 vaccine.
  Now, I believe these are people that work in sanitation, people that collect garbage, people that during the pandemic were hailed as heroes.
  These brave heroes carrying on doing their jobs.
  So they were heroes then, but now the state is going up against them, stopping them getting their jobs back after they've been through a judicial process in order to get their jobs back, which is pretty clear at this point.
  Let me know in the comments, let me know in the chat.
  They should have lost in the first place.
  The city is appealing the latest ruling by a Staten Island judge finding a segment of the municipal workforce should not require vaccination.
  Staten Island Supreme Court Justice Ralph Porzio ruled that the vaccination requirement for a group of 16 sanitation workers suing the city is arbitrary and capricious.
  Well, that's not how you want a state run.
  Well, firstly, we do things arbitrarily.
  Whee!
  Why do you do that?
  I don't know.
  Just for no reason.
  Oh, okay.
  Is there any motivation?
  Oh, yeah.
  Caprice.
  Like, I do things sort of with a little bit of malice and on whims.
  Mild, vague, cruelty, and very whimsically.
  Oh, well...
  As you were.
  Keep going.
  Seems like a lovely way to run the old, big, friendly apple.
  The great, beautiful, melting pot that is New York.
  I mean, isn't this a story where you have the opportunity to support ordinary working people?
  You have the opportunity to show that we're all on the same side.
  People that collect our garbage.
  The hidden people.
   The people you don't want to Acknowledge the people that are necessary for literally the stuff you don't want no more, the stuff that you're throwing out.
  Instead of saying, why don't we make those jobs as amenable and as pleasant and as fair and as well paid and as well rewarded because they're necessary for society, so it's dignified work for dignified working people.
  No, why don't we use the state to crush them, to crush them into total compliance.
   One theory is that the pandemic was an opportune moment to reduce workforces and reduce payrolls
   and if these people are successful in winning their case not only will you have
   to have all those back payments but you also challenge the efficacy of the
   model. I don't know if New York's garbage collection is privatized yet but I bet
   it will get privatized at some point.
  And having a lower payroll bill when that comes will be advantageous.
  And any of you that are following this sort of AI revolution will know that those are the kind of jobs that will go next.
  We'll have robot slaves instead of near human slaves.
  And he's right about the garbage collectors.
  That's only a small part of it.
  It's the police, it's the firemen, it's everybody.
   But you have to understand, whether you're in Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Germany, it's all the same unified program run by the UN, run by the big think tanks, and run by the Pentagon at the top.
  None of that's come out.
  And so here is Ardian just a year ago saying, yeah, you'll never be part of society if you don't take the shot.
  Now that's all imploded.
  They pushed their crimes as far as they could get till we said no, then they backed off.
  But they'll be back again.
  Here's the monster.
  So you basically said this is going to be like, well it's almost like, you probably don't see it like this, the two different classes of people, if you're vaccinated or if you're unvaccinated, you have all these rights, if you are vaccinated.
  That is what it is, so yep, yep.
  And you described that you were previously hoping not to have to do that, I guess when we still felt like we could maintain elimination across the whole country, I guess that has now changed because...
  I think it was less because necessarily of the elimination determining that and more because we of course maintained and actually we have managed very high vaccination rates generally without the use of certificates.
  But actually what it's become clear to me is that they're not just a tool to drive up vaccines.
  They're a tool for confidence.
  People who have been vaccinated will want to know that they're around other vaccinated people.
  They'll want to know that they're in a safe environment.
  It is a way that we can give confidence.
  Alright, and she goes on.
  Guys, if you've had the damn shot, you're supposed to protect it.
  So they're saying you've got to have everybody vaccinated or you're not protected when you're vaccinated.
  It's all a lie and they've been proven to be liars.
  She needs to be indicted and in prison.
  She needs to be in prison.
  Well, it wasn't hard to predict.
  Past behavior is always the best indicator of future behavior by an organization or an individual.
  We even know this about breeds of dogs.
  Labrador Retrievers are faithful and nice and friendly and like to fetch things and are sweet.
  Pit bulls can be sweet and nice and friendly, but statistically, they commit about 98% of the killing of humans.
  You always hear about them eating the family toddler, killing their owner.
  And it's the same thing with the Democratic Party.
  Their whole history, since before the Civil War, has really been a scourge on this nation.
  And they've been in charge, basically, since the beginning of the country.
  They've always been the problem.
  And I'm not saying the Republicans are perfect, but the Democratic Party is the establishment.
  And the idea that they're not is just ridiculous.
  And the idea that Republicans are going to put liberals in camps and kill their kids when it's the left building FEMA centers for the next lockdown everywhere and saying they want to kill conservatives.
  We all know who the bad guys are.
  I have no desire to put liberals in concentration camps.
  I have no desire to kill them.
  And they know that.
  But now there's new quotes.
  Top House Democrat claims Republican midterm win could very well mean the end of the world.
  We have that video clip coming up.
  It just gets more and more over the top by the minute.
  But remember, everything they say about us is what they are doing.
  We're not naive.
  We don't put all our faith in the Republican establishment or the rhinos or neocons, but we've got a populist beachhead that's almost taking the Republicans over.
  Does that mean our people will all be perfect?
  No, but they won't be cutting the power plants off and dissolving the borders and promoting pedophile drag queen time and allowing fentanyl to be shipped in and starting war with Russia and starting war with China while simultaneously shipping all our jobs to China.
  They won't be actively trying to destroy the country.
  Will there be some corruption?
  Will there be problems?
  Absolutely.
  That's the human condition.
  But as we get into their past behavior being the most indicative indicator of their future behavior, a lot of evidence rolling in of election fraud, and of course it's all one-sided by the Democrats.
   We're gonna be getting to some of that, but to look at What's happened?
  Look at Brazil, the most populous nation in Latin America, the largest nation in Latin America.
  Bolsonaro, great patriot, and all the real polls showed him 10 points ahead.
  The communist polls showed him 5 points behind.
  He won in every state and every city except one big district where the vast majority went to Lula and magically it was just the amount he needed.
  to beat Bolsonaro.
   Greg Rees has filed a report on this, then I'm going to get into what's happening here domestically.
   It's titled "Bolsonaro, Election Fraud, and the Big Red Wave."
  Here it is.
  
   Before his first election, the radical opposition attempted to assassinate Jair Bolsonaro.
   Jair Bolsonaro has been left in a serious but stable condition in hospital.
  This after being stabbed while drumming up support ahead of next month's vote.
  Hospital officials say it could take two months for him to recover.
  They failed and President Bolsonaro went on to become today's leading model of what a world leader should be.
  A man of the people.
  He spoke out against the COVID pandemic hoax from the very beginning.
  Brazil's right-wing President Jair Bolsonaro said he will not take a coronavirus vaccine, calling it his, quote, right.
  He made statements live on social media Thursday, adding that Congress was not likely to require Brazilians to take a vaccine.
  He thanked the farmers of Brazil for not shutting down.
  You didn't stay at home.
  You didn't take precautions.
  We have to face our problems.
  Enough with the freshness and the "mimimi".
  And declared every single Brazilian as being essential.
  This essential activity, not that one.
   The essential activity is all that is necessary for the family chef to take the bread home.
  And now the world is realizing that Bolsonaro was right.
   No matter how much the media tries to smear him, the people of Brazil love him.
  We want to see the public's vote for him.
  I can't let him go.
   The president of the Supreme Court will still have to pay for it.
   The awakening masses in Brazil, like everywhere else in the world today,
  We're expecting election fraud.
  Polls show Bolsonaro still trailing behind left-wing former leader Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva.
  Polls are lying.
  If Lula is really the frontrunner, where is he?
  Where are his crowds?
  We are here to show that Bolsonaro represents the majority.
  He will only lose the election if there is fraud.
  And the people will take to the streets to stop that from happening.
  And they have taken to the streets.
  All over Brazil, the people are not willing to go the way of Joe Obama, the way of the World Economic Forum.
  What will it take for the people to be represented?
  And what will America do if the anticipated red wave is stolen?
  The president's office may have conceded defeat, but many of Jair Bolsonaro's millions of supporters have not.
  They took to the streets of Sao Paulo in their thousands.
  The national flag waved above the crowds as they gathered outside the headquarters of the military's southeastern command.
  They're calling for an intervention.
  Put simply, they want a military coup.
  They despise the leftist policies of Lula da Silva, and they want him out by any means.
   I think the red wave that's coming is gonna be like the elevator doors opening up in the shining.
  Reporting for InfoWars, this is Greg Reis.
  Now, I want to give the number out here in a moment.
  We take your calls throughout the next two hours on the Alex Show and any other issues you want.
  First-time callers, long-time callers, callers that agree, callers that disagree.
  We're going to get to all of you coming up.
  I'll give the number out in a moment, so get ready, please.
   But let's get to a short clip of James Clyburn, one of the ranking Democrats in the House, Top House Democrat claims Republican midterms could very well be the end of the world because of climate change.
  While they're cutting the power off, causing mass collapse, releasing the viruses, causing mass death, putting out the poison shots that cause it, then saying you caused it with global warming.
  Preposterous horse crap.
  Here it is.
  But losing this democracy could very well be the end of the world.
  Okay, so are you asking voters to set aside what they feel about the economy?
  Because the Wall Street Journal, Kimberly Strassel, has this piece.
  Voters have sat through this apocalyptic movie many times now and know its anticlimactic ending.
  Besides, they're busy searching for spare change to cover their rising grocery bill.
  So, set aside the economy, worries about crime, which are at the top of all of voter polls about what they're worried about, and instead vote for you or the world is ending?
  Nobody's saying the world is ended.
  You did say there, though, it could be the end of the world.
  No.
  Democracy will be ended.
  The world will continue to exist.
  The world was here before Hitler.
  The world was here after Hitler.
  That's what we're saying.
  No.
  The world will not end.
  The kind of world we have, the kind of country we have, we've got to decide how do we want to exist in this world.
  And that's what we're talking about.
  So you heard him deny he said it and they're all saying it's the end of the world and he went on in the full interview I've got the transcript out here to say rising sea levels all the normal crap that he said previously The ice caps are bigger the sea levels didn't rise.
   It's all a lie Okay What did MSNBC say last week?
  We're deciding whether our children will be arrested and conceivably killed by the Republicans.
  Meanwhile, who's killing us?
  These people with the shots and the rest of it.
  Here's Hochul, the unelected governor of New York.
  She's really getting called out.
  We're going to go out to break with her, saying it's a conspiracy theory of the crimes race.
  Here it is.
  Now Tony Robbins is a really smart guy.
  I think he's a great guy overall.
  Really smart.
   America to try and convince people that in Democratic states are not as safe.
   Well guess what? They're also not only election deniers, they're data deniers.
   The data shows that shootings and murders are down in our state by...
   Now Tony Robbins is a really smart guy. I think he's a great guy overall. Really smart.
  And he talks, when he gets hyped up like I do, really fast.
   But he put out a little interview clip a few weeks ago that I'm mean to get to that
   I saw again this morning, remind me to play it, which is on a study I saw a
   few years ago that's really dead on. That if you understand this, you understand
  basically everything.
  And so, start of the next hour, we're going to play this little short 28-second clip.
  And it's such a valuable thing.
  I mean, it's better than a four-year college education, I can tell you, if you grasp this one thing.
  Because I naturally understood this by the grace of God and was able to actuate my brain to filter a lot of this out and get the key nuggets of actually what was going on very early in life.
  And I never used this understanding of how this stuff operates against the general public.
  But when you talk about neuro-linguistic programming and the way the politicians talk and the things they do, they are actively trying to use this on you.
  But if you're simply aware of it, then they can't get you.
  And if you want to know if a teacher or a leader, an intellectual, is actually trying to help you, they're going to be trying to get you to think deeper, look deeper, do your own research question.
  Because it's that process that literally makes you more attuned, smarter.
  When you see the New York Times, the Washington Post, CNN, I played Joy Reid yesterday.
  She said, don't, oh no, there's no inflation.
  There's no such thing as price increases.
  It doesn't exist.
  The Republicans taught you this made-up evil word.
  No, it's very important and real.
  And for a person that's conscious, you look at that and you go, that's an outrageous gaslighting.
  For somebody that isn't conscious, they take that on and they believe that.
  So get the Joy Reid clip ready, too, for the start of the next hour.
  I want to play it with it.
  And get Hochul ready again, because it's the same thing.
  These are talking points.
  This isn't just Hochul saying it.
  This isn't just Reid saying it.
  This isn't just Biden saying it.
  They get psychological warfare manuals.
  It came out that... By the way, guys, I meant to cover this Friday, and I mentioned it Sunday and Saturday, and I dropped the ball.
  It was in my COVID stack.
  Which I guess will be in Friday's stack in there.
  I already knew this, but there was a big article, and I forget who did it, but it was on InfoWars.com, where the Security Council and Homeland Security secretly had already drilled the COVID lockdowns and already had a plan on the shelf set up under Obama that was rolled out under Trump that he got tricked into signing on to.
   I remember the exact headline it was uh that's it you found it
  You guys are so quick.
  I mean, guys, I just found that in 10 seconds.
  Woo!
  Badass crew.
  Print that for me.
  U.S.
  COVID response taken over by National Security Council in March 2020 to impose pre-prepared lockdown plan evidence shows.
  Now, we already have all the documents, but now they admit the whole thing was staged.
  Under disease acts and a drill of the U.N.
   based on Operation Lockstep, SPARS 2025-2028, Tabletop event 201.
  We already know this, but now it's the master document.
  Premeditated, organized evil.
  But if the average person just kind of like thinks whatever the newest thing on the news is just popping up out of the middle of nowhere like Jack in the Box, they just take the new thing like it's its own separate deal, not interconnected to everything else.
   And not thinking about how their minds Have been pre-programmed for it.
  So I'm going to talk about that at the start of the next hour, and then I'm going to go right to your phone calls.
  The toll-free number to join us is 877-789-2539.
  877-789-2539.
  There it is.
  877-789-2539.
  877-789-Alex.
  And that is all coming up.
  2539-877-789-2539.
  There it is.
  877-789-2539.
  877-789-Alex.
  And that is all coming up.
  First time callers, long time callers agree, disagree.
   I love it when people call and disagree, they'll kind of spout their hate and then pause
  and wait to see what I say.
  We're not screening your calls other than you've got a clean phone line, and you want to tell us where you're calling from or wherever, that's great, or you want to give us a one-line about the topic, that just helps me know what you want to get into.
  I legitimately don't screen calls like other talk radio where they only get the callers they want, for the ideas they want.
  Especially liberal talk radio.
  We don't do that.
  I really want to debate you.
  I really want to talk to you.
  Because there's this big lie by the left that Jones has fake phone calls.
  They're staged.
  I couldn't make myself fake something if I wanted to.
  I am the complete opposite of scripted.
  I'm extremely researched and then I just go with the research and what I really believe.
  If anything, put on my tombstone, I'm authentic, and I'm pro-human.
  So, 877-789-2539.
  All right.
  Let me just do this right now, and then we'll come back with a huge second, third, and fourth hour.
  Here's the paradox.
  I'm gonna explain it this way.
  There are two things I hate to do.
  Two things I really hate to do.
   But I love something so much more, I do one of the things I hate.
   I hate being a slave to the new world order even though I'm fighting it.
  I'm in the system.
  I'm a slave to a certain extent, like all of us.
  And I also hate having to beg for your aid and beg for your support.
  But I love fighting tyranny and promoting freedom and seeing us win more than I hate asking for your support.
  So I hate being a slave way more than I hate sitting up here like a baby bird begging for food.
  But at the end of the day, I'll do it because it's the right thing to do.
  But there's not just the fact that I hate to beg for support, but I hate the tyrants more, and I love liberty so much I'll do it.
  We're selling stuff that's really great, that is going to help you and empower you.
  So that makes me feel good about it.
  But I would love to have some big billionaire benefactor that gave us the $30 million a year we need to operate.
  And with the markups and things we've got, I've got to sell $70 million of product.
  Storable food, supplements, books, films a year.
  Just to then get the money I need to run this operation with the bandwidth and the legal and the crew and the uplinks and just everything that goes into it.
  So I want to thank all of you that have been big supporters and I want to encourage you to not just get the products because it funds exposing the New World Order and puts a major thorn in their side and has a great effect and you see it, we're not bragging, it's the truth.
  It's all of you are the reason we're here and I salute you.
  But it's also that you get incredible products.
  I mean, X3 and X2 are two different formulas of high-quality iodine.
  They're apples and oranges that completely turbocharge your libido, your stamina, your energy, your clarity, everything in your life.
  And I forget to take it.
  I totally feel it.
  Where's my X2?
  Where's my X3?
  That's an incredible product.
  When you take Vitamin Mineral Fusion with organic vitamins and minerals and amino acids, everything that's essential, it blows you away.
  Our great organic multivitamins back in stock.
  They're all 40 to 50% off right now.
  Biggest sale of the year is always Black Friday comes early.
  And then it's the same sale basically through Christmas.
  It's just a lot of stuff sells out.
  These are the best deals you're going to get, period, with the best selection.
  With promo code 1776, an additional 10% off.
  So that's up to 60% off at Infolwerestore.com.
   And yes, Well, we're only making 10, 20, 30% on these products.
  At those type of sales rates, we got to sell even more.
  But you're habituated, and I get it, to wanting to buy it when it's on sale, so it is.
  But it's a catch-22.
  You're buying a ton of it, but we're not making a lot of money on each sale.
  So please, get a book, get a film while you're on the site.
  There's so many other great items, so many other great products at InfoWarsTore.com.
  Or call toll-free, 888-253-3139.
  And if you really want to help us and really keep us on air, get a signed or unsigned copy of The Great Reset and the War for the World.
  That's been the number one book in the world off and on the last few months.
  But I'm not, I'm now told, going to get payments from it for a few more months.
  And when I do, I'll put it in to Free Speech Systems, this operation, because I love the information, I love the fight, I love the truth so much.
  And it's also kind of a fun little thing, now that they've got these fake judgments and all this stuff coming up, I'm going on appeal, but I'm about to, I've actually already filed, but I'm about to file publicly what I'm worth, and man...
  When people see it, I'm not proud of having no money, but I'm actually proud of the fact that I've been so committed that they're going to flip their lids that I am just maximum into this whole deal.
  But that also means I'm at the water rising up to my nose here, and I am in your hands.
  So don't procrastinate.
  Don't wait.
  Go to InfoWarsTore.com right now and get these incredible products.
  DNA Force Plus, X3, Vitamineral Fusion.
  It's all there.
  DNA Force Plus is amazing.
  Ultimate krill oil, ultimate fish oil, info or store.com.
  
  
   Once a tragedy reaches a level of national significance, American citizens should be allowed
   to basically question that event in any way that they deem fit.
  The First Amendment is unique in the world.
  That's what they want to take away.
  Your ability to speak freely.
  So they're going to go for Mike Lindell next?
  Or are they going to go for Steve Bannon?
  Or are they going to go for Tucker Carlson?
  I studied the globalists 30 years ago, but on air 28 years, and I knew they were planning all of this.
  And I warned the public, as a modern Paul Revere.
  But I couldn't have done it without your support.
  And now, because we've been so successful warning the population of the planet, not just America, we're public enemy number one when it comes to the globalist agenda.
  That's why it's more important than ever to realize how successful InfoWars has been because of your past support.
  So I salute you and I thank you, and I ask you now, at the critical juncture of the battle, to redouble your efforts by visiting InfoWarsTore.com and getting amazing products that keep us on air.
  1776 is the promo code, the destination is InfoWarsTore.com, and I thank you all for your support.
  Apple was the first company to remove Alex Jones' hateful, anti-government, conspiratorial rants from their platform.
  And other tech companies, as we know, followed their lead.
  We have the ADL that is openly the arbiter with big tech and the censors on who can be online, who can basically in the future, with a social credit score, even have a job.
  You're gonna be put into ghettos and then into camps under their admitted plans.
  Whether our children will be arrested and conceivably killed.
  We're on the edge of a brutal authoritarian system and it could be a week away.
  The head of the ADL put out a letter attacking Elon Musk and saying you will not reinstate President Trump.
  He is a danger and a terrorist.
  And they went on to say Alex Jones is the other big enemy and he must not be allowed back on Twitter.
  Now a lot of people are saying well when are we gonna see you back on Twitter?
  I'm not worried about trying to get back on Twitter.
  I am worried about the social credit score, the debanking that's coming for everybody in the next phase of this.
  Real tyranny.
  You talk about clear and present danger.
  We're talking about the ability to track and trace and surveil upon subjects from the cradle to the grave, effectively.
   From the beginning of your life, or your children's lives, or your grandchildren's lives, they'll have biometric identity markers placed on you and connected with this
   digital ID and then all records about all activity will be associated with it.
   This is not simply some identification. This is a database that is kept in a
   centralized place by the state and then is a collection of all activities from
   the beginning of your life onward. But what you're doing going after
   President Trump and Tucker Carlson and others that are good people is discrediting the
   ADL and discrediting groups that are against anti-semitism and it's a lie.
   Tucker Carlson has a history of sanitizing stereotypes and of spreading this
  kind of poison.
  The Great Replacement Theory, as it's known, is this toxic idea that there are a cabal of Jews plotting to overrun the country with immigrants, Muslims, black people, etc.
  and commit what they call white genocide.
  It is literally a staple of white supremacist... No, it's on the UN website.
  It's on the UN website.
  The coalition of Jewish values, rabbinic group, largest in the country, calls for CEO Greenblatt's resignation after ADL tweets minimizes the Holocaust.
  Because he said, Tucker Carlson is a Nazi and is as bad as Hitler.
  The Republican Party today is dominated, driven, and intimidated.
  By Donald Trump and the MAGA Republicans.
  And that is a threat to this country.
  Yeah, they're a threat, says the guy with the blood-red Nazi background and marines standing behind him.
  Tucker Carlson's dangerous to tyrants, and the ADL's basically just a group the globalists rent to go out and call anybody that's for freedom a Nazi.
  And this major rabbinical organization said, what you're doing's evil.
   And so the good news is here, The bad news is the Anti-Defamation League is completely globalist, completely leftist.
  It defends radical Islam while attacking basic American values and attacking Christians and creating dissension.
  But that's what the left does.
  It's just preposterous that a former president who had the election stolen from him was taken off Twitter when he said peacefully march the Capitol.
  And the left had provocateurs there, and then they falsely claimed that Trump ordered people to attack the Capitol.
  That's a fraud!
  Who died and made the ADL our controllers?
  The greatest propaganda machine in history.
  Let's think about it.
  Facebook, YouTube, and Google, Twitter, and others.
  They reach billions of people.
  The algorithms these platforms depend on deliberately amplify the type of content that keeps users engaged.
  Stories that appeal to our baser instincts and that trigger outrage and fear.
  It's why YouTube recommended videos by the conspiracist Alex Jones billions of times.
  Because the closest thing I've seen to Nazis in America is the left and the ADL and the Southern Poverty Law Center and their vaccine passports and their lockdowns and their bullying that violates the Nuremberg Code trying to make us take experimental shots.
  And the social credit score that'll take your bank account and your job if they don't agree with your political views?
  That's already happening?
  Alright, I want to go to your phone calls on the eve of this incredibly important historic election.
  But I want to talk about gaslighting and mind control.
  And there's many examples of this.
  Countless examples.
  For the type of psychological studies that have been done.
  So Anthony Robbins recently talked about a study that we actually covered on air a few years ago where they went out to a park and asked somebody to hold their cell phone for a minute and gave them either or asked them to hold their coffee or their iced coffee for a minute while they worked on their cell phone.
  And then they later came back and asked the people just a few minutes later, was that person nice or was that person mean?
  Was that person warm or was that person hot?
  And statistically, the vast majority that held the warm coffee said the person was warm.
  The people that held the ice coffee said the person was cold.
  Now, they weren't consciously connecting the cold coffee with the hot coffee, but that put the impression in their mind.
  And that's how programming, that's how mind control works.
  Now, it only works if you're unconscious.
  It only works if you're not thinking constantly about what's the baseline of reality?
  What do I stand for?
  And what is pro-human?
  And what is actually going on?
  Because if you're a conscious person, you would go after how they acted or how they responded to you or their interaction.
  But the average person is unconscious.
  So they weren't really paying attention when the person handed them the iced coffee or the hot coffee.
  They just had a subconscious memory in an animal level of the coffee was hot, so the person was warm, or the coffee was cold, the person was cold.
  Whereas whether the coffee was hot or cold had no bearing on whether the person was hot or cold, whether the person was nice or mean.
  Cold or hot.
  And that's an example of an unconscious person that can be programmed.
  That's why they train you in school and the culture, and this is on record, with short attention spans and unable to really differentiate because they want Kathy Hochul to be able to say, it's a conspiracy theory, crime is not up in Democrat areas even though it's up over 100% in most areas, 400% in some areas.
  Other examples of Joy Reid saying, it's a conspiracy theory.
  Price increases don't exist.
  That's a word you were taught by Republicans.
  So you think I'm not going to get mad about price increases.
  That's a Republican thing.
  I'm not going to get mad about vaccine deaths.
  I'm a liberal.
  Liberals take shots.
  So it becomes an emotional pre-programmed thing at a subconscious level to use layman terms.
  So here's Tony Robinson talking about this situation.
  Here it is.
   It was done not long ago where they took some people, 100 actors, they walked up to 100 people in a park
  and they rehearsed doing the same thing every time.
   They reach in their pocket to get their phone and they hand the person a cup of coffee
   and then they reach in their pocket looking at it and say, "Would you all listen to me for a second?"
   And they're a total stranger. They grab their phone, look at it, type it, and they take it back.
  They go, "Thank you so much."
  The same for everybody.
  But then they come back 30 minutes later with somebody with, and the only difference by the way is 50% of them have iced coffee, 50% of them have hot coffee.
  Got it.
  Now a person comes by 30 minutes later with a clipboard, gives them $20 and said, if you'll give me literally a minute and a half of your time to read this three paragraph story and answer these two questions, this is yours.
  90% of people take the 20 bucks and do it.
  They read the story.
  Same story for everybody.
  But, half the people when they ask them, the main character, how would you describe the qualities of the main character, the character traits?
  The ones that got iced coffee all say the person was cold and uncaring.
  81% say that.
  Come on!
  The person that got hot coffee, 80% or 1% difference say the person is warm and genuine.
  And the only difference is 30 minutes earlier somebody primed them.
  See, you think it's your thoughts?
  Much of your thoughts have been primed by the environment.
  And again, I'm teleprompter-free, I move fastest.
  Tony Robbins, everybody knows that.
  I butcher things when I'm moving quick.
  But what he's saying is a study, a real-world study, and all the statistics and deeper research shows that almost the same number, 81% versus 80%.
  So again, just because what they were handed was hot or cold, they weren't consciously thinking about it, but the subconscious is way more powerful than the conscious, and it did remember that.
  So that's why you've got to be in a conscious mind state.
  A lot of people think of being conscious as troublesome or exhausting.
   No, the more you're in a conscious state, The more your brain creates new neuron connections, the smarter you get.
  Everybody knows when you've been at work 10, 12, 15 hours, you go home and eat a big meal, and now there's less blood in your brain, and you are, you know, watching TV and not paying attention, you make bad business deals.
  You make bad mistakes.
  You don't think as clearly as you do in the morning.
  Or after lunch, you don't think, well, you just had a big meal.
  The number one rule they tell trial lawyers is don't even eat lunch.
  Maybe eat a little protein bar and a coffee because you'll be exhausted afterwards because there's less blood in your brain.
  So it's the same thing.
  Everything is about not getting you to train your brain.
  You're still going to make mistakes.
  I said Tony Robinson, then I clicked Tony Robbins.
  The point is, when you're conscious, you're going to catch the mistakes.
  When you're not conscious, you're not going to hardly ever catch them.
  And they always want you in that sleeping, unconscious state so they can do whatever they want to you because your conscious brain will make the right decisions.
   Your unconscious brain is powerful, but it will make Decisions on the dumbed-down Information you're being fed and you can give all the psychological terms you can make it more sophisticated than it is But just think about the fact That 80% or 81% of people depending on which cup it was Only judged a person by what they were handed But didn't consciously realize that was going on.
  That's Mind control and that's the type of stuff they're pulling.
  There's an example.
   Here's Joy Reid People don't know what inflation is.
  They were taught a word, so now they're worried about their prices increasing.
  And what she's saying from a sick level of the talking point is true.
  If they're not thinking how their prices are going up, they won't blame the system.
  When they're broke, they'll just wonder why they're broke, instead of realizing it's a direct economic attack of the Build Back Better Great Reset program.
  So for a conscious person, it's ridiculous to see her sit there and say, oh well, this is a word they were taught, as if the word, knowing what it is, knowing the name for it, made it happen.
  But if you're only dealing with a subconscious brain, it's true.
  If it doesn't know the term, or doesn't consciously recognize it, it doesn't exist.
  See how that works?
  Here she is.
  The only people I ever hear use the word inflation are journalists and economists, right?
  So that is not part of the normal lexicon of the way people talk.
  So it's interesting that Republicans are doing something they don't normally do, right?
  Which is not use the common tongue, right?
  Not use just common English to sort of do on their campaigns like they're doing with crime.
  But what they've done is they've taught people the word inflation, right?
  Most people who have never used that word ever in their lives are using it now because they've been taught it.
  Including on TV, including in newspapers, they've been taught this word.
  And they sort of wrap this word around whatever it is that they really want to vote.
  You know, the reasons they really want to vote.
  So she's telling her viewers, that's a Republican thing.
  It's a word.
  It's not your gas costing way more.
  It's not your food costing way more.
  It's not your rent costing way more.
  It's not education costing way more.
  It's not medicine costing way more.
  It's not currency valuation.
  It's not inflation.
  No, that's a Republican thing.
  Another scary, evil, racist word.
  Here's the unelected governor, even in New York, close to losing right now, but she'll probably win this election fraud, saying it's a conspiracy theory.
  That crime is up, and then she just lies about the statistics.
  These are master manipulators.
  They have this conspiracy going all across America to try and convince people that in democratic states they're not as safe.
  Well, guess what?
  They're also not only election deniers, they're data deniers.
  The data shows that shootings and murders are down in our state by 15%, even in New York City, down 20% on Long Island, where Lee Zeldin comes from.
  And that's actually true on paper.
  And we covered it three weeks ago.
  The FBI no longer counts any crime statistics in over 100 major US cities.
  New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Detroit, Dallas, Houston.
  The list goes on and on.
  Seattle.
  They just don't look at the statistics.
  And it's true, gun proliferation in rural areas has exploded, so crime is actually down in rural areas, because we'll shoot your ass.
  But not in the big cities, it's worse than ever, and all the numbers actually show that.
  All right, your phone calls are straight ahead, and Ali Alexander on the election.
  Ali Alexander's coming up, and he's going to co-host with me for the next hour and a half, so your calls, we're getting to all of you, but we're going to your calls right now, but you'll be interspersed throughout the interview.
  We're going to get to everybody and more.
  Everybody on the board and more.
  Let's go ahead and take a call.
  Who is up first here?
  Who should I go to first here, John?
  All right, let's go to James in Indiana.
  You're on the air, James.
  Welcome.
  Hey, there's news coming out of Indiana on election misconduct.
  Article called poll worker caught marking ballots for Democrats and pressuring voters.
   Indiana has had so many issues, whether it's the corrupt Attorney General's office threatening
   witnesses or victims, the DMV altering information, or people using our information for free health
  care.
   The best article InfoWars has up is how the government is retaliating against veterans.
  Majority Green was just yelling at them.
  An article called "VA Manhandled Veterans."
   Our veterans are being murdered by a broken system that is causing their suicide.
  I won't back down.
  I was at the Jackie Olorski VA protesting how the VA is fueling and causing veteran suicide.
  A whistleblower and veterans were thanking me, but veterans are afraid to speak out because of retaliation.
  The government would rather retaliate and have you dead than address grievances.
  Well, you're right.
  There's so much election fraud and indictments, even people caught doing it, coming out, it makes my head spin.
  And most worrisome for me is Pennsylvania.
  Their state database that keeps people from illegally voting and counts each vote.
  That's magically gone down.
  Yeah, something needs to change.
  People are losing faith in the entire system.
  Hey Alex, what's up man?
  Hey, good to talk to you.
  I got three of your four silver coins.
  I missed out on the Washington one.
  I got your gold ore bond.
   We're going to win in the end, but I hear your frustration, James.
  Thank you.
  All right, let's go ahead and talk to Jason in Wisconsin.
  Jason, you're on the air.
  Hey Alex.
  What's up, man?
  Good to talk to you, brother.
  Hey, good to talk to you.
  I got a three of your four silver coins.
  I missed out on the Washington one.
  I got your gold or bond.
   I'm all stocked up on, um, actually in the third week of X three and I got
  my, uh, vitamin mineral fusion and all that.
  Thank you.
  So, yeah, thank you.
  I'm going to keep you in the fight as long as I can.
  It's more of a selfish thing than it is helping anyone.
  But anyway, so, yeah, all the poll watchers out there, just remember it's okay to pull your ballots out from under tables and it's okay to cover up and board up your windows so Democrats can't see what you're doing.
  Can you imagine if Republicans like Georgia and Michigan boarded up the windows and then on video run the same batch of ballots for Biden over and over again?
  Yeah, if Trump won, I wonder what would have happened in that election with all those people who did that.
  But of course, conservatives don't do that, because we're not criminals.
  Anything else, Jason?
  Exactly, exactly.
  Thanks for the call, Jason.
  Let's go to Steve in Utah.
  Steve, you're on the air, go ahead.
  Hey, how you doing, man?
  Good to talk to you.
  Hey, just wanted to comment on the gaslighting.
  I think you're making some good points there.
  You're just, that's productive.
  I call into the Progressive Talk Radio on XM.
  I brought it up, the gaslighting.
  We went at it.
  I noticed like a week later, his intro or his advertisement was speaking on gaslighting, how to fight against it.
  So I think the gaslighting and pointing it out is very important.
  We need to nail them on it.
  And I think it helps wake others up instead of just being angry and mean or just whatever, how we approach it.
  We need to approach it.
  Hey, you're being gaslit.
   Just, you know, Trump's been going to go to prison for seven years, and nothing's happened.
  That's gaslighting.
  You're being gaslit.
  Everything they're doing is gaslighting.
  So, they don't like it, and I think it's like holy water on a vampire.
  So, that's my two cents, I guess.
  Totally agree, Steve.
  Thanks for the call.
  Let's talk to William in Kentucky, then Mike in New York.
  William, go ahead.
  Yes, sir.
  I wanted to talk about the next generation of Info Warriors.
  My son, Jacob, he's really been blowing me away.
  I mean, their whole life they've been brainwashed.
  We used to live in Michigan.
  They got the video games, Call of Duty, for weeks at a time.
  I can't do anything, battling everybody.
  And now, you know, I've been listening for 10 years and never bought anything, never purchased anything.
  I always would try and talk about election fairness and getting out and doing your part, but I never purchased anything.
  Now, I mean, he bought all the products.
  He wears the shirt every day.
  He wears the hat.
  He bought meat products.
  He loves it.
  Changed our lives.
  I mean, I couldn't be more proud of him, and he's a representation to me of the next generation.
  There's still hope out there.
  Oh, the statistics show... I always forget the names.
  There's X, there's the Boomers, above that there's Millennials, but it's the youngest generation.
  What's that group called?
  I forget the name of it.
  It'll pop in my head in a minute.
  But that youngest group, below 20, is statistically the most awake.
  Either they're super dumb or they're super smart, but it's the largest group that is super awake.
  You're absolutely right.
  Yeah, I'm really excited, and I wanted to end with 1776 will commence again.
  If you try to take our firearms, long live the Republic!
  Absolutely.
  And then there's Gen Z, and then even the little bitty ones have a new name.
  Thank you.
  Alpha, yeah.
  Okay, let's talk to Mike in New York.
  Mike, love you.
  You're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Hey, good morning, Alex.
  Love you, buddy.
  Thank you for doing everything you do.
  I just want to start with plugging every product that keeps me going.
  I'm a mail carrier up in upstate New York.
  Well, that's great news, brother.
  In fact, you reminded me to take my X3 right now.
  I've been just killing it.
  I'm not tired.
  I'm just crushing every day at work.
  And I owe it to bodies.
  I owe it to Survival Shield.
  I owe it to Brain Force Plus.
  Just everything.
  Every day, start with it.
  It just makes the world a different.
  Well, that's great news, brother.
  I think you reminded me to take my X3 right now.
  I'm taking my X3 right now, brother.
  It's amazing, man.
  I really appreciate it.
  I started with the products probably a year ago now, and there's no turning back now.
  But my point I really want to get at is this Kathy Holtman, this witch that we've been cursed with in New York.
  I've been following her on Twitter.
  I'm back on Twitter now.
  I'm not getting shadow banned.
  I know nothing's really changed.
  I think maybe the people who were charged with the duty of doing that maybe got taken away or at least rattled so that they can't do it.
  I think the jury's out on Elon Musk.
  I don't completely trust him, but he will make more money and be more successful at open free internet.
  Remember, they built the big web that got so powerful when it was somewhat free.
  So I believe he really wants to have the free part of the web because that's what will explode.
  Now, will he later double back and censor it?
  We'll have to find out.
  But definitely Musk just got control a week and a half ago.
  And there's a whole war going on.
  He had to lock the building, he had to fire half the employees.
  So there's a real tug of war going on there with saboteurs.
  Yeah, for sure.
  But as far as Hope is concerned, she's here, I mean, for example, I'm looking at it right now just as a reference.
  Do me a favor, back off your phone a little bit.
  Back off your phone a little bit.
  How's that now?
  Feel better?
  Yeah, I can hear most of what you say, but just go ahead and finish up.
  You're making great points, but your phone's a little muffled.
  I'm sorry about that.
  No, it's okay.
  So what's wrong with Hochul?
  So, 43 minutes.
  I've been watching her on Twitter.
  As of 43 minutes ago, she made a post, just like she normally does, just a propaganda post.
  And I can't do that.
  I mean, there's 50... Well, let me do this.
  I'll look at her Twitter and find out what she just said.
  Thank you for the call.
  I'm sorry.
  I can barely understand what you're saying, brother.
  Again, my only screening of calls is a clear phone.
  But I get it.
  Cell phones are crap here and crap here.
  It's all crazy.
  Thank you so much.
  Call me back on the landline, brother.
  All right.
  Jeremy, Adrian, Jefferson, Lynn, Joseph, Patriot, Steven, Timothy, and so much more.
  877-789-2539.
  877-789-Alex.
  Your calls are coming up.
  And riding shotgun and coasting for the next hour and a half, the great Ali Alexander.
  Well, I'm hopped up on some all-natural Brain Force Ultra right now.
  This hour brought to you by Brain Force Ultra, 60% off at InfoWarsTore.com right now and riding shotgun with us as a co-host for the next hour and a half.
  Joining us again throughout the evening tomorrow night with Steve Bannon.
  So many others we're going to have.
  Bob Barnes, Darren Beattie, you name it.
  Tomorrow, 8 a.m., right through the night, into the next day, into the ninth.
  So we're on the eve, it's November 7th, 2022.
  We're only, you know, 15 hours or so from the polls opening on the East Coast.
  And we'll take calls while Ali Alexander's on with us.
  Over the next few segments, we're talking to him.
  Then he'll be with us over the next hour with your calls.
  So we're good to everybody.
  So don't hang up, folks.
  I want to talk to you.
  But Ali...
  Let's look at the election.
  Let's look at the evidence we're seeing.
  Let's look at the statements happening.
  And now we're very close to this.
  What you're thinking is about to unfold tomorrow, the Democrats saying in key states, oh, they're not going to know who wins for a few days.
  A replay of a few years ago, the computer system put in years ago to only make sure citizens and Pennsylvanians could vote.
  That's failed and is shut down.
  We've got all this other evidence coming on around the country of fraud.
  I'm really concerned.
  I know a tsunami can override a fraud, but it could dampen this Republican victory.
  What do you think's really going on?
  Yeah, I think that's what's going on.
  I'll tell you, you know, from my experience, what I'll be, you know, actually, first, let me say your energy.
  I've been watching the show for the past hour, and your energy is really high today.
  So that's exciting.
  And I'm excited to join you in studio tomorrow evening to kind of call some of these races.
  And I think on Infowars.com, we'll call the races, we'll call the majority ahead of all the major outlets.
  I'm pretty excited about that.
   But The things that I'm going to be looking for from inside the studio tomorrow is going to be that New Hampshire Senate race.
  Look, I think that Democrats are still going to win it, but the closer the margin between the Republican and the Democrat incumbent there in the U.S.
  Senate race spells doom for the Democrat Party.
   If the Republicans somehow overtakes them, we're going to see a historic tsunami that
  really we couldn't comprehend.
  And this is all on the backs of the voters.
   It can't be stressed enough that it's patriots, it's info warriors, it's the viewers at cozy.tv.
   It is the grassroots that is really formed this tidal wave, this tsunami, this red tsunami
  only in the past three weeks.
  This isn't the Kevin McCarthy red wave.
  We're also going to be watching Pennsylvania.
  We expect a lot of fraud there.
  The state Democrat government has basically told the courts, we won't follow the law.
  We won't follow your order.
   So hopefully the party apparatus is ready to go with legal injunctions and we can start Uh, protecting the chain of custody of certain ballots and isolating them if they're problematic.
  The Democrats are paying people to talk to their friends to vote.
  The Republican Party has nothing like this.
  So I'm going to be also watching black turnout.
  Right now there's a total collapse in the black turnout of the Democrat Party during this midterm.
  And if that turnout, I've predicted that it's going to be below 50%.
  But if we're looking at the mid 40s, you're going to watch us win races where we're pulling five points away from the Democrat.
  All the models will be broken.
  So, you know, it's very interesting.
   You've got a lot of White, middle class voters who are angry.
  You have a lot of black Democrats who aren't showing up.
  You have a lot of entrepreneurial Hispanics that are crossing over.
  And it's all sex of the Hispanics.
  It's not just the Florida Hispanics.
  It's also the Texas and the Southwest.
  So, you know, we're going to watch time zone to time zone and be able to predict and tell people on Infowars.com tomorrow what will actually happen in the following hour before any news breaks.
  That's right, it's such a revolutionary act for the millions of listeners listening now to say, hey, we're going to have real election coverage.
  It's in the ForbiddenInfoWars.com.
  On your email, on your text message, is the hardest for them to censor, or word of mouth.
  Everybody you know, tune in tomorrow.
  We've had sometimes double, triple, quadruple the audiences during these elections, and that's how we defeat the globalists in their attempt to suppress us.
   What do you make of Democrats simultaneously, Ali Alexander, great political analyst, have stopped the steal on one side saying anybody questioning elections is a fraud, it doesn't exist, they should go to jail, they're terrorists.
  But even Politico is saying the Republicans can steal the election.
  Democrats are now saying Republicans can steal the election.
  So this is real, real oxymoronic paradox they've created here.
  Yeah, I would welcome the far-left blog Politico, which was recently purchased by a right-wing billionaire.
  And frankly, he needs to start firing people.
  We need fair coverage at Politico, kind of like what they're doing at CNN, their cleaning house.
  But Politico wants to join the Stop the Steal coalition.
  They're warning that this election could be stolen.
   And I'm here to reject their application. Politico, we don't want you in the Stop
  the Steal coalition.
   This is a form of predictive programming. What they want to do is that they want
   to steal elections through the delay and they're gonna claim hack this and hack
   that. Why? Because the Biden administration gets to choose unlike you
  We should be aware of it.
   elections, but the federal government oversees all of the cybersecurity of those state elections.
   So imagine Biden's administration gets to say, well, we're going to wait three or four
   days on this Pennsylvania election and then Fetterman pulls it out by a point.
  I mean, this is total hogwash.
  We should be aware of it.
   In one of the upcoming segments, I actually want to break a little bit of news on what
  I expect the DOJ.
   I think the DOJ is setting up patriots and observers to entrap them.
   And so I think that this is a part of their coup by telling people, oh, they're going
   to hack elections and they want patriots to act stupid, but we're not going to act stupid.
  We're going to get the information out there.
  We're going to legally exercise all of our rights.
  And this is all just a predictive programming tactic to swing a couple of races their way.
  What do you make of the rhetoric now?
  I already covered it in the last few days, but I'm sure you've seen the clips.
  Lead Democrat in the House, Senator Pelosi, end of the world if Republicans are elected.
  MSNBC, they're going to put us in camps and kill our children.
  They're just everywhere saying end of the world, but then they're the ones bringing in the tyranny.
  I mean, I don't think anybody's going to buy this.
  They're acting completely hysterical.
  Oh, it's completely hysterical.
  Look, I went viral a couple of times because I was on some other shows and I said, when the Republicans take the majority, I want to see an unprecedented amount of criminal referrals to the DOJ.
  I want a Republican to get in the White House in 2025.
  And I want to send some Democrats to jail.
  Unfortunately, the Democrats won't meet us in the middle in a detente of sorts or under the doctrine of mutually assured destruction.
  Unfortunately, they're a bully.
  And you know what you got to do with the bully?
  You got to proverbially punch them in the nose.
  And that's what we got to do to the Democrats.
  And so they're the people who want to put us in camp.
  They're the people who are arresting us.
  They're the people who got you and me and all this legal debt.
  And they just want to stop us.
  They want to demoralize us.
  But we are merely... They're the ones surveilling us.
  They're the ones censoring us.
  Here's Michael Beschloss, the MSNBC resident historian.
  Look at this hysterical clip.
  A historian 50 years from now, if historians are allowed to write in this country, and if there are still free publishing houses and a free press, which I'm not certain of, but if that is true, a historian will say, what was at stake tonight and this week was the fact whether we will be a democracy in the future, whether our children will be arrested and conceivably killed.
  We're on the edge of a brutal authoritarian system, and it could be a week away.
  What do you make of statements like that?
  I mean, it's complete gaslighting.
  You know this too, Alex, is after the Citizens United decision, Hillary Clinton came out in favor of repealing and amending or repealing the First Amendment.
   So the Democrats literally want to repeal the First Amendment so that they can rewrite it so that they can write out some Well, I mean, exactly.
   money out of politics while keeping in 500 million dollars of union money
   election approaching a billion dollars quite frankly so they're anti first
   amendment they're the people during Obama's administration they locked up
   the press they spied on the press Cheryl Atkinson and James Rosen and by
   the administration completely hostile to the press I mean exactly anybody knows
   the censoring bullying attack dog group is the Democrats I mean it's just
  They're trying to bankrupt InfoWars!
  By the way, you got a big Kanye West story coming up as well, and so much more on the other side with Ali Alexander and phone calls.
  Greets everybody as well.
  Straight ahead, he's riding the shotgun with us for the rest of the broadcast.
  And tomorrow, 8 a.m., kicks off election coverage.
  Welcome back.
  To this eve of the election live coverage with myself Alex Jones and Ali Alexander and your calls coming up in mere minutes right through the next hour but there is a paradox here.
   The old global establishment, the big corrupt corporations The centralized crony capitalists, they're using liberalism, neoliberalism as their cover, as their operating system.
  And because the politicians they put in power get burned, they feel insulated.
  But overall, they are destroying their own future.
  And that really is the paradox.
   So, as good as it is, as good as it is that the establishment is in trouble, it's also very, very dangerous because As Ali said, he was on last week.
  The elite we have today was not the aristocratic elite we had before that had its own problems, but actually knew how to govern and manage and not destroy the planet, even if we disagreed with what their decisions were.
  This group is out of control.
  So we're at the end of a cycle.
  You have death and destruction, the collapse of a system, you have a rebirth, rebuilding, a golden age, massive expansion, decadence comes because of the largess and the wealth, then corruption sets in, extreme corruption, tyranny, mass oppression and death, and the cycle continues on and on.
  We've all seen the meme that bad times make strong men.
  Strong men make good times.
  Good times make weak men.
  Weak men make bad times.
  And the cycle goes on and on.
  But now we've got nuclear reactors and weapons and all this stuff where we really can't keep making these mistakes that have ended so many other civilizations in the past.
  It's an exact pattern.
  And so we look at their weakness, except now they're going to double down, double down, double down, and only get more insane.
  And you've got all these people that are domesticated getting paychecks from them, thinking defending the collapsing system will get them that little paycheck or that dole, when in the end if this continues, not even mainline economists, not even their own operatives, even their own economists say it's all coming to an end.
  So it's like a suicide pact they're part of, Ollie.
  Yeah, there's one last raid.
  I mean, I think that's what we're seeing in the Ukraine, the financing of the Ukraine civil war and also its conflict with Russia.
  I consider it basically two different conflicts is that you have American politicians and their family members doing one last bit of money laundering.
  It's the same thing that the CCP has set up in Hong Kong.
  They do all of their private banking in Hong Kong and the West.
  We do much of the same thing.
  And the American people are just starting to find out how corrupt our system is.
  How we scream about the same things that we accused, whether it was Soviet Russia or the CCP of, our politicians are engaged in many of the same things.
  And I appreciate you remembering that.
  It's kind of my thesis, it's my hypothesis that we are dealing with the grandchildren and great-grandchildren of kind of great, malevolent oligarchs, but they kind of still took care of the world.
   These guys, they're, you know, I call them the bastards.
  They're really just the bastards.
  You might want to believe that, but I think that we're converging.
  We're ending a 100-year cycle.
  We're ending either a 300-year or a 500-year cycle, and it's this perfect convergence of doom, but this is also where great men are born.
   We think about the Christian church that became the universal covenant for the entire world
  and Christendom set the standards for the entire world.
  It abolished child sacrifice around the world.
  It abolished cannibalism around the world.
  It raised the standards and literacy rate around the world.
   And in a lot of ways, you wouldn't have had Christendom if you did not birth the Christian
  church through persecution.
  So through our persecution now, we will be stronger patriots.
   We will equip a generation of humanity, frankly, to hopefully resist evil for a thousand years.
   So what can we do to try to mitigate the collapse of this corrupt, decadent, retarded aristocracy?
  
  Well, yeah, I think that we need to build in levies with our families and our personal.
  So, you know, I'm buying books.
  I'm buying things that aren't grid dependent.
  I've purchased, you know, food storage to make sure that I'm secure in that way.
  I've got a water filtration system.
   I mean, these are real things because, again, let's say that you don't believe that this is a criminal conspiracy to deprive Free men and free women of their liberty, or to coax us into pumping up the war economy.
  Let's just say that they're bad managers.
  We're going to see, we're already seeing it in our infrastructure, we're going to see failures during our lifetime.
  Whether there's a war, there's not.
  And so I think that the first thing we've got to do is we've got to be safe.
  We've got to be safe, we've got to stay knowledgeable, we've got to stay in the word of God, and we've got to stay connected.
  In a lot of ways, this all began when they attacked our communications.
  That's why they fear us being on Twitter.
  That's why they fear us being on Facebook.
  Because when we're communicating what time it is, we're more prepared and they need us to suffer.
   When you go back and you research the Great Depression, you'll see that there were already PSYOPs
   involving claims about the weather that don't seem to actually pan out.
   What it seems is that there was some government intervention
   and that the government gaslighted the people into doubling down on debt instruments and central planning
  and getting away from demand-based markets.
  How did humans go thousands and thousands of years of tilling the land?
  And then suddenly, you know, our government needs to tell us, you know, to give the land a rest.
  I mean, it's it's a silly notion when you really think about it.
  So we're at Rick.
  Like you said, you know, out of chaos, they want order.
  And they have got to shove us into chaos because we're not naturally prone to do that.
  I think people naturally aren't racist.
  People naturally love their neighbor.
  Yes, our human nature is wrathful and murderous and, you know, we cuss and we spit and we kick.
  But generally speaking, we don't scale up our evil, how our government has done.
  And we saw that, right?
  The governments of the world killed over 100 million people in the past century.
  And that was just through communism.
  So, you know, forget war outside of that.
  I want to jam some calls in and continue to the next hour, but later in the next hour, you've got a big Kanye analysis, censorship analysis you're going to get to, and more on the election.
  Ali Alexander is our guest.
  He'll be in studio with us tomorrow night with an amazing raft of some of the biggest brains out there as we track this election.
  We're on to 2-3 in the morning, but the Democrats have already announced the battleground states.
   They're going to keep it open with their mail-in ballots, so get ready for the same steal Good afternoon, Alex.
  Hey, Ali.
  Nice to talk to you.
  Joy Reid got it wrong on purpose.
  She's gaslighting everybody.
  And you know they're gaslighting when they use the word right as punctuation with a question mark.
  Every sentence ends with right.
  So she's clearly trying to persuade people into believing that the word inflation is somehow a new word.
  Thomas Jefferson used it 230 years ago and warned about how inflation and deflation will be used to take our property from us and the banks will rule the world and we'll be homeless.
  We'll wake up homeless on the continent our forbearers conquered.
  Correct.
  So, I mean, it's not a good workplace.
  Oh, no, no, no.
  Water doesn't exist.
  Men and women don't exist.
  It's all the same.
  Of course it's a talking point.
  Of course she's gaslighting.
  I'd like to say it's a racist term Republicans invented.
  She's insulting her viewers.
  You guys wouldn't know you're getting gouged on prices if the Republicans hadn't taught you that word.
  As if the word is the thing.
  They're at war with words.
  As energy goes up in price, it doesn't matter how much they raise the interest rate, we're still going to have runaway inflation.
  So what's happening in Europe... That's right.
  You said it.
  Food and energy, which is all energy, both energy for humans and energy for machines, is the real benchmark of inflation.
   and what's happening in Europe because the Nord Stream pipeline was broken.
   All these energy, liquid, natural gas tankers are sitting offshore waiting for the price
   to go up instead of delivering it because there's no storage.
   The tankers are just sitting, 30 of them are just sitting there in the channel and waiting
  When Biden blames the energy companies, says it's their fault, no, they're just piggybacking on the crisis.
  And again, I'm not even defending oil companies.
  The big ones have been behind Biden shutting down all the wildcatters, which were helping drive demand and actually opening up supply.
  So again, it is the oil companies with Biden.
  The oil companies, the big ones, openly fund the green movement.
  They want to create artificial scarcity.
  That's just the market at work right now.
  Yeah, that's how it's going to happen.
  It's disgusting.
  But remember Biden a year ago tried to blame gas stations?
  All gas stations lose money on gas.
  They make like 20 cents a gallon.
  That's what brings you to the store to buy the beer and the lottery ticket and the honey bun.
  But now he's moved on actually to the oil companies blaming them.
  That's just preposterous.
  The merchant is hardly the capitalist in the issue.
  The merchant is just trying to make a living.
  It's the people that are financing.
  Yeah, the merchant is the final deliverer of the product and they get the smallest piece.
  Alright.
  You got it.
  Anything else, Jefferson?
  You're a smart guy.
  Anything else?
  No, no.
  That's it for now.
  Thank you.
  Bad.
  20 seconds.
  What's your prediction for the midterms tomorrow?
  Well, I'm afraid they're going to blatantly steal it and see if we're willing to fight them on it.
  I think that's where they're going to go.
  I totally agree.
  That's why Biden said don't be violent.
  Don't be violent because they're going to steal it.
  I think at least try to and then blow stuff up and blame us.
  We'll get Ali Alexander's take on that in two minutes.
  We come back.
  Thank you, Jefferson.
  Badass caller and a bunch of other calls coming up.
  Adrian and.
  Jeremy.
  And Timothy, your calls are all coming up.
  
   I am extremely honored to be seen by the globalists as their number one enemy.
   I am blessed to know that our information is so hardcore The enemies of humanity are obsessed with silencing us.
  They know the truth about their globalist operations is exposed.
  It's game over.
  And all over the planet, humanity is awakening and peacefully fighting back.
  And our main tool is free speech and the truth we promote using free speech.
  That's why when you share articles and videos from Man.Video or Infowars.com or Newswars.com, it changes the world.
  And that's why when you go to Infowarsstore.com and get amazing products that empower you and your body and your immune system and that of your family, you're also empowering the tip of the spear in the fight against the globalists.
  The fight starts at Infowars.com and the support of the fight starts at Infowarsstore.com.
  God bless and thank you all for your support.
  We're taking your phone calls right now.
  Bottom of the hour, he's got some big election news and also Kanye West news.
  We're going to be covering Adrian in Maine.
  You're on the air.
  Hey Alex, how's it going?
  I'm talking to you.
  I'm still above ground, so I'm doing okay, brother.
  Man, it's great to hear from you, as always, and from Maine to your bunker.
   I just want to say that The globalists are screaming their heads off, and the blood-red wave hides behind the elevator doors, just like Gregg Reese had predicted.
  I think there's a lot of symbology that needs to be reckoned with, and these globalists are running for cover, and they're scared.
  I agree with you, but that's what makes them so dangerous is they're now using heavy weapons, U.S.
  long-range missiles to blow up Russian dams and stuff, and this is getting, this is getting, this is getting out of control.
  So as weak as they are, that's, in the old days, empires just died.
  Now they can blow the planet up.
  Ollie, you got any comments on that before Adrian gives us his take?
  That's absolutely right, that they are more dangerous than they've ever been because they're incompetent, and they're feral, and you've got the smartest audience, Alex, they're calling in.
  I think that Jefferson also nailed it when he talked about this pacing and leading tactic, right?
  This is neuro-linguistic programming, and we talked about it earlier in your show, predictive programming.
  So we know something bad is coming, but it sounds like patriots and believers are standing up and we're aware of it.
  We're not going to fall into their traps this time.
  Absolutely.
  Anything else, Adrian?
  Yeah, if they get accountable, we can forgive them.
  I appreciate your call.
  Let me hit that.
  This is a short segment.
  Some stations join us.
  We'll go back to calls.
  Ollie, I love Trump.
  And you know, I love the fact he controlled the border, stood up to China, pissed off the globalists.
  I mean, he did so many great things.
  Legalized telephonic medicine.
  I mean, there's just thousands of things.
  He's the real deal.
  But when he's pigheaded, he never goes back.
  So they couldn't control him because he was so bullheaded.
  But then on the vaccine, you've got the head of the CDC and Fauci backtracking on it now, but Trump won't.
  And what is your take on that?
  My take is that I wouldn't bet against Alex Jones on this issue, and I've said that, and I think that you took a very courageous stance this summer, and I think that Trump would be wise to get ahead of this.
  We're watching it all across the press.
  I just watched another runner yesterday totally collapse after the vaccine.
  People are dying from this vaccine.
  There's no doubt about it.
  And that there have been brave voices that were ahead on this issue, and I thought, well, maybe they're half right.
  And then I was like, well, maybe they're 60% right.
  Maybe they're 70% right.
  It's looking like brave patriots and these doctors and these researchers might have been 90% right or might have been 100% right.
   Trump needs to lay Operation Warp Speed where it belongs, and that's at Mike Pence's Mike Pence is the person who chaired all the meetings for Operation Warp Speed.
  He's the one who actually got the briefings.
  They went to Trump and said, well, this is what we want you to do, and we're unanimous in our decision.
  And Trump did co-sign it.
  But the underlying research, the underlying math, the math that they weren't doing, the definitions that were changing, Donald Trump didn't have an active role in that day-to-day.
  And I think that he's pigheaded.
  Alex, I think that you're trying to help him out.
  I think it's not just a moral stance, but I think it's also a political stance.
  I think if I were him, I would start, you know, kind of creating a wedge on this issue.
  But he's also got to balance that with the fact that 66% of Republicans have had one jab, Alex.
  So he's got kind of this thing that he has to balance.
   Well, if he says he got conned by, as you said, the guy that ran it, Fauci, and the National Security Council, and the rest of them, then people are going to understand But if they don't, then he's going to be totally saddled with it.
  All right, we'll be right back with Ali Alexander and your phone calls.
  Infowars.com.
  Tomorrow's news today.
  And I mentioned that National Security Council takeover.
  We're going to be getting to that as well.
  Stay with us.
  Ali Alexander is our guest.
  A ton of news and big breaking stories with him at the bottom of the hour.
  We're taking phone calls right now.
  But Ali.
  So much happening as this midterm unfolds.
  Other facets of the midterms that you're looking at.
  I mean, just gut level, what do you expect to see tomorrow?
  So Alex, I'm of the opinion that the national security state, the perma state, the deep state, whatever we want to call it, the bureaucratic state, is actually going to give the GOP the majority.
  I think they want to have us in the majority as they kind of collapse the world.
  And so imagine this, you have a Speaker McCarthy and maybe a Majority Leader McConnell, or maybe not, maybe it's a 50-50 Senate still, and then boom, we're in World War III, or boom, there's a false flag in Ukraine.
  Well, then Kevin McCarthy can't shut down the government.
  Then he can't, you know, threaten the debt ceiling or anything else like that.
  And so these tools, the deep state actually wants to cuck and limit what the GOP's response is going to do.
  They learned from our 2010 victory that we can slow down the government, that we can actually make some cuts, even with RINOs in control.
  But Kevin McCarthy and Mitch McConnell are effectively going to be counter signaling Trump while he's running.
  The Republican establishment is going to be baiting the Biden DOJ to indict Trump and the Biden DOJ is going to be simultaneously impeached with Merrick Garland.
   Merrick Garland is going to end up getting impeached and so I think that this is all the strategic positioning It's two wings of the same dove, unfortunately.
  And I'm not somebody, you know, I've worked a lot in politics and become more of an activist in the past few years trying to give the information to the people so we could take back our government.
  After I saw the corruption from the inside.
  And that doesn't mean there's not a red wave.
  It doesn't mean they're going to try to dampen it.
  But absolutely, the public has such a short attention span, they're going to blame Republicans for the stock market crash and the diesel running out and everything that happens right after the midterms.
  Regardless, we're about to be on a roller coaster.
  An absolute rollercoaster.
  And remember this, the Ohio and the Michigan delegations, they voted for the bailouts and they voted for the auto bailout.
  So, you know, it's very, very difficult to keep the caucus together, to keep it conservative, to keep it toward limited government and towards liberty when you have a national crisis.
  And a lot of people think that we're electing in a bunch of America firsters.
  Folks, I'm here to tell you, I mean, I'm not trying to black pill anyone, as they say.
  I don't want anyone to lean into despair.
  But in 2010, we had really more small business owners, more patriots going into Congress the next year than we really have this year.
  There are a lot of candidates that brand themselves as America first.
  But aren't.
  We still have some heroes like Paul Gosar and other people, but it's an uphill fight and it's going to require that we hold our leaders accountable in this new majority because the deep state is absolutely setting them up with a false flag, with a crisis, and it's going to affect the entire world.
  And we're going to have to stand on our principal positions and say, we're not going to move to the CBDCs.
  We're not going to move to the Mark of the Beast.
  We're not going to move to digital IDs.
  And that's totally what they're planning.
  That's right, and here's the paradox.
  The world is awakening.
  We are winning intellectually, culturally, spiritually, but the empire is about to strike back.
  Let's go to calls.
  The order there received.
  Let's go ahead and talk to Timothy in North Carolina.
  You're on the air with Ali Alexander.
  Hey, greetings, Alex.
  Ali, you got me there?
  Yes, sir.
  Good to talk to you.
  I'm the creative director for the Real Dr. Judy campaigns, working for Dr. Judy Mikovits.
  I don't know if you can pull that up.
  She's an amazing lady.
  We love her.
  Yeah, well, pull up, have your production people pull up the Real Dr. Judy campaigns.
  What we're doing is igniting the print-it-yourself, P.I.Y.
   revolution, really how to outflank disinformation, gaslighting, At the street level where people can actually print the posters and put them up and put it right in the face of everyone.
  And I think this is something that Ali is going to like for political movements, but also Infomor is going to like for, you know, getting the word out.
  So I wanted you guys to see that.
  I totally agree.
  Everybody should be putting posters up for whatever they think is most important.
  Websites, you name it.
  Everybody should be engaging in the third dimension.
  Online is important.
  Talk radio is great.
  Going to city councils is great.
  Anywhere you can, but also posters and business cards.
  It's so important.
  People are so hungry for the truth right now.
  Yeah, just go to The Real Dr. Judy Campaigns right now.
  Show your audience what we're doing.
  We put up nine major campaigns about infertility.
  It's going to rock your face.
  No, it's beautiful, sir.
  Thank you for the call.
  Let's go to Jeremy in Ohio.
  You're on the air.
  Go ahead, Jeremy.
  Alex and Allie, nothing but love for you brothers.
   I've been seeing all over social media It says that democracy is on the ballot, and they truly believe that.
  They want the democracy.
  They want to get rid of that Constitution.
  Yeah, 51% could vote to put the other 49% in a death camp.
  We're not a democracy, we're a republic.
  Exactly.
  They want mob rule.
  Well, they've been slicing and stabbing at our Constitution and our Bill of Rights for the last hundred years, and they believe, when they inaugurated that puppet, that they put the death blow and that the Constitution is on life support.
  Well, I got nothing.
  And that's why they said if he gets removed, quote, the world ends.
  They mean their world.
  Their world, yeah.
  And they want that democracy, Alex.
  They're telling us what they want.
  It's in the name of their party.
  I mean, we know who they are.
  But yet, they still just lie and lie and lie.
  And if they win, they're going to pass all these election laws and everything is going to be stolen.
  Nothing's going to change.
  Biden has promised that.
  To let illegals vote everything and have nothing but mail-in ballots.
  You're right.
   And if we don't win this election, It is going to be the battle of our life.
  For our life.
  Because now they'll have the Presidency and the Congress.
  The DOJ, obviously.
  They're so tainted that you can't trust them.
  And that will endorse and green light all the criminal activity they've been involved in.
  I totally agree with you.
  Exactly.
  I just wanted to make a statement.
  We've got to take them at their word.
  They tell us what they're going to do.
  Listen to them, people.
  Stop being ignorant and listen to what they're telling you.
  They're telling you they're going to steal the election.
  They want the democracy.
  They're going to take away your rights.
  You're going to be nothing but a number.
  They're going to throw you in a FEMA camp if you don't comply.
  We all know that's going to happen.
  And it's time for the patriots to stand up.
  Even if we lose, we can't accept it.
  We got to keep digging.
  All right, Jeremy.
  Incredible points.
  Ali, you're taking on what Jeremy said.
  Yeah, he's absolutely right.
  I think that everyone needs to participate.
  Whether you believe that elections are legitimate or not, we owe it.
  Our declaration talks about, Jefferson outlines, that we must suffer tyranny for our time.
  So it's not that we meet tyranny and we instantly go to arms.
  It's that we must suffer, we must build the moral case, we must make it obvious, God will make it obvious to a population.
  Those are the committees of correspondence.
  For a decade before the Revolutionary War, we labored under tyranny.
  Yes, and so we are under tyranny and we are laboring.
  We are getting this information out online and offline, and people need to participate in this election.
  If it's not a candidate who voted to impeach Trump, or it's not a candidate who denies that the election was stolen, or it's not a candidate that you feel is satanic and running under an R label, then you owe it to the Republic to give her a fighting chance.
  Folks, I've got to tell you, it's going to get more difficult in January.
  We're going to have weekly calls to actions, and we're going to have to hold our party accountable in their oversight over the federal government, and we need to send people to jail.
  Period.
  We need to rein in the bad cops.
  We need to encourage the good cops.
  We need more whistleblowers to come out.
  Exactly.
  We don't go to sleep when the Republicans win a majority if they can get over the fraud.
  The real war starts then.
  We have got to be fully engaged now.
  I'm going to be the biggest pain in the ass of Kevin McCarthy for 2023 and 2024.
  I agree.
  The main enemy is the Republican leadership after this victory, and we have it.
  They're the ones we've got to hold their feet to the fire.
  They are, and when we think about it, it's also spiritual, right?
  It's like we know the enemies, we know the non-believers.
  What's worse?
  An apostate, a betrayer, a Judas.
  And essentially we have to prevent, I mean Mitch McConnell, he's already a Judas, but we have to encourage McCarthy, come more our way, be a hero, be a legend in all of history.
  Because if you go to your natural inclination, which is the establishment, we will burn you at the stake politically.
  In a non-violent way.
  Ollie, where's the best place, we're gonna come back with you in calls, but where's the best place to find all the censored info you're covering?
  Telegram, Ali Alexander on Telegram.
  You know, it's basically uncensored.
  I'm also on Gab and Parler under Ali, just A-L-I on Gab and Parler.
  And I can't wait to have my Twitter account back because it's the same username, Ali.
  And as we take more calls, we're going to get into Twitter and what's happening with Elon Musk and Ye and so much more.
  We'll be right back.
  Stay with us.
  We are blasting through your calls on this special live broadcast, November 7th, 2022 Monday, tomorrow 8am with the great Harrison Smith, but myself, Steve Bannon, Ali Alexander, Robert Barnes, Darren Beatty, so many other big guests.
  Tomorrow, right through midnight, right through covering the midterm elections, your election center, InfoWars.com, InfoWars.com, forward slash show, inbound on video.
  And please, be part of the rebellion when people are looking for the truth.
  Share the links to InfoWars.com, forward slash show, today and tomorrow.
  The people can tune in for real, accurate analysis of what's happening.
  The real election center, InfoWars.com.
  Let's go to Steve in Florida.
  Steve, you're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Hey, good afternoon.
  First of all, I want to say that I am addressing the Alexander and Alexander AA Energizer Battery Assault on the Deep State DC Power Trip.
  How's that?
  Whatever you said, it sounds cool.
  Alright, now Alex, the reason I called in, I wanted to talk about, you know, the last month or so, because of the situation in Ukraine with Russia, you've been talking about the threat of nuclear war.
  Well, I want to say that the real nuclear meltdown is about to hit tomorrow on election day.
  Now, let me explain.
  Back in September of 2022, I called it or 2020.
  I called into your show.
  And I said there is not going to be an election in November.
  Now, the way I thought that was going to pan out didn't happen.
  I thought that, you know, Antifa, Black Lives Matter was going to scare people away from the polls.
  I was wrong about that.
  But anybody that thinks that we had an election on November 3rd is not paying attention because that wasn't an election.
  I won't even call it a steal.
  It was a coup, as you know.
  So what I want to say is this.
   Jim Haft, Has an article on the Gateway Pundit yesterday, and it's about RNC Chair Rhonda McDaniel, who spoke on this show on CNN called The State of the Union, or as I like to call it, The Deep State of the Union.
  But she's basically saying that when the Republicans, if they take control of Congress, they're going to work with Joe Biden.
   Now, we've got a lot of great people running, like Carrie Lake, right here, Rhonda Santus, And many others.
  But the thing is, is that I see a Trojan horse within the Republican Party.
  So what I'm saying is that don't get too excited.
  I'm not trying to throw a blanket on the parade.
  No, no, no.
  Listen, listen.
  We've been harping on this, Steve.
  We've still got the neocons.
  We've still got the rhinos, the country club Republicans.
  But more and more patriot Republicans, Trumpists, are taking over.
  The Republican Party.
  We absolutely know that's why we need a big new coalition or a new caucus in the House and the Senate of Patriots that will use their bully pulpit.
  We totally agree with you.
  You're preaching to the choir.
  Thanks for the call.
  Ollie?
  Yeah, I mean, you know, it's absolutely right.
  What we are fighting for in this election is to give America a fighting chance.
  We are on life support, and we are just trying to stabilize, okay?
  And so that's what we're trying to do.
  And then we've got a whole nother fight.
  In fact, we've got two different fights coming up.
  You just said that 20 minutes ago.
  You just said that 20 minutes ago as the last hour was ending.
  You said the big fight's the Republicans.
  It's absolutely.
  And I can't stress it enough.
  I've never seen anything in my career coming up what's coming up in 2023.
  2023 will decide whether America lives or dies.
  No joke.
  And I'll tell people a story is that, you know, Congressman Gosar filed in the House.
  You can start caucuses, as you were astutely pointing out, Alex, and he started the America First Caucus.
  And it was other conservatives that sabotaged them because they wanted to work more with leadership, whereas Congressman Gosar wanted there to be a pure caucus because our House Freedom Caucus has watered down.
  And the House Freedom Caucus was originally an alternative to the Republican Study Committee, which was the conservative alternative to the general caucus.
  So everything is about these beachheads, populist Republicans, and backing them and keeping them true.
  Let's go to Patriot in Texas.
  Patriot, I'm here with Ali Alexander.
  Hey, how's it going, Jones and Oli?
  Good, go ahead.
  All right, I was going to talk about the red wave.
  I think it's a big trap.
  I think a lot of people see it, but we have such an allegiance to our sides, which is blue versus red.
   Many of your guests like Daley or Kate Daley and that guy that reviews the books and All of them kind of see this coming.
  Your previous caller mentioned it as well.
  I mean, the deep state isn't going to attack red states by going through the Democrats because they know these conservatives aren't going to vote.
  For the Democrats, but they're going to go in rogue and prop up all the Republicans and a lot of those people are... But here's the paradox.
  They wouldn't be trying to steal elections and demonizing the Republicans if that wasn't our victory point.
  Obviously we need to get quality Republicans that are populist, pro-human, anti-global selected and we're doing more and more of that.
  So I get it's not a perfect solution, but there's not a perfect solution in this.
  Does that make sense?
  Yes, example would be Oz versus Spetterman.
  We're so concentrated on Oz versus Spetterman, but they're both equally bad.
  One is like a Biden dementia guy, and then Oz is pro-vaccine, pro-lockdown, pro-tyranny, and he's not even pro-life, really, because he can't decide on that.
   Meanwhile, we got Kathy Barnett, who's you know was in the prelims with her why don't we all
   just vote her in and write her in there's another alternative here. Here's a
   paradox they take care of you like she's been liberal years ago on some
   issues but now she's woken up if her constituents are behind we put pressure on
   her she'll do what we want so we can't always think just because somebody like
   you know the famous Democrat who's been anti-nuclear war and just let
   the Democratic Party Tulsi Gabbards
  I think she's for real.
  I think she's woken up.
  I think she's coming over.
  She's showing it.
  So when we start winning, we can't see defections to our side as if they're automatically our enemy.
  We've got to get them in and see what they do.
  Does that make sense?
  Yes, but Tulsi Gabbard is a global world leader, too.
  I know, and Vladimir Putin went to it, too, because he was a KGB spy spying on him.
  What I'm saying is you judge a tree by its fruits.
  Tulsi did go to that.
  They get all the leaders to go to that.
  So Trudeau's obviously on board with it.
  Others are on board with it, but that's what I'm saying.
   Just because she went to that We have to judge her on saying, I'm against this war, I'm not a warmonger, and how she's waking up.
  That's what I'm trying to paradox here, Patriot.
  Let me go back to Ali.
  Ali, do you see my point here?
  We've got to give people a chance to come over to our side.
  Yeah, I think it's about integrity, and like you said, there's a biblical doctrine about this.
  We will know them by their fruits.
  And so we don't need to judge people, we need to discern their output.
  The Pharisees and the Sadducees, they were judging the input.
  They were trying to judge the heart, which only God can do.
  But we here on Earth, we don't have that pressure.
  We only need to judge the output and, you know, let the wins be the wins and the losses be the losses.
  So I look at Carrie Lake and I got to tell you, I know some of her incoming staff and they are the best patriots in the country.
  She's going to be a remarkable governor.
  She has high integrity.
  Chelsea Gabbard, I know her personal friends.
  You know, one of her closest friends from Hawaii, and she's a high integrity individual.
  Now, Dr. Oz, I gotta tell you, I won't support him.
  I think that he's the worst of the worst.
  Oh, he's a synthetic scumbag.
  So do we let Fetterman get in and be a joke?
  Or do we put Oz in and it becomes a paradox?
  Yeah, it's a paradox, but I think that this is a rich American tradition where you consult, you pray to the Holy Spirit, and whatever God convicts you to do, you do in that race.
  But these other races like Carrie Lake, it's pretty clear, all patriots got to back her.
  And if God says you need to back Oz, then back Oz.
  If he says you don't, well then don't.
  Yeah, it's up to you folks, it really is.
  We gotta give people a chance to come over to our side.
  Look, the globalists, the left, they've never been held accountable, that's why they're doing all this.
  That's why they trial these things, even if most of it fails, because why shouldn't they?
  So look, are the Republicans perfect?
  The majority of callers are like, I don't like Republicans, and they're not perfect.
  So the Democrats are trying to suppress your vote, they're trying to steal from you, because the Republican Party is one of the best hopes politically to block what they're doing.
  That's why they stabbed Bolsonaro, it's why they're doing all this.
  We're getting popular selection everywhere.
  We can get people elected, we put pressure on them, or we have a civil war.
  And I'm trying to fix that before we get to that point.
  Ali Alexander, let's get into the censorship, the Twitter takeover, what Elon Musk is really doing.
  A lot of folks are mad they've not been reinstated yet.
  I mean, obviously it takes time to take control of something like this.
   Your take on that, and then this exclusive, it was known Saturday that he had a tweet taken down, former known as Kanye West.
  I talked to him, he said no.
  He said, I've been suspended seven days for saying, calling somebody a nanny semite is the new n-word.
  And so that was an exclusive InfoWars.com article.
  We'll get to that as well.
  So which one of those two big points you want to tackle first?
  Yeah, I want to start with the Ye story.
  I think it's very interesting.
  So, you know, people know me as a friend of InfoWars.
  People know me as a stop the steal guy.
   And people may or may not know that I also did some consulting, not paid consulting, but Jack Dorsey, the former Twitter CEO and the guy who invented the protocol, used to call me and text me and try to get a right wing perspective when his team, his, you know, heartbeat team, I would want to censor people.
   Very famously, there's a Wall Street Journal article that pointed out that the team tried
  to suspend you, I believe in September of whatever year.
   You called me and said I'm going to call Jack, get you back on.
  You did.
  Yeah.
  And so and so, you know, we tried to try it.
   And eventually when you got kicked off, it was because he couldn't take any of the pressure.
  Now people are kind of learning the pressures that Jack was under because everyone thinks that he's just this left-wing hippie and I always tell people behind the scenes Jack is red-pilled but on the left.
   Jack and I don't agree about 80% of our politics but you know what he will listen, he wants to discern, he wants to see another perspective and you know we got a lot of patriots to stay on longer than they did and eventually I think That's right.
  He was the last holdout when Big Tech lined up against me.
  Absolutely.
  That's absolutely true.
  And so what's interesting here is that Elon has gotten rid of most of those people, but there's a couple of holdovers.
  And what Ye is doing is Ye tweeted out, he took a screenshot of somebody else who was another black person who was kind of giving their analysis of what they were culturally seeing over the past four weeks.
  And it said, I'm starting to think anti-Semitic means nigger.
  And, you know, the way that I've approached this issue is I don't want my white friends to use the n-word.
  But I'm black.
  If I want to use the n-word, I'm going to use the n-word, and I'll use it in a journalistic perspective like I just did now.
  I said the n-word, but I was using it to quote someone, or I might be with my friends and I might say, nigga, you know, and not hard r. And that's perfectly reasonable.
  It's accepted in society, and everybody does.
   And so all Ye did was transcribe The image of somebody else's analysis on what was going on, we call this a meta-critique, and Ye is a genius.
  And so he puts this out there, and then boom, what happens?
  Some of the holdovers at Twitter's safety team, which fortunately Elon Musk got rid of over 90% of the staffers on the safety team.
  I mean, it's an Orwellian name.
  What is the safety team?
  It's a censorship team.
  And unfortunately, I'm here to tell you that look at the policy on hateful conduct.
  It actually states this, quote, some tweets may appear to be hateful when viewed in isolation, but may not be when viewed in the context of a larger conversation.
  For example, members of a protected category may refer to each other using terms that are typically considered as slurs.
  This points out that Elon needs to immediately restore Ye's account today because Yo Roth, who is leading the safety team, took a black man down for using a black term that's commonly used in the black community.
  And frankly, that's racist, which is illustrating Ye's point.
  He does not want to be policed on his identity.
  He doesn't want to police Jewish people on their identity.
  But that's what I got from it.
  That's what I got from it was he's saying the new way to block or censor a black man that isn't following political correctness is calling it anti-Semite.
  That's the new N-word for a black person is to do what they're supposed to.
  And again, I don't use the N-word.
  I don't want to hurt people's feelings, but I don't think somebody should be censored whether black or white if they use it.
  We can all make judgments and say what we want about it.
  But exactly, it's been kosher because black folks took a derogatory term, turned it around into a power word.
  Right.
  He is a Christian.
  He affirms that hate, Jesus said, is murder.
   it but now he didn't call somebody an n-word he didn't call a white person or a black person that
   he said your new n-word is anti-semitic which is true and that's why they took it down.
   Right he is a christian he affirms that hate Jesus said is murder it's akin to murder
  yea is not a bigot.
  He's not racist, which is a term invented by the left, but Ye is not a racist.
  Ye has affirmed that Jewish people are special, Jewish people are intelligent.
  Ye's even said, I think I'm a part of one of these tribes of the Jewish people.
  Which is Kyrie Irving at the same time.
  The ADL says, just go to re-education, do all this, and can't say he believes he's Jewish.
  Yeah, and I gotta tell you, Alex, you know, I'm working on an article that I'm going to release on Wednesday, and maybe I'll publish it if you'll let me at Infowars.com, but the people are with these men, and this really worries me.
  Well, that's the big news, is it's backfiring.
  Kyrie Irving, Ye West, it's not working.
  So what is the Renamob, the left, just using the ADL to call everybody Nazis?
  How's that gonna work out?
  It's not going to go well at all, and this is where patriotic Jewish people need to stand against these ethnic supremacy groups, these Jewish supremacy groups like ADL, like BLM, like the NAACP, like the Color of Change.
  All of these groups are about seizing political power through division.
   And I want you to elaborate on that, because instead of having debates about issues, The left has gone full racial identity while saying conservative whites are all racist.
  They're using race politics just like they did in the Civil War, Democratic Party again.
  I mean, they really are using classic Hitlerian tactics while calling us Hitler.
  Yeah, they're trapping us in a dialectic.
  The KGB did the same thing.
  They came into America.
  They funded much of the civil rights movement.
  Did that mean that the civil rights movement was bad?
  No, but it meant that there were bad apples, subversive apples, and they used the dialectic to divide us instead of uniting us.
   And frankly, this is why Malcolm X ended up denouncing his own strategy and saw that the only way was through a southern, black, A pastor, a Christian pastor, MLK Jr.
  And so what Ye is doing is much more in the light of MLK, although it has a little of Malcolm X in it because, you know, Ye's from Chicago and they've got that Chicago energy.
  But this is the only path forward when the Jew, when the white, when the Asian, when the black have self-determination.
  And that's all that Kyrie Irving is asking for.
  Exactly.
  We should not be under groups.
  Look, it's true that the Spanish and the Portuguese and the English and everybody ran slave ships, so did the Arabs, so did the Muslims, so did the blacks, selling the people.
  Everybody's got ancestors that were involved in the slave trade.
  The idea that he can't put a link out that mentions Jews involved, which is a historic record in the slave trade, the damn Old Testament's all about slavery.
   So I don't understand how that's anti-Semitic to point out that a bunch of Jews, including Solomon, intermarried with Ethiopian wives, and Israel accepts black Jews!
  So how is it anti-Semitic to say there's black Jews?
  That's a historic fact!
  It blows my mind, but it is a progression of the left, right?
  They introduced this word for what would seem like national or ethnic strife, which is normal and native to humans.
  They said racist.
  Well, then 50 years later, they migrate that word to systemic racism.
  And now it's a power dynamic.
  And that's why they really hate Ye, because Ye wore a shirt that said White Lives Matter.
  And he was reaching his hand across a coalition of people who haven't been able to say, well, we're a plurality of the United States, but we're being marginalized in the media.
  Yeah.
  And what Ye wants, I think, is basically this racial summit where every tribe and every people can self-identify.
  Well, that's what Martin Luther King said is, one day when our children are on a mountain together and all loving each other, not looking at what color they are, but what they stand for, and it's because he reached across the table, the left wants to own black people and create racial division.
  Yeah, well I know that Elon occasionally sees Infowars clips and I think that everyone needs to clip this and put this in Elon's tweets because Twitter violated its own hateful conduct policy to police a black man using a black term and this is racist.
  This is the new anti-Semitism.
  I agree.
  Come back and do a two-minute, 18-second rant for Twitter for Elon.
  We are back live, back to Ali Alexander, your phone calls here in just a moment.
  But a new video's come out.
  From Lawn Mower News, Bill Clinton confronted at a rally he held with Representative Collier in Laredo about his alleged connections to child trafficking and Jeffrey Epstein.
  I think the answer is clear.
  Yeah, they're not releasing the names of Jeffrey Epstein's clients.
  None of that's coming out.
  No fines for them, but a billion bucks for me.
  That shows you who they are.
  Here's the clip.
  
  There you go, ladies and gentlemen.
  Let the people know, and we're not going away, and we're not stopping.
  I want to go to Mike in Texas and others, but Ali Alexander, great political analyst.
  You talked about getting a message to Elon Musk.
  Do a little two-minute rant for Twitter that folks can clip out and send to Elon about the situation with Ye.
  Yeah, I think it's clear.
  I think Elon, you need to enforce your own current hateful conduct policy.
  The hateful conduct policy does not police black people from using black terms.
  Ye, formerly known as Kanye West, a friend of yours, Elon, did not use any derogatory term in which warranted this seven-day suspension.
  He said, I'm starting to think anti-Semitic means nigger.
   This was a move of solidarity And that some people are being treated just like black people are being treated with that slur.
  The black community, in a very genius move, appropriated this word, took over this word, and now culturally uses it.
  Again, the hateful conduct policy says, quote, some tweets may appear to be hateful when viewed in isolation.
  But may not be viewed in the context of a larger conversation.
  What was that larger conversation?
  That was Ye quoting somebody else's tweet.
  He screenshot the tweet.
  And notice he's saying it's not a good thing to use.
  He's going to use double-edged sword to demonize groups.
  And he's understanding that.
  And then they were scared of the tweet because it would make sense to people.
  So the censors that Elon hasn't gotten rid of, they came in to shut it down.
  Exactly.
  So this is important that Elon stand firm, because if Ye has to serve out a seven day sentence, okay, if Ye is in a mental Twitter prison, a free thought prison past the election, that's rigging the election.
  That's not letting black people self identify.
  And it's not letting a solidarity come between the Jewish people and the black people and white people and saying, none of us are niggers.
  None of us are niggers.
  And so, you know, we've got to be able to say what we want for our communities.
  The Jewish people can use their own terms.
  Black people can use our own terms.
  White people should also be allowed to use their own terms.
  And it's completely illegitimate.
  So we need to lift Ye's seven-day suspension.
  And frankly, we need to elevate Ye.
  We need to promote Ye.
  And we need to give him his new username, Ye, on Twitter.
  Do it, Elon.
  All right.
  Let's talk to Mike in Texas.
  Mike, you're on the air.
   Hey guys I just want to say I think we all need to be on super high alert status as we approach this election and the reason why is DOJ has already said they're going after Trump immediately after this election which probably means an arrest and what I'm getting at is once they steal this election they're probably going to like start fomenting fake J6 tier Patriot Front groups to go out there and start doing really bad stuff.
  They're going to be wearing like fresh MAGA gear.
  Oh yeah, no, I get it.
  They steal the election, as Biden said.
  Republicans are going to claim we stole it.
  Don't be violent three nights ago.
  He's claiming we're going to be violent if they steal it.
  And then they're going to go out and provocateur it.
  That makes a lot of sense.
  Absolutely, and another thing I want to say is remember Patriot Front rolls in like those UPA or those U-Haul and Ryder.
  Oh those guys are so obvious, good God.
  And then also I just want to say one thing, a lot of those Nazis, that's who those people are, let's be honest.
  They're going to be using channel 1488.88 on their, on the ham AM frequency, right?
   So in your area, Get your drone out, get your camera out, get ready to start looking for jacked up dudes that look like they're feds, ex-military, special ops.
  Start filming them, don't talk to them, just film them, follow them, get your drone, follow them back to their Ryder truck, and listen on those radio channels on ham, and start to identify where they're at, and maybe even start- That's right, because they're groups of feds and ADL leading groups of young idiots they grabbed off the internet.
  Yep, love you guys, y'all be safe, alright?
  Now anything else you want to add, Mike?
  Dude, I love you, man.
  Like, seriously.
  I love you.
  You sound like you know what you're talking about, brother.
  You think they're really about to pull something?
  A hundred percent, dude.
  There's no way they... There's no... Look at Brazil.
  If what happened in Brazil happens here in like the next two or three weeks, what does that mean, right?
  And then the border is wide open.
  There's no way they don't have like Islamo-fascists up in here.
  They don't have Chinese people, Russian people up in here.
  I personally think China and Russia are working with the WBF.
  I think this is a fake war.
  I know the Chi-coms are.
  Definitely.
  Thank you.
  What they're doing with this is they're disrupting our current financial order in order to bring in a new financial order that is going to be market-abased.
  It's going to be cryptocurrency.
  That's it.
  They're trying to crash the old system.
  I totally agree with you.
  Amazing caller.
  Thank you, sir.
  J. Rowe in Georgia.
  You're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Hey, what's going on, Alex?
  How we doing this evening?
  I'm trying, brother.
  We're in crazy times.
  Go ahead.
  I know that's right.
  Well, I just wanted to talk about, you know, with the Republican Party.
  I think you guys are dead on when we need to be hyper vigilant and we need to hold these people accountable.
   We've got to remember, speaking of the World Economic Forum, people like Tulsi Gabbard, Dan Crenshaw, you know, the list goes on and on of the people who are part of the young world their global leaders and they have all been infiltrated and
   what I see is a lot of these Democrats are coming over to the Republican side or trying
   to jump ship just so they can hold on power. I don't think we need to be fooled, we need to be
   vigilant, we need to be careful and watch out for this and I absolutely believe that they're
   going to pull something between today and probably sometime next week with the
   diesel, with the shutting it down and again blaming it on this because they know that the people are
  about to show up in a mighty way.
  And I don't know that these algorithms, Alex, I don't believe that they can overcome it.
  No, no, no, I agree.
  And just like we were peacefully showing that Trump won, they hijacked it.
  They're going to try to hijack this.
  One thousand percent.
  And they're already setting the stage for it.
  You know, you heard Biden stand up there talking about false flags.
  Well, Biden, I thought false flags didn't exist.
  I thought those things didn't exist, Alex.
  Hello?
  And he's up there saying that look for false flags.
  He's already called the veterans.
  He's already called MAGA.
  He's already called patriots, Christians alike, lovers of freedom, has called all of us terrorists.
  So they, they are, they've, over these three years, they set up their infrastructure.
  They put everything in place.
  I totally agree with you.
  Thank you.
  Amazing caller.
  Bart in Georgia.
  You're on the air.
  completely collapsing everything. I totally agree with you.
  Thank you. Amazing caller.
  Barton, Georgia. You're on the air. Go ahead.
  We've got good news and bad news.
  The good news is that John McCain is still dead because God has sentenced him to death for treason.
  The bad news, Kemp and Abbott are two of the most horrible governors in this country.
  Kemp helped Democrats steal Georgia, and Abbott, I think he's a phony.
  And this is going to create voter apathy and make it easier for them to steal Texas and Georgia.
  Ollie, comments?
  Oh man, I was hoping that you would go to me.
  I think that the caller is directionally correct.
  I did some work for Abbott when he was Attorney General and his general consultant is a good friend of mine.
  Um, and I'm proud to say that I think that Abbott's going to win this race.
  I mean, Beto would be horrible.
  Um, but I don't think I'm going to cast my vote for, uh, for Abbott on Tuesday.
   Um, I think that if he can win without me, he needs to because He never apologized for what he did on coronavirus and Texas should have led the way with freedom and liberty and instead we led the way with these draconian things and then you mix that with what happened with the George Floyd protests and funeral processions that happened all over Texas in spite of the regulations that the governor put in.
   So look, I think that we just got to again what you said and what I said is we don't have to judge people Thank you so much, Bart.
  God bless you.
  All right, we're gonna go to break.
  Five more minutes.
  Ollie Alexander.
  A few more calls.
  you know.
  Amen.
   You don't have to be a rocket scientist to know what comes out the other end.
  Like is a restaurant good?
  Yeah, it tastes great, delicious, you don't get sick.
  You get sick, you don't go back there.
  Thank you so much, Bart.
  God bless you.
  All right, we're going to go to break.
  Five more minutes.
  Olly Alexander.
  A few more calls.
  Got a big guest coming up, Dr. Lee Barrett.
  I didn't plug last hour.
  I get so busy in these elections, and if I don't, we'll go bankrupt.
  We're already bankrupt, but our bankruptcy will fail.
  We'll be off the air.
  Please get great products ready to ship in stock now.
  Biggest sale of the year.
  Black Friday comes early.
  Up to 60% off with promo code 17761776 at checkout.
  Infowarsstore.com.
  X3.
  Vitamin Mineral Fusion.
  DNA Force Plus.
  Brain Force Plus.
  Brain Force Ultra.
  Abadi's Ultimate Turmeric Formula.
  Alpha Power, Super Metal Vitality, they're all there.
  They're incredible.
  They empower your life and they keep us on air.
  Please go to infowarestore.com right now.
  Use promo code 1776 for up to 60% off.
  You can buy the book unsigned or signed as a fundraiser and get discount also.
  On both of the different types of books with promo code 1776.
  But the only way we fail is if you don't take action.
  We're making history together.
  I want to thank you for your support.
  If you've been on the fence, go to InfoWarsTore.com.
  Make your first purchase ever.
  Tomorrow, 8 a.m., midterm election coverage starts, and if you as listeners will just support and share the live links, and tell folks unfiltered election coverage is happening, it will go viral, and tell others you tell to share it, for them to share it, and them to share it, and them to share it, and that completes the Chain Reaction.
  Shelley in New York, you're on the air with Ali Alexander.
  Oh Alex and Ollie, hey man.
  I am so glad to get online with you.
  God bless you both.
  I love you both dearly.
  Ollie, I'm a great follower of you on True Social.
  I've got to love your posts up there so much.
  But listen, I think you guys are hitting it right on the mark.
  I'm giving this whole election up to God.
  I know who, from following Alex, from following Ali, I know exactly where to put my votes tomorrow.
   However, I want this to be placed upon everybody's heart across this great country, that we need to hold to the fire, these Republicans, the new ones that get into office, and I'm hoping, through the grace of God, that we are blessed with something Um, that just takes over this election, that doesn't allow these algorithms, that doesn't allow all this nefarious.
  I know it's a long shot, however, but I know that through God's gracing and mercy, that he is going to help us here somehow, someway.
  But I think that we need to get on our phones, get into our public, and whether this election goes our way or not, we need to make sure that we are on the phones, that we are on the emails, that we are making sure that these politicians are doing what they're in Washington to do for us, not the reverse.
  Absolutely, and if there wasn't power in getting these patriot Republicans elected to replace the bad ones, they wouldn't be battling to stop it, because they don't know who's good and bad.
  They don't know who will turn and who won't.
  It's a struggle.
  And when evil comes in to try to take these good people away, or pressure them or blackmail them, we've got to be there to support them.
  Thank you so much, Selly.
  I appreciate your call.
  Your comments on that, Ali.
  Yeah, it's absolutely.
  Look, all the temporal lines have failed, but that doesn't mean that we don't need to act.
  We need to build that ramp, and God will deliver that miracle.
  And that's the beautiful thing about this tragic thing that's happened in our lives, the tragic thing that's happened to the J6 criminal defendants.
  The things that's happening all over the country is that we're making a way for God.
  We're showing that we're continually obedient, even in the dark times, even in the times of tribulations.
  That's where we need to be more obedient.
  And so I think that's what we're doing by still rendering unto Caesar what is Caesar's, and rendering unto God what is God's.
  That's what's so perfect about what Christ explained.
  As the Pharisees were trying to say, should we pay taxes to Caesar?
  They wanted to stone him to death if he didn't or get the Romans to arrest him.
  He said, whose face is on that coin?
  It's Caesar.
  That's his.
  It's his system.
  Give to him what's him.
  Give to God as what of God.
  And if we just support God, God's kingdom will a trillion times eclipse the devil's system.
  It's true.
  And you know what I'll tell you, Alex, is I'm so grateful even for, you know, riding shotgun with you today, is that I have friends like Hayden, I have friends like you, and I'm encouraging them, and they're encouraging me, and my spirits are not broken.
  Last year, I was very, very depressed with the DOJ coming after me, with the Biden administration coming after me, what they've been doing to you.
  But I've watched all of these patriots, all of my friends, kind of just beam up.
  And now we're like happy warriors in the fight.
  We like being outnumbered.
  And I do think that we will win.
  I think God will win.
  I think that he will use us.
  And I think that we won't be able to credit you or me or Trump or Kevin McCarthy.
  We'll be able to say there was something in the air.
  No weapon formed against us shall prosper if we don't let them convince us we've lost.
  We haven't lost.
  God is in control.
  Oli, you're going to be in the studio tomorrow night.
  Live coverage.
  Everybody, tune in.
  Thank you so much, Oli.
  Hey, thank you, brother.
  Alright, listen.
  I tried to get to all the callers.
  We took over 20.
  Glenn, Joseph, and Glenn.
  Crew, don't forget.
  Tomorrow, they're in my regular show.
  I'm going to open the phones back up again.
  If they want us to call them back, I'll get them back on.
  The enemy's coming after us, but I'm of good cheer, and you don't know 10% of it, folks, but just please go to InfoWarsTore.com, get great products, and go to SaveInfoWars.com, because I'm out of money.
  I got to pay for part of the legal fees.
  Personally, I'm out of money.
  I want to thank all you that did.
  I want to encourage everybody else, go to SaveInfoWars.com.
  It only takes a few hundred thousand dollars to be able to block all their garbage and appeal it.
  That's why they're so mad.
  Keep us on air for a few more years.
  Make a donation right now at SaveInfoWars.com.
  Don't wait.
   SaveInfoWars.com 
   Don't let the globalist monsters and their mercenary minions be successful at silencing you.
  And the globalist's number one mission is to silence InfoWars because they rightly see us as one of the main beacons of resistance alerting the people, not just of America, but the world to the threat of the globalist and their censorship and tyranny.
  That's why it's so essential today, now more than ever, to share links for InfoWars.com and to also financially support InfoWars.com at the most critical time on our fight by using promo code 1776 at checkout to get an additional 10% off.
  These people are coming for your birthright.
  They're coming for your First Amendment.
  They admit, once they've silenced us, they're coming for you.
  I'm in your hands, and I'm asking for your support now.
  You have my commitment to never give up or back down, but I could give out without your support.
  Thank you for all your past support, and I'm encouraging you now to redouble your efforts at Infowarstore.com with promo code 1776 for an additional 10% off on the already big sales and huge discounts.
  All righty, thank you.
  I'm Dr. Lee Merritt, once an orthopedic surgeon, now a professional medical rebel.
  I'm honored to be back on the fourth segment here for Alex Jones.
  Now, in this first part, I thought I'm just going to talk about some philosophy, some overview of the problems that we're facing, and then we're going to get into the role of the COVID conflict.
   Now, I'm just going to say it's easy to be nihilistic and just give up trying to figure things out.
  We're all getting tired and I get this.
  People are purposely sometimes avoiding uncomfortable explorations of knowledge because it's just too uncomfortable.
  I doubt this audience has that problem, but if you just throw up your hands and say that everybody's lying, then you've surrendered.
  And we have to decide how we're going to search truth.
  and what we're going to believe.
  So I'm going to do a little update on some things and at the end I'm going to tell you I think what you need to do medically at this point and I also tell you why I'm optimistic that we're going to get out of this.
  Now here's just some philosophic points that I've accepted.
   The first one is that we've been putting our children, our children's future, our future into the hands of people that really don't have our best interests at heart and we've been doing this for You know, forever, probably.
  Mostly, we've been trusting elected officials.
  And so I want to say something about the latest political kind of stage show of these 20 governors, including mine in Iowa, Kim Reynolds, but it's DeSantis and all of the ones that did this.
  I mean, they're, you know, waving the flags and pounding their chest that, oh, we stopped mandating COVID-19 vaccines in children.
  No, actually you didn't because you didn't stop the other mandates of children.
  And these guys at Pfizer and Moderna, wherever, they can switch this technology into those other vaccines in the blink of an eye.
  Keep in mind they've come out now with a combo flu COVID vaccine.
  So, if you really cared about our children, you'd stop all these mandates.
  If we should have learned anything now, it's that they've lied about vaccines forever, and this is just another one.
  The other thing is, if you cared about the wellness of children, and this involves women too, this has been a war on women in a lot of ways.
  72, I think, well, I'll get into that in a minute.
  The point is that they pushed these vaccines on pregnant women.
  Now, I just looked at a Pfizer document that showed that they did not test it.
  They admitted to that.
  We knew it, but they admitted they did not test this vaccine prior to rollout on children, on immunocompromised people, and on pregnant women.
   But nonetheless, The states that are praising themselves for stopping this COVID-19 vaccine on mandated for children's school are not stopping the mandates for workers and for people that are pregnant working in hospitals and other places.
  And let me just tell you, here's a little thing that just came out from a whistleblower in Fresno, California.
  In the past five years, the average, well, this is the general understanding.
   In the past five years, just looking at the data, Stillbirth rate among pregnant women is 5.74 per thousand.
  That's up till mid-2021.
  But beginning in July of 2021 and continuing to present, the stillbirth rate is now 29.3 per thousand.
  So, in other words, it's gone up about five times the chance of you having a stillborn baby if you take the vaccine while you're pregnant.
  The fact that we are still, doctors are still pushing this is unbelievable.
  Now, it was Dr. Robert Chandler, Dr. Robert Chandler from the War Room Daily Clout segment.
  Pfizer documents looked at the research volunteers and they found that women sustained 72% of the adverse events compared to men.
  And why was that?
  Because 16% of these were reproductive disorders.
  In other words, these weren't pregnant women that were in the study, but they couldn't get pregnant later or they had altered menstrual cycles, no menstrual cycles, etc.
  So, we knew that pregnant women were excluded from pre-marketing testing.
  But it gets even worse.
  In the post-marketing testing, the first study they came out with essentially, they looked at 270 pregnant women.
  238 were lost to follow-up.
  That should have invalidated the study right there, but they went forth.
  They could only demonstrate one live birth out of 270 women in the study that were pregnant taking these vaccines, these non-vaccines.
  Now, more recently, Dr. Jim Thorpe, OBGYN doctor and, you know, courageous speaking out person has shown ultrasounds and studies, MRIs, things of placentas, pictures of placentas in pregnant, from women that had been pregnant, either had a baby or lost the baby and shows you what the change is in the placenta, the part of the uterus that carries the baby.
  It's unbelievable!
  And yet the doctors on the ground continue to promote vaccination in pregnant women and these states that are now praising themselves.
  So I guess my point, these states that are praising themselves for stopping it in children, it's just a political show.
  I mean, if these guys really wanted to do something, they would have stopped the whole deal.
  But this is a political stunt by the governor, sound and fury signifying nothing.
  So when you go vote tomorrow, keep in mind, I'm a believer in voting, but keep in mind the possibility that we just can't vote our way out of what's happening to us as a human species.
  That's my first philosophic point here.
  The second point, which is not related to COVID really, but is in general related to who we are, what we are, what's happening to us, is that our history has been manipulated.
  Now that I'm, you know, somewhat involuntarily and surprisingly unemployed after this whole thing came out with COVID, I've had a chance to read all the things I didn't have a chance when I was working as an orthopedic surgeon 100-hour weeks.
  I started reading things like the Tartarian Empire, archaeology.
  Have our calendars been jigged, for example, to, you know, to make it difficult to follow the timeline?
  Were the Dark Ages added?
  Are we really living 600 years after the fall of Rome?
  There are people that believe that.
  There's a lot of this that's kind of mishy-mashy, and you can discount it.
  But here are some factoids you cannot explain easily, and they cannot be explained with the history that we are taught in government-controlled schools.
  And what I like to do, you know, I like to find the thing that you can't explain.
  It's hard to explain.
  And one of them are, well, I'm not sure I'm pronouncing this right, but they're called all parts, out-of-place artifacts.
  For example, statues that are a thousand years old or more, 5,000 years old, showing men in spacesuits.
  Not to mention, I mean, there are technologies showing electric light bulbs carved into stone, showing... One of my favorites is the megalithic stone monuments, not just the pyramids, but Baalbek.
  Baalbek, they tried in the 1970s.
  This is a huge, huge stones that are precisely lined up on these walls.
   And they're all over the world, but in particular at Baalbek, what they did was in the 1970s, There was a quarry that they found a stone that was partially outside the, it was out of the wall.
  It was partially out of the quarry like they were going to make another stone for the wall and just didn't finish it.
  And they tried in the 1970s using modern machinery, modern technology to move heavy things.
  They couldn't move that stone.
  And yet we're told that of course slaves did this with ropes and pulling and logs, rolling logs.
  Yeah, right.
  Even as a kid, I remember in high school when Von Daniken came out with that book about Chariots of the Gods, and he looked at the Nazca lines down in South America.
  And now we have not only the Nazca lines, we have Nazca mummies.
  We found these mummies that look kind of human, but they've got three, they look human, but they're about our size.
  They've got three toes and three fingers on all of them.
  They found one that has an internal egg, okay?
  They're like platypuses.
  They're mammals, but they're egg-laying.
  This, somebody needs to explain to me.
  Giants, the elongated skulls, there are all sorts of these elongated skulls.
  They always try and make it sound like those skulls were manufactured by, like in Africa where they wrap the baby's head to make it look like these elongated skulls, but these elongated skulls are genetically not human skulls because they don't have our plates.
  We have specific fissures, specific segments of our skull, and we all have the same ones that are human, and these are different.
  They don't have as many segmentations as we do.
  But here's one that really I found fairly recently, and I don't know, a lot of people don't know about this.
  In fact, I'm the only one I've heard talk about this, but it's a technique for looking at art.
  And we have this history that, you know, there was the Roman Empire, there were prehistoric times, and after the Roman Empire fell, you had some dark ages, then you had the, you know, these medieval art pieces, and then as you came out of this, you had more elaborate art that we call Renaissance art.
  And, you know, beautiful, beautiful stuff.
   Well, before Recently you had to do fairly destructive tests on these things if you wanted to know how the paintings were done, look at the different layers.
  But now we have a technique, it's called x-ray fluorescence spectroscopy, and you can do non-destructive techniques.
  And so there's a Dr. Felipe Walter who's been doing this over in some European lab, and he's been looking for example at da Vinci paintings.
  Sorry, I'm Dr. Lee Merritt.
  This is the Alex Jones Show.
  And sorry, I ran over in the last segment.
  It's a technologic problem.
  I'm old and I have hard time with technology, but we got it sorted out now.
  And speaking of technology, why am I talking about technology and artwork?
  Because if you don't understand that we are living in a world in general, where there are lies everywhere, then we can't deconstruct what's happened to us about this so-called disease of COVID.
  And we, for our own survival, we need to understand this.
  We need to know where we came from, what's going on, why they did this to us, who's doing this, and understanding the nature of the lies is important.
  So I'm just talking about things I've noticed.
  There's a technique now for looking at fine art.
  It's non-destructive.
  It's using x-ray fluorescent spectroscopy.
  And Dr. Philip Walter in Europe has done this with da Vinci paintings.
  And what he's discovered is quite unbelievable.
  That this beautiful, fabulous artwork, the reason the colors and the lights blend so beautifully is it's done in multiple layers.
  But more importantly, each layer is two microns thick.
  Now keep in mind a hair is about a hundred microns.
  So, modern painting, if we're lucky, we can do paints that are average of 30 microns.
  We don't get below 15 microns.
  We can't do it, technologically.
  In fact, when you get down to 2 microns, I think about 5 microns is what we do for laser printing.
  So, we're talking about highly technologic chemical processes in laser printing.
  They couldn't have done it in the 1500s and 1400s with da Vinci and the guys.
  Look at the pictures, if you don't believe me, look at the pictures of John Von Eyck, where not only do you have this unbelievable, layered, 2 micron thick, multiple layers of paint, but you also have extreme realism.
  I mean, this looks not just like a photograph, it looks like a photograph with a special Leica camera, or some, you know, very high-tech camera.
  And this is a 1434 painting.
  It's oil painted on oak panels.
  So, how did they do this?
  Again, we're being lied about our history.
  This is not low-tech painting that we preserved over hundreds of years.
  It's a very high-tech art form.
  And so, we just can't believe them on almost anything.
  Now, here's the other kicker on these artworks.
  There are other issues.
  Why are there UFOs depicted in these Renaissance paintings?
  Now, you may think, oh, that's made up.
  No, it's not.
  Go look at them.
  I've written down some names here.
  The Crucifixion.
  It's in a monastery in Kosovo, but there are pictures online.
  It was painted in about 1350.
  Unknown artist.
  But in the sky is this man driving a little space shuttle right out of Star Trek.
  Okay.
  Madonna with San Giovannino.
  The Baptism of Christ, 1710.
  The Annunciation, 1486 by Carlo Crivelli.
  And all of these, they show what we would call circular disks with a dome.
  That's what, you know, later UFO documents call these UFOs.
  They were circular, they were metallic, they were large, they had a dome on top.
  Sometimes they're dismissed as lenticular clouds.
   But the miracle of snow, which was done about 1400, is really interesting because it's filled with these things.
  It's not just one little UFO kind of thing up there.
  It's filled with these things.
  You can't believe they're not telling you something.
  And not only that, I think it was the first one I was talking to you about, the Kosovo painting that they had up.
  You also see a guy on the ground who's with a dog next to him, and he's looking up at that object.
  So this is not just an add-on.
  It speaks to who we are and what we are on this planet.
  Here's one where they show the UFO over the Madonna's shoulder.
  And if you blow it up, there's even more detail to it.
  But we've been not shown these things.
  This should have been something we've been talking about forever.
  When they started talking to us about UFOs and it was all dismissed by our government, where were the art people saying, no, no, wait a minute, we see them in medieval and renaissance art.
   And I think part of the problem is When you're given a worldview, you tend to see things in the lens of that worldview, but we need to change that worldview quite quickly to understand what's going on.
  So the third point I'm going to make here is that we've been treated like serfs, or actually I think like cattle, since it's most likely we're being farmed.
  Eight million children go missing every year.
  Now, the most prosaic explanation for all the missing humans that they always try and give us, it's not just children, by the way, that are missing, it's lots of people, but we've been told all these, you know, it's bad record keeping or, you know, runaways.
  But let's look a little further.
  Let's suppose it's just greed.
  In the history of the world, the drug trade is at the bottom of the financial.
   We always think of a drug trade, you know, we see the movies of Pablo Escobar and all that stuff, and we think, "Oh, big,
  big, big money."
   Turns out drugs are at the bottom of the pyramid of financial remuneration.
   If you really want to move up into the higher ranks, you need to be doing human trafficking.
   Now, we think of human trafficking as like the slave trade in the 1800s, 1700s, but that
  slave trade turned out not to be very profitable.
  That didn't really work out after a while because runaways and insurance, it was on for very, very down-to-earth reasons that the whole system was collapsing.
  Sex trafficking is more money, it's better, but I'll tell you the very best trafficking and it is body parts.
  Let's wake up to the fact that humans are being consumed for body parts.
  Now, some of it's to other humans.
  We'll give it that.
  We know about that.
  And before we go to the break, I'm just going to talk about a little about China and this.
   Okay, there are some big Hospitals that were built in China.
  We're hearing now that the Chinese have a building glut and that they're not being able to pay debts and that's part of the financial collapse happening there.
  But what are the buildings that are glutted?
  It's not really houses, it's hospitals.
  They built all these huge hospitals and these hospitals were for international organ transplant surgery.
   So they hired surgeons from all over, they came and worked in these hospitals.
   And then the evil part of this was the Falun Gong, a passive religious organization, pacifist
   religious organization that emphasized clean living and outdoor fresh air and slow exercises.
   About one in 30 of them were captured and put into quarantine facilities and they were
   blood type along with the Uyghurs, the Muslim minority in China, the Uyghurs.
   And these people were all blood-typed alive, and they stayed in the quarantine buildings, and then what would happen is somebody from France, or the U.S., or who knows where, needs an organ, they're going to die before they get through the standard line, so they call up to these organizations somehow and
  they order an organ from China.
   And it's interesting that if you don't believe that they know what's going on, they do because
  the people so often will ask for the Falun Gong organs. Why?
   Because they know that their lifestyle is good, that they don't smoke, drink, and they
   take care of themselves. So they're the best. It's known on the street, on the black
   market street, that these are the best quality organs. So they've been doing this for a
   long time. But there's all sorts of aspects to this.
  Look at what we've discovered about Planned Parenthood and fetal body parts.
  Suddenly, fetal parts, the market exploded when we had to have these RNA, when we went to these genetic type agents that we're using.
  For some reason, these have to be grown in fetal tissue.
  So, there's a huge market for that.
  But I'll tell you more I just learned about recently, and we'll finish up with that after the break.
  But the U.S.
  is a major exporter of blood.
  And it turns out that blood products, not just adrenochrome, you know, you've probably heard about that.
  I'm sure this audience has.
  We know about that.
  But it's also just our regular blood products that we think about going through the Red Cross for and all being volunteer donation.
  No, there's a dark underbelly there.
  So we'll be back in just a couple minutes.
  All right, I'm Dr. Lee Merritt sitting in for Alex Jones, and I was talking about trafficking in body parts and trafficking in humans, but now let's just look at a simple thing that most of us didn't think about.
  I'm a surgeon, I didn't think about this.
  That the United States doesn't just get the Red Cross blood draws for local people.
  We are a major exporter of blood.
  And it turns out that between the 1970s to the 90s, I guess, there was a system set up in Arkansas.
  I believe Billy Clinton was the lieutenant governor at the time when this was going on.
  It was in the Cummins prison, was one of them.
  They were essentially getting plasma from prison inmates.
  Now, as a surgeon, and as somebody who's done trauma call emergency room use activities for years, I can tell you that's probably not the best group from which to extract blood.
  But, in any case, they did this for quite a long time, and they sold a lot of it to the Canadians.
  And in the 90s, the Canadians complained to the Washington, D.C.
  and said, hey, our blood from you guys is contaminated with HIV and hepatitis C.
  So, and this had gone through the Red Cross system, by the way.
  So it was, I think it was called the Factor VIII Arkansas Blood Scandal or something.
  But here's the interesting point that I'm going to make, is that when there's a market, it keeps going.
  You know, at the time they were doing this, oil was $47 a barrel.
  But blood, if you figured it by the barrel, would have been $67,000.
  So you see, blood products, human body parts are probably even more pricey.
  So this is a huge money factor and it's probably human body parts are the most expensive trade in the world.
  Let's just, you got to keep that in mind.
  But here's the other interesting thing that happened and it talks about open borders, it talks about what else is going on.
  There are some blood types that are very simple.
  Most of us are O positive blood, but some of the blood types are not common.
  One of them is the negative blood, the Rh negative blood.
  If you're Rh negative, you're less than 7% of the American population.
  So, what do you do?
   Well, it turns out that when the prisoner blood Supply went down, indigenous children started disappearing.
  Now, why would that be?
  Because Native Americans are the highest source of Rh negative blood, especially RhO negative blood.
  And also people from certain populations in Central and South America, ergo the southern border.
  This is just another little factor that tells you this is a very complex worldwide cartel operation that's been going on and we are just caught, we're partially just caught up for this.
   Now another possibility for these missing humans is even darker and this relates to the possibility of an underground war taking place Taking out these facilities where they're harvesting our children, and I honestly think this is true.
  Just ask yourself, when is the last time, before the last couple years, when have you ever seen manhole cover fires?
  I've never heard of a manhole cover fire.
  Now they're everywhere.
  You see flames shooting up.
  We had one in downtown Omaha.
  Flames shooting up out of manhole covers.
  Now there's something happening down there.
  Somebody, and I think, I hope it's good things.
  I hope we're taking the world back.
  But here's one of the things I stumbled on when I was just looking into the random events that could have gotten us here.
  You know, they're just, every once in a while you find the word of truth.
  It's like, I never believed the Kennedy assassination.
  I always said, someday a mobster's gonna die and he's gonna tell the truth.
  He's gonna tell what was going on.
  And I think it was the old man Bonanno down in Tucson.
  He wrote a book shortly before he died and tucked in the middle of this book, it talked about the mob role in Kennedy's assassination.
  And when I showed it to Oliver Stone's photographer that I met down in Dallas one time, he said, yeah, that's basically it.
  So, you have to wait for the right guy on his deathbed to talk.
  Well, this isn't necessarily a deathbed convention, but there was a gentleman named Robert Dean, and if you have a chance, find his video.
  It's from the 90s, I believe, or the 70s maybe, but not 90s.
  But Robert Dean was a senior army enlisted.
  I mean, senior, senior.
  He was like the equivalent in the Navy of Command Master Chief.
  I don't know what they call him in the army.
  But he was and he was above top secret clearance.
  He was the top you could get.
  And he worked for the air marshals, the senior air people in Europe and NATO.
  He was working in NATO.
  And he had the opportunity to review a document that was that was published in 1964 by the military.
  And this document was just called the, I think it was called the affidavit or something.
  And it was about the problem that they were seeing of these disks flying out of the Soviet Union after World War II.
  And they couldn't figure out what these were.
  It was the initial UFO investigation.
  And they noticed that these were large, fast, high altitude round objects flying in formation.
  They clearly were intelligently led and they were coming out of this Eastern Soviet sector.
  So what were they?
  They called it the assessment.
  It would have the top.
  There were only a few copies made.
  It was about an inch and a half thick.
  It was with lots and lots of add-ons.
  That was the actual report was an inch and a half thick and then about eight inches of supporting documents.
  But here's what he said that the military believed from that.
  The military apparently believe there are at least 12 groups of other interdimensional beings of some sort here, maybe hundreds of groups, and that some look exactly like us.
  And that is a big point that they were concerned about.
  Think about it.
  Because if they look exactly like us, then they can take the place of us in various different big organizations.
   Think the President of the United States, although Doubtful, given the circumstances right now.
  They said in this document that they had the ability to manipulate matter and time.
  They were so far ahead of us in technology that there was nothing we could do if these were hostile, but they saw no evidence of hostility.
  We're, you know, what does this take us to believe?
  I mean, the issue should not be who are they, but it really asks the question, who are we?
  There are other issues that are not solved in my mind.
  If you, I followed the Genome Project when the Genome Project came out, and this speaks to what this RNA technology is or is not right now.
   It doesn't look, I mean, Simple findings that we never questioned were things like, if evolution is true, how come we have more chromosomes than the great apes, or we have less chromosomes than the great apes?
  That doesn't work.
  You can't mate with things that are wrong number of chromosomes.
  The other side of it is, if you look at our, and I don't remember if it's chromosome number eight or number five, but one of our chromosomes, if you look at it, it looks like two of the great apes' chromosomes stuck together.
  Okay, what's that all about?
  It honestly looks like we've been genetically manipulated in the past and probably more than once, okay?
  What they concluded and what he concluded from his research into this book, by the way, was that we've been serfs forever and the governments are a false front.
  They admitted in this document that we've had a relationship with extraterrestrials for a very long time.
  And it's interesting, he doesn't talk a lot about philosophy, but he did say at the end, he thinks that the old world that we're in right now is coming to an end, and we might be in the middle of that.
  That may be why it's so confusing, that we as human beings are here for a reason, that we are immortal, infinite children of God in an infinite universe of intelligence.
  I really like the way he put that.
  And I think it was telling that when he gave this lecture, which was at Leeds University, and by the way, this may be why they're censoring a lot of conservative speech at the universities.
  It's hard to hide videos from university lectures.
  Maybe that's the point.
  But he was wearing, at this university lecture, he was wearing a black outfit with a very prominent Christian cross.
  Considering all those lies, when we get back, we're going to talk about how we've been lied about science and about the ideas of infectious disease and why 50% of the Western world being injected with these products is a big problem.
  You know, we still don't, after all this time, we do not have an ingredient list of what's in these so-called vaccines.
  But beyond that, what we're going to mention is that vaccines in general are being done for reasons that have no real scientific proof behind them.
  The idea that we have small particles we call viruses and that these account for diseases that we attribute to them, like flu, is not founded.
   Specifically, if you heard my Fourth hour, a while, a couple months ago, I spent the whole fourth hour on the pseudo pandemic of 1918.
  And I can tell you, it doesn't matter about genetic sequence.
  It doesn't matter what these super duper lab scientists are telling you.
  If you cannot prove disease transmission, when you put sick people next to well people and nobody gets the disease, there's something wrong with our whole, whole schema here.
  And we're going to talk about that and how it relates to where we go from here and what's happening to us.
  So we'll be back in a minute.
  Thanks.
  All right, thank you.
  I'm Dr. Lee Merritt, sitting in for Alex, last segment of the fourth hour.
  And don't you love it that Albert Berla, the CEO of Pfizer, is now complaining that he was misled by the scientists around him?
  He was, he was lied to and that's why he went along with this RNA viral, anti-viral vaccine technique that isn't working.
  I just, you just can't make this up.
  And there's so many, and they just want us to forget now what the, what has been done to us.
  You know, I'm sorry, these were not medical mistakes.
  This was mass murder and involuntary sterilization.
  And I don't think they get a pass, at least not from me.
  But, but in the bigger picture here, Albert Bourla and all these, you know, Walensky from the CDC, these doctors in these big university programs that pushed vaccines on pregnant women, we're in a medical system now that's filled with doctors who have become conditioned to adopting protocols rather than learning classic scientific reasoning, medical principles of care and compassion and professional ethics, you know.
  Keep in mind, every time you go into a hospital, hospitals have been corralled under CDC guidelines.
  They're doing things because they're afraid that they're going to be defunded.
  That didn't happen in the old days where private hospitals, the Catholic Charities, various different hospitals were privately funded by communities and the various religious organizations.
   And the new non-physician hospital administrators Believe me, they took no oath to basic medical ethics.
  They took an oath to their shareholders and to money streams, just like any other corporate.
  It's become corporate medicine.
  These are big hospital corporations now, as are the Walgreen Pharmacy, the CVS Pharmacy.
  They're all big chains.
  They're not your local pharmacist.
  We can still go to our local pharmacist and should, by the way.
  But this money has caused these hospital administrators to violate basic Nuremberg Code and basic morality by coercing their staffs, including their pregnant nurses and things, to be injected with experimental drugs without informed consent.
   and you can't give informed consent when you really don't know what's in these.
   And I don't know if you've been paying attention, but in Canada recently,
   where they've mandated now a booster for the doctors, we've got 80 dead doctors just overnight.
  It might be more than that.
  Now, these are young, healthy people, most of them.
   I mean, some older guys, but most of these are young, healthy people
   that are like marathon runners and all this stuff, and they're dead because they did
  what the medical hierarchy told them to do, okay?
   But keep in mind, This medical hierarchy did not investigate this disease.
  They didn't make an effort to look at transmission and the facts and all this kind of stuff.
  So even a year and a half after the fact, when they did look at autopsies, their conclusion was, a year and a half after COVID started, we don't know what it is.
  We don't know what it's doing.
  Well, we're getting some ideas now.
  And I would say that I've been saying for a long time, look at what they're trying to get you not to do.
  They really, really, really don't want you to talk about anti-parasitic drugs, right?
   I've been saying for a while, we need to do parasite Elimination of our bodies.
  And I think that's really been true.
  In fact, you know, remember George Carlin had the seven dirty words you can't say on TV.
  Well, now you can say them all.
  Nobody cares about those words.
  But the six words you can't say on TV are chloroquine, hydroxychloroquine, ivermectin, nidazoxonide, fenbendazole, and chlorine dioxide.
  In fact, you'll go to jail if you mention chlorine dioxide.
  So I would never tell you to use it.
  I just use it myself.
  But yeah, those are all anti-parasitic drugs.
  Why are they such in high dungeon about them?
  Because they knew.
  And here's what I believe now.
  And again, we don't completely, I mean, even today, I'm finding out new stuff.
  I was just on a Zoom call getting more insider information.
  It's rapidly changing.
  But here's what I believe we know right now.
  And that is that the independent labs are not finding genetic material in these so-called vaccines.
  There's no RNA in there.
  Now, you could say it goes poof after it's been out of the cool storage.
  It may be true, but if that's true, how does CSI work, right?
  You know, how do we do genetic analysis on dead bodies?
  So I'm not sure I buy that.
  But the three things that are for certain in here are graphene, reduced graphene oxide, variety of nanoparticulate metals, and hydrogel.
  Now, hydrogel is not what we've been thinking hydrogel was and I don't, Karen Kingston first, I mean I've been talking about parasites for a long time for clinical reasons and she came out with the other reasons you want to think about parasites and that's that they have, she showed how there are patents and there are all this writing about the fact that this hydrogel is not just plain hydrogel like we use in contact lenses.
  Hydrogel is just a water-filic plastic polymer, right?
  But this is smart, genetically engineered hydrogel.
   In other words, it's probably true that there was no viral-based,
  bat-based spike protein ever involved in this.
  This was a man-made or AI-made.
  Somebody created this hydrogel that responds to wavelength, okay?
  It changes its conformation when it's in a certain electromagnetic field.
  And when it changes its conformation, it can make you sick.
  It can hook into your ACE2 pathway and make you sick.
   And that fits everything we've been seeing, which appeals to my I mean, you don't have to go and, if you believe that, you don't have to then make exceptions to the explanation.
  So, they don't want us to have anti-parasitic drugs and we have this thing.
  I have a video out, it's on Rumble, it's on my site, it's called the Parasite Paradigm.
  I got interested in looking at parasites because, look, what's happening in our military is so unusual.
  The military, I was in the Navy for 10 years, the military, your young people get cancer, right?
  They do get cancer.
  But usually it's a single cancer, often like in young men, it's testicular cancer.
  It's one thing.
   Now they take this so-called vaccine, this pathologic jab, and they show up sick in the clinic and now they've got metastases all over their body.
  They've got cancer everywhere, in other words, what they're calling cancer.
  Now how does that fit any kind of worldview that we understand?
  There's also been the information dribbling out on the internet from German researchers, primarily, but other people, that everybody who's got cancer has parasites, and that they're showing how this intracellular cancer is indistinguishable under the microscope from adenocarcinoma of the bowel or breast cancer.
   So, wouldn't it be a kick in the pants that all these years we've been treating cancer with all these poisonous toxic things, And, in fact, it was parasites all along.
  And I'm going to tell you, that again fits everything we see, for the most part.
  Look at the underground treatment for cancer.
  What is it?
  It's fenbendazole.org.
  Fenbendazole is what you worm your cats and dogs and animals with, your cattle.
   Somebody else pointed out, you go to the NIH website and you look up ivermectin and cancer, and you'll see a million different Uh, treatment procedures that are being studied.
  So the guys, if you know, you know, if you're one of the big guys in the inside of Pfizer, you know, all this, it's just us little people, we little people have been left in the dark, but we're coming out of the dark.
  And so here's what I'm going to say right now.
  That, um, and I'll just say one other thing first is that.
  Doctor, I'm kind of afraid of saying this, but just go, I'm going to go on record.
  I'm not suicidal.
  I'm not going to get into any, I'm not going to jump out of a perfectly good airplane or anything in the near future.
  But recently there was an Italian doctor, Dr. Domenico Biscardi, I think you pronounce his name, and he pointed out that Omicron is not a virus, it's not a variant of anything, it's a radiation attack in the form of millimeter waves.
  And this has been spoken about by other people also dead, so please keep that in mind.
  Hopefully I'm in a safe place.
  I've been saying for a while, you know, 5G turned on on October 19th of 2019, exactly when this outbreak started.
  This is about electromagnetic frequencies.
  If you were on one of my previous shows, I talked about the Krasnachev effect.
  Russian doctors showed how electromagnetic frequencies can completely transmit disease and specifically different types of diseases.
  If I want to transmit flu, I can do that.
  If I want to transmit arsenic poisoning, I can do that.
  You can capture the signal and you can transmit it.
  What if they are doing that with all of this?
  They're using some contact poison with this artificial spike protein to get it started, and then they've kept it going with electromagnetic frequencies.
  And by the way, they're saying we're going to have an outbreak of Omicron or whatever the new Latin one is after December 24th.
  How do they know that?
  Because they're going to turn on the frequency.
  Okay, now there are things that we can do, and this is what you need to know.
  Number one, you need to do electromagnetic frequency mitigation.
  Again, I tell you how I'm doing it.
  It's on my website, and I'm not saying it's the end-all be-all.
  We keep learning about this, but if you think that, even if it's not the whole story, electromagnetic frequencies decrease your immune system.
  We know that.
  Turn off your routers.
  Turn off your modems at night if you don't need them.
  Don't take poisonous drugs and don't eat foods that could have graphene.
  We found graphene in bottled water.
  I'm not worried about my, you know, that watch the water thing.
  I'm not worried about my drinking water in my city, except for the fluoride, but I am worried about bottled water, because if I were going to poison water, it'd be through that.
  Take melatonin, take vitamin C, zinc, take copper.
  Again, years ago, they had this big thing a few years ago, how copper, your copper mugs having a Moscow Mule were poisoning you, stop drinking it.
  Turns out, what's the antidote to these piezoelectric crystals that help the EMF damage you?
  Copper.
  So don't overdose, but get your copper in your supplement.
  Do a parasite protocol.
  I'm going to tell you how to do it on the site.
  I've got a written protocol you can download.
  Take this seriously.
  We can get ourselves out of this.
  I think lots of good things are happening.
  I think things are turning around, but we have to survive it.
  So I really appreciate being back on the Alex Jones Show.
  Hopefully we'll see you again.
  Thank you.
  You know where the CIA tunes in, right?
  You know where the Russians tune in?
  You know where everybody tunes in, right?
  You know who Tucker Carlson tunes in to, and Joe Rogan, and Elon Musk?
  You know where they tune in, right?
  They tune in right here!
  InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's News.
  Today.
  We are witnessing the Mark of the Beast system openly rolled out and announced.
   Whether you believe the Bible is inspired by God or the Word of God or not, what was written over 2,000 years ago by John the Revelator on the Isle of Patmos is coming true.
  A world government that makes you take a mark in the hand or the head to be able to buy and sell and that you must worship the beast.
  That means follow what the beast says or you can't buy or sell.
  It's not just that you have to have the mark to buy or sell.
  You've got to do what the beast wants you to do, or you cannot buy and sell.
  And that's where, in late 2022, we are.
  Last week, the World Economic Forum was given over $100 million by Government of Canada to roll out a World ID through the UN based on the Communist Chinese digital social credit score system.
  And now, just today, Bill Gates came out.
  Here's the article right here.
  And his foundation donated $200 million to expand digital ID surveillance system for the same Chinese communist control program.
  So the social credit score, communist China, and all the control you see is the model of this system being rolled out in Spain, rolled out in Italy, rolled out in Germany, rolled out in Canada, and now they're trying to roll it out here in America.
  Just a few years ago, Klaus Schwab, head of the WEF, said, you will have to take a microchip to buy and sell in the near future.
  And now here we are.
  So this is a huge, huge issue that they can then dictate to you through this new digital currency, through this World ID, every action you take in your life, with a carbon tax, through the social credit score, through universal basic income, as they shut off the regular economy and small businesses, making you sign on for government handout.
  But with that handout comes all of the rules of the game.
  This is no longer theoretical on some drawing board or some computer.
  This is something the bureaucrats and the megacorporations and major governments are doing.
  There's a race between the West and Communist China to see, with big tech, who can put this in first.
  It's scary, but at least we are exposing it.
  And at least we know about it.
  Just last week, PayPal said, if you criticize government, if you criticize open borders, or forced injections, or anything else, gun control, we're going to fine you $2,500 for what we say you're doing in your own personal life.
  We're going to surveil you, and then we're going to censor you.
  But within days of the announcement, they had to back off because of the backlash.
  So submitting to this only makes things worse.
  Standing up to it and saying no only makes things better.
  And that's why it's so important today, ladies and gentlemen, to say no to World War, no to nuclear war, no to open borders, no to pedophilia, no to the Satanism that is the New World Order.
  And you cannot do that better.
  Then sharing the articles and videos and links from InfoWars.com and Band.Video to be the Paul Reveres of your era and to get amazing products that God gave us through Mother Nature to empower our stamina, our energy, our libido, everything else including our immune systems.
  And that's why if you want to support the InfoWars at this critical time, go to InfoWarsStore.com and get X3, the missing link for health that blocks the bad halogens.
  It's the good halogen, the opposite of fluoride at InfoWarsStore.com.
  50% off.
  We've got a Save Info Wars 1776 Mega Sale running for the next week.
  The biggest sales up to 60% off in the history of Info Wars at InfoWarsStore.com.
   Thank you so much and join us during this important part of history.
   You got us the amazing sponsor a few years ago that have been great.
  The problem was everybody sold out of high quality but at the same time affordable sat phones.
  They finally got them back in.
  They also have this amazing bivy stick dongle that turns any phone into a sat phone.
  Spend a few minutes telling folks about InfoWarsPhone.com.
  Well, first of all, anybody who's watched what happened in Florida absolutely saw people without power, people without communication, and the word when you lose communication is you panic.
   The nice thing about Satellite Phone Store is the owners have dedicated themselves to
   making sure everyone can stay in touch with their loved ones, that they understand how
   fragile the electrical grid is and also the cell phone communication grid.
   I'm told that there are hundreds of thousands of people without cell phones in Florida.
   And what was neat about Satellite Phone Store, Alex, they sent out vans and were finding
   people that had to communicate to let their loved ones know that they're alive.
  Communication in a survival situation is paramount.
   Not just to be keeping in contact with your loved ones, but for information services.
  So the BivyStick obviously is satellite to satellite.
  You use your cell phone in airplane mode, but this is probably one of the neatest things there is.
  The difference between the BivyStick and satellite phone is a voice communication, but you're limited to the amount of text you can send.
  With a bivy stick you can give messaging and that's one of the things that's so important.
  And these are free just with a year contract.
  They have the satellite phones back in stock.
  You mentioned that.
  A thousand of them I believe available at the end of October.
  They've got the bivy stick.
  The package comes with a free phone.
  They have a satellite uplinks.
  They have the storage battery.
  The power solar generators.
  And in essence they are a one-stop communication and electrical production facility.
  Go to InfoWarsPhone.com or 941-955-1020.
  941-955-1020.
  That's InfoWarsPhone.com or 941-955-1020.
  This is essential.
  Everybody needs this.