You will be arrested immediately.
  Hey, calm down.
  Calm down.
  So the left always attacks free speech.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
  Calm down.
  Let's have a conversation.
   Calm What's wrong, sir?
  You like killing babies?
  You love killing babies?
  Yeah, I fucking love killing babies.
  You love killing babies, huh?
  You love that, don't you?
  You love that.
  These women are the opposite of Viagra.
  Look at the harpies!
  Ladies and gentlemen, we are live from the InfoWars.com studios in Austin, Texas, on the Saturday, June 25th, worldwide broadcast.
  InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's news today.
  
   Ladies and gentlemen, the left have launched violent attacks
   in what they would call insurrections across the United States,
  breaching multiple capitals.
  
  Attempting to attack Supreme Court justices inside their homes.
  We have reporters Drew Hernandez and Savannah Hernandez, no relation, joining us both live from outside the Supreme Court building and the Capitol in T-minus 30 minutes from now on the ground in D.C.
  Tell everybody you know, we're live.
  1130 Central Standard Time, 1230 Eastern Time, June 25th, Sunday, emergency broadcast.
  Tell everybody you know, InfoWars is live and on the air.
  Critical analysis and information coming up straight ahead.
  First, here's a compilation Rob Dew put together, The Row Wars Have Begun.
  You see this turnout here?
  You ain't seen nothing yet.
  To hell with the Supreme Court.
  We will defy them.
  We will be out by the fountain.
  We will be out by the millions.
  We're going to take every effort and try everything we can to overcome what they have done to us today.
  No!
  We are not going back!
  We're taking back what's ours!
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Hey!
  Stop!
  
  
  
  Hey, hey, stop! Stop!
  
  We're having a speech hour!
  We've got to fight for America.
  We're standing on our own two feet.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Gentlemen, I know how painful and devastating the decision is for so many Americans.
  And I mean so many Americans.
  The decision is implemented by states.
  My administration is going to focus on.
  Nothing this morning, though, honest.
   and whether or not they violate other laws, like deciding to not allow people to cross
  state lines to get public health services.
   And we're going to take actions to protect women's rights and reproductive health.
  Nothing this morning though, honest.
  We're here to, on a critical issue.
  We want to stop the crazy shooter in New Balding.
   You know, I'm about to sign into law bipartisan safety, gun safety legislation.
  And time is of the essence.
  When we return from Europe, Joe and I will be hosting an event in the White House on July 11th to mark this historic achievement.
  With members who voted for these families, and the families who, in fact, were victimized by the gun shooting that we've seen.
  So, so, so incredible to see so much of it.
  Can't even talk.
  And, uh, and advocates have worked really hard to do something.
  Can't even read off a teleprompter.
  I've been at this work for a long, long time.
  And I know how hard it is, and I know what it takes to get it done.
  I was there 30 years ago, the last time this nation passed meaningful gun safety.
  I'd like to thank the leaders and members of the House and Senate for working together to get this done.
  I especially want to thank the families.
  Joe and I, many of whom we sat with for hours.
  That's what they do.
  They hold you hostage to violent events.
  So many we've gotten to know who lost their souls to an epidemic of gun violence.
  They lost their child and their wife.
  Nothing is going to fill that void in their hearts.
  But they led the way.
  Alright, I've heard enough of this guy.
  Let's go back to the archive from 2013, Piers Morgan, and then we're going to get into the Roe v. Wade, the Second Amendment.
  We're going to have reporters on the ground in D.C.
  live.
  Let's go to that.
  Okay.
   took the guns, Stalin took the guns, Mao took the guns, Fidel Castro took the guns, Hugo
   Chavez took the guns, and I'm here to tell you, 1776 will commence again if you try to
  take our firearms.
   It doesn't matter how many lemmings you get out there on the street begging for them to
  have their guns taken.
  We will not relinquish them.
  Do you understand?
   That's why you're going to fail and the establishment knows, no matter how much propaganda, the
  republic will rise again when you attempt to take our guns.
   Well, as you can see, a major quickening is now upon us right now.
  Good things are happening.
  Bad things are happening.
  Horrible things are unfolding.
  Really good things are coming onto the scene.
  We're in the quickening right now, and it's just going to get more insane and more out of control from this point on.
  It is 11.36 central time, Saturday, emergency broadcast, InfoWars reports live from the D.C.
  Roe v. Wade riots.
  We're going to have Savannah Hernandez and Drew Hernandez, both investigative journalists, reporting coming up at noon central time in 23 minutes from now.
  And then we will continue with a lot of other critical news I didn't get to Thursday and Friday that's so important.
  I've gone through both Thursday and Friday stacks, a lot of really critical stuff like human animal cloning coming on the scene, weaponized monkeypox, new lockdowns being prepared, the UN power grab, that's all coming up after Savannah and Drew leave us later in the next hour.
  Okay, so let's go over it.
  There are Antifa signs being put up in Phoenix, Arizona, Austin, Texas, Washington, D.C.
  that are being coordinated with the same signs nationwide.
  George Soros and the Democratic Party openly fund Antifa as their brownshirt intimidators or bullies or thugs.
  On the streets, and they're putting signs up everywhere saying, engage in violence against Christians, against pro-lifers, against conservatives, against police, you name it.
  Creating an incredible climate of fear.
  Now, this is organized, this is racketeering.
  They breached the Capitol in Phoenix, attacked other capitals, tried to attack the Supreme Court, went to the homes of the Supreme Court justices, three of them have been put into hiding.
  This is all going on.
  So here's some of the headlines.
  Developing at least two Supreme Court justices have been moved, now that's three, to safe locations due to threats of violence from the left.
   The Washington Post, of course, is now pointing out the truth, and we're going to play a clip of this, that Trump actually said in 2016, and that's coming up, we have that clip in a moment, that He would appoint justices that would repeal and that would overturn Roe v. Wade.
  And that has now happened.
  So that's a big feather in Trump's hat.
  When Trump does good, which is most of the time, man do we love him.
  And he needs credit for that.
  Just like DeSantis gets credit.
  And when he's wrong, he's wrong.
  When he's right, he's right.
  And that's why he's such a paradox.
  Because he was even straightforward about warp speed and the damn shots.
  He was wrong about it, but at least it was straightforward.
  I'm not defending it.
  This is a big deal.
  More protests expected this week amid fury and anguish over Roe v. Wade reversal.
  Yes, you might not be able to kill all those children that you want to.
  Breaking update on AZ insurrection.
  Violent Planned Parenthood mob attacks Arizona Senate building.
  Began breaking into the building and were tear gassed by the police.
  All that video is up on Infowars.com.
  Insurrection.
  Senate evacuated after pro-choice rioters and teachers breached security.
  Pro-choice activists are tear gassed as they breach Arizona Capitol building.
  Again, all those videos are up on InfoWars.com.
   And then we have this report that we're going to get to in a moment.
   *dies* Uh, dealing with what Bill Gates and George Soros have said about this, and what Trump has said about it, what the Vatican has not said about it, and so much more.
  But first, here's the sign being put up in D.C., Austin, Texas, and Phoenix.
  There's video of this being put up everywhere.
   It says, no face, no snitching, no live streams, no prints or DNA, no visible tattoos, no noticeable hair, no distinguishing clothes, shoes, hats, black Backpacks, backpacks, no incriminating text or social media post, no cell phone location data.
  No case.
  Go out and commit your crimes.
  So the left knows they're being surveilled.
  They control Twitter and Facebook and the rest of it to surveil you.
   But when they go out and commit crimes, they know exactly What to do?
  But the millions of people that protest for populism and for life every year, we're not hiding anything.
  But then when a few people in a crowd commit violence, the controlled media that's the enemy of the people says that we're all guilty, a la January 6th.
  Unacceptable setback.
  Bill Gates, George Soros, condemned Supreme Court Roe v.
  Wade overturn.
   Continuing, Trump says Roe v. Wade was overturned because he delivered on
  everything as promised.
  And boy, was he telling the truth.
  We've got the flashback video.
  It's up on InfoWars.com.
  I suggest you share it, because it's so fashionable just to bash Trump for what he's been wrong about.
   But what about the things he did that were good, like secure the border, get fair trade deals, Make us the number one energy producer again in the world.
  Bring back American jobs.
  Pull out of the WHO.
  Get Roe v. Wade overturned.
  And the list of accomplishments just are staggering of our populist victory getting him in.
  That's what makes it so disgusting when you've got this big giant punch bowl with delicious fruit flavors and rum in it.
  That Trump did, and that we did getting him in, and then Trump takes a rat turd and puts it right in there with the deadly shots and his pig-headedness.
  At least he's not pushing him anymore.
  That's better than nothing.
  But DeSantis is going around saying, don't take the shots.
  And that's what we need to be hearing from Trump.
  We'll all forgive Trump for them lying to him and stampeding him to reopen the economy.
  We get why he did it.
  But admit that these deadly mRNA shots should not be your signature policy.
  Because, as all the evidence comes out, and I've got a stack on that coming up as well, that these are deadly shots and they knew they were deadly, Trump now going along with that, he becomes an accomplice.
  And he begins to move into the category of enemy.
  He's far from that, but he's orbiting in.
  Here's the enemy zone, and he's moving towards that zone right now.
  As all the evidence comes out, and we know he's not stupid, and he goes along with this, please, Trump, don't make yourself an enemy.
  But I cannot let the children, now six months and older, be targeted with this.
  It's the line of sand.
  It's our Rubicon.
  It's our red line, and it's got to stop.
  And I know the family listens.
  I know a lot of people close to Trump listen, and I'm going to leave it at that.
  I know they've talked to Trump about this, and he has at least stopped promoting it.
  With that idiot, Bill O'Reilly.
  But I'm begging Trump, because I know you're a good person.
  I know the globalists hate your guts because you stood against them.
  Stop it.
  I know it was too inviting to be the hero, get the economy re-going, and they held you hostage saying we can't reopen things until there's a vaccine, it'll be two years.
  Very child-level psychology.
  And Trump then took the bait.
  Hook, line, and sinker.
  And that's the thing about idiot savants.
  And I really think Trump is a savant.
  He does really genius things, he says genius things, he's extremely hard-working, very intense, but then he's got blind spots.
  Well, in the blind spot now, as the truth of what's going on starts to come out.
  So I then asked Trump, why are you doing what you're doing?
  I'm harping on it.
  I'm going to move on to the other big news and hit that later.
  But back to the positive about Trump.
  Here's Trump saying what he would do on the campaign trail in a debate with Hillary five plus years ago.
  Almost six years ago, and then delivering in royal flush.
  Delivering in grand slam.
  We salute you, Trump.
  Great job.
  We love you for this.
  Please don't make us come after you politically.
  Please.
  Please, don't destroy yourself, because the Santas in every poll is ahead of Trump on the vaccine issue, because of the vaccine issue.
  Trump is destroying himself in front of us, and we shouldn't be so happy to just gang up on him because he had the election stolen from him and say, oh, you know, we're not with Trump now.
  No, we should use our loyal opposition to him, to the issues he's wrong on, to get his ass in line and to pray for President Trump.
  But I digress.
  Here's something really good we can say about Trump.
  Talk about delivering the goods.
  Here it is.
  Do you want to see the court overturn?
  You've just said you want to see the court protect the Second Amendment.
  Do you want to see the court overturn Roe v. Wade?
  Well, if we put another two or perhaps three justices on, that's really what's going to be, that will happen.
  And that'll happen automatically, in my opinion, because I am putting pro-life justices on the court.
  I will say this, it will go back to the states, and the states will then make a determination.
  Donald has said he's in favor of defunding Planned Parenthood.
  He even supported shutting the government down to defund Planned Parenthood.
  I will defend Planned Parenthood.
  I will defend Roe v. Wade, and I will defend women's rights to make their own health care decisions.
  And we have come too far to have that turn back now.
   Indeed, he said women should be punished, that there should be some form of punishment for women who If you go with what Hillary is saying in the ninth month, you can take the baby and rip the baby out of the womb of the mother just prior to the birth of the baby.
  Now, you can say that's okay and Hillary can say that's okay, but it's not okay with me.
  Because based on what she's saying and based on where she's going and where she's been, you can take the baby and rip the baby out of the womb in the ninth month, on the final day, and that's not acceptable.
   Well, that is not what happens in these cases, and using that kind of Scare rhetoric is just terribly unfortunate.
  You should meet with some of the women that I've met with.
  Women I've known over the course of my life.
  This is one of the worst possible choices that any woman and her family has to make.
  And I do not believe the government should be making it.
  And I can tell you the government has no business in the decisions that women make with their families, in accordance with their faith, with medical advice.
  And I will stand up for that right.
  Nobody has business doing what I just said, doing that as late as one or two or three or four days prior to birth.
  Nobody has that.
  All right.
  Wow.
  Good job, President Trump.
  And he is our president.
  And even if he was a bad guy, which he's not, they stole that election from us.
  Not just him.
  He is the president.
  And I told Trump, I said, they're going to censor you if you don't stand up against censorship.
  And then he would change the subject.
  Aren't you sick of this Russia, Russia, Russia?
  And that's why I got to the point where I'd miss calls from Trump and stuff.
  Okay, big deal.
  I didn't want to have the phone calls because I didn't ignore the phone calls.
  I just wouldn't get upset when I missed them.
  Probably missed 20 calls from Trump over the years for the few I had with him.
  It's always the White House, it always says, number protected, you know, it always says, color blocked, and then it's, will you talk to the President?
  Yeah, sure, I'll talk to him.
  They patch you through to him.
  And it was just like I was a constituent that he was telling how great I was.
  And it would always be exactly five minutes.
  I got where I could have my watch and go, okay, 30 seconds, he's gonna go, sorry, gotta go, sorry, click.
  I'd be like, listen, they have stay-behind networks that Obama put in place, and here's the name of the bill, and here's the code, and that's how they're spying on you, sir.
  And man, obviously his phones were tapped.
  They admit that it was officially being recorded.
  And that's when I was made public enemy number one, was because I had a direct line to Trump.
  Hell, I've still got the line.
  But it's like talking to a brick wall.
  He says what he wants.
  And then does not take your advice.
  That's what frustrates Roger Stone, everybody.
  And again, I don't want to go back into reminiscing about Trump.
  It just makes me really like the guy, how he did this with Roe v. Wade.
  And it makes me very frustrated.
  He's a sweetheart too.
  When I got married, he got my wife's phone number and called up to congratulate her.
  And tell her how great I am.
  I mean, that's the kind of guy... But I'm telling you, it's very Sivan-ish, it's very weird.
  And, and...
  I'm going to move away from that now.
  The point is, is that I want Trump to be successful and I want him to wake up and I want him to be the leader he is.
  And that's why I say, go to his rallies and put pressure on him about the vaccines and our vaccines.
  Get him to pull out on this because it's coming out.
  It's killing people.
  They had major testimony in Tennessee with high level scientists and doctors in the legislature that you're more likely to die or get COVID if you've had the shots.
  That's now admitted.
  He has to decouple himself.
  From this, or it will destroy him.
  But I'm digressing.
  Coming up, Savannah Hernandez, Drew Hernandez.
  Again, no relation.
  Both great investigative reporters and journalists.
  They're both in D.C.
  right now.
  They're actually together.
  They're going to be joining us coming up here in about eight minutes from now, when we go into the noontime Central Texas hour.
  Then we're also going to look at this horrible legislation, bipartisan legislation, that a bunch of Republican, Benedict Arnold's went along with, that does create pre-crime in this country.
  And if you thought the left calling the police on you because you weren't wearing a mask, or you weren't social distancing, or you were having a barbecue in the last few years was bad, this gives them the power.
  You think swatting's bad?
  It's happened a bunch to Tim Pool.
   It's happened to me quite a bit, but we were advised, I'll just admit it now here, To not give it a bunch of attention or they do it more, but we've been swatted repeatedly as well.
  And luckily the police know my address and home address and they learn, they just tell us about it later.
  They drop by and, hey Alex, how you doing?
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, somebody said you were killing people in your house or your house was on fire, yeah, it's, or you know, your business, there were dead bodies in the parking lot.
  None of it was real.
   Well, imagine not just swatting now, They've been like Tim Pool like 10 times at his rural compound in West Virginia.
  Now anybody who wants to can just call up and say, I just think he's crazy.
  I just think he's dangerous.
  Go take his guns away.
   When in the case of all these mass shooters, Everybody knew what they were going to do.
  The police were trying to arrest him and were barred from doing it.
  And then we have the police chiefs having the police stand down in Ubaldi for 77 minutes.
  We're going to be getting into all of that.
  But then there's the silver lining that the Supreme Court ruled that all these states barring concealed carries and making it a luxury, making it a privilege, not a right, if you're not a felon.
  That's all reversed.
  So that's being overshadowed by this pre-crime 1984 meets Brave New World Kafka-esque piece of legislation.
  We've got all of that coming up here as well today.
  Now let me just get this out there.
  I believe in symbiotic relationships.
  Like if you're married, you want to take care of your wife.
  You want her to be happy.
  She wants to take care of you.
  She wants to make you happy.
  Scratch my back, I scratch yours, we're on a team.
  And nobody can operate in this world without being a team.
  The globalists are about breaking down teamwork in society so they can consolidate power and control.
  Because they've got their corporations all organized and working as teams.
  They don't want anybody else working as a team.
  Not churches, not small businesses, not farms, not factories that they don't control.
  That's what the New World Order is, is a global forced destabilization program.
   So when I talk about symbiosis or symbiotic relationships or non-zero-sum games,
  that's critical to the whole future of the world.
   That's the competing system of tyranny and oppression is liberty in the Renaissance and Christ system
   of doing to others as you have them doing to you and being willing to lay down your life for your brother.
  That's the next level of it.
  And then nobody has problems when people are willing to lay down their lives for others while everybody's protected them.
  See, it's not like, oh, I'm just laying my life down for no reason here because I'm so selfless and I'm so good.
  No, everybody's willing to lay their life down for their neighbor.
  You got backup, and they got backup.
  See how that works?
   In fact, if I was just a really evil sociopath, but cared about my family, This is key.
  Listen to me very carefully.
  I'm not an evil sociopath.
  I'm the opposite.
  Totally, you know, hard on my sleeve.
  I can also make cold decisions.
  But if I truly was just an evil sociopath that only cared about myself and my family and my power, I would actually be for what Jesus said about, do unto others as you have done unto you, and lay down your life for others.
  Because when everybody has that attitude, you live in a utopia, basically.
  It's not perfect, but it's close.
  You begin to approach it.
  But see, I said the word evil there.
  Sociopath, okay.
  A sociopath can look at that and say, yeah, the system of freedom is better for me and better for everybody.
  I'm gonna go with that.
  But see, the word evil enters the equation.
  Evil wants to hurt people.
  Evil wants to enslave people.
  Evil wants to dominate and make people poor to control them.
  Evil doesn't want prosperity and justice and freedom.
   And so even though for the average evil person serving corruption, And hurting their own future in the process.
  They can't help it because they like the idea of dominating somebody.
  Now don't get me wrong, we have instincts to dominate people if they start a fight with us.
  Let me tell you, and I'm guilty of it, but it's an instinct God gave me, so I understand how it works.
  You've got to balance it.
  But somebody starts beating the living hell out of me, it feels good to get them down and pound that head in the concrete.
  Then you've got to watch them in a coma, you've got to hear about them dying six months later, and then you feel sorry you went a little too far.
   But in that moment of banging their head in the concrete, Because they thought they were going to beat you and you're like, no, I'm beating you.
  See how that feels?
  I'm going to really ram your head in the ground.
  Because I've got more will than you.
  But see, you don't use that will to go out and dominate innocent people or run over poor people or kill unborn babies.
  I use my will of destructive power, real power, to take on evil people.
  And that's why they hate our guts, because I've got their number.
  I'm not a wolf feeding on sheep.
  And I'm not a sheep.
  I'm a big, mean sheepdog that loves to bite wolves and to tear their throats out.
  And I will do it all day long, and I will not be stopped.
  And I love the fight.
  And the enemies persecuting me does nothing but fuel my fight.
  I'll get you in the end, and you know I will.
  I will break you, because I've got the power of God on my side.
  Just trying to give people a little window into instincts God gave us that get twisted and become evil.
  And it's a very fine line.
  And most people that serve evil want that power because they don't really have it, and it becomes a mutation of what God gave us.
  So, we're going to go to these reports, then go to Savannah Hernandez and Drew Hernandez.
  But where I was trying to get around to was this.
  Everything I do is symbiotic.
  Any product we sell you is the highest quality.
  Anything we push or promote is the very best I can find.
  That's why I hate sponsors, because you go out, you get them, even though they're high-rated, sometimes they're not perfect, you know, I'm doing the best job I can.
  That's what really matters is the intent.
  But when it comes to storable food, we really do have the biggest company in the U.S.
  It was only around 14 years ago, and it's now become the biggest because they have the best quality at the lowest prices.
  That's how it works.
  And they've got all the water filtration, all the air filtration, all the preparedness goods at very low prices.
  Some of it's the lowest you're going to find.
  Some's not the lowest, but it's close to it.
  It's an incredible deal at preparetoday.com.
  Preparetoday.com with the inflation and the shortages and all the things that are coming.
  I believe you are insane if you don't go to preparetoday.com and get a six month, a three month, a year supply of water filtration, air filtration.
  You need that anyways with all the stuff in the water.
  And the year, and they've got the highest rated systems at prices half that when it comes to water and air filtration.
  Because they want to dominate the market.
  Now, the problem is we make 20-30% because there's not much markup, but we do sell a crap ton of it.
  So, preparetoday.com, preparetoday.com, preparetoday.com, or preparewithalex.com takes you to the same place.
  We no longer sell this horrible food on InfoWars because that way there's not even a middleman.
  They run it.
  It's all theirs.
  We just get the credit.
  It's a clone of their whole site.
  Up to date by the minute, the very best deals, preparetoday.com.
  InfowarsTore.com has great t-shirts, great books, great films.
  Critical to go there as well.
  Keep us on air.
  That's what allows us to do what we do here in the face of the tyrants I salute.
  I thank you all for being our commissioners.
  By that you commission us, you fund us for the war.
  And you've got people totally, absolutely committed 100% like a laser beam to defeat the New World Order.
  And we will deliver you victory if you back us.
  Or die trying.
  Let me tell you something, though.
  They could kill me tomorrow or put me in prison tomorrow.
  Infowars has already been the most devastating weapon against these people ever because of your support.
  But I know God's got bigger plans for me, and the enemy's scared of those plans.
  So I need you to put me in the field.
  And you back me, you put me in that game.
  I am just now hitting my stride at 48 years old.
  I've been in this battle since I was 20.
  You put me in the game, I'll give you everything I got, and I will deliver!
  But I can only do it if I've got your prayer, your spiritual will, your psychic power, your word of mouth, and your money!
  And we have products you need that are excellent, symbiotic, 360 win.
  Let's go to these reports.
  We'll be back with Savannah Hernandez and Drew Hernandez.
  Constitution's Bill of Rights is arguably the most revolutionary act of government in all of recorded history.
  And some Americans seem to think it's a law that allows a citizen to own a firearm for self-protection.
  That is false.
  This was true before the American Revolution.
  All throughout history, there were laws created by the ruling power that allowed certain citizens to carry certain weapons for self-protection.
  But that's not what the Second Amendment is at all.
  The Second Amendment officially recognizes the God-given birthright that every American innately possesses.
  Freedom.
  Every single American down to the lowest commoner has the right to arm themselves and constitute themselves in a militia.
  The Second Amendment does not grant us the right.
  It stands to protect our natural rights from government.
  It is the bane of every tyrant and control freak, because before the Second Amendment, only the ruling class had standing armies.
  The Second Amendment is the only remedy man has ever wielded against a corrupt government.
  And it can't be taken away or infringed upon unless we fail future generations and allow it, which is already happening.
  Several states have unlawfully stripped Americans of their birthright and imposed infringements upon gun ownership, which has only increased the amount of gun violence in those areas because criminals don't obey laws.
  And even though the Supreme Court recently honored the Second Amendment, our corrupt Congress is working together to infringe upon all Americans.
  No matter what happened in Uvalde, Texas, we know that the police stood down and allowed it to happen.
  And after Hollywood dispatched their latest celebrity prostitute with political aspirations to dance on the graves of children, we know why they stood down.
  Unless you're a brainwashed zombie, it's crystal clear why the government is desperately trying to challenge the Second Amendment.
  The U.S.
  government is not only guilty of committing crimes against the American people, they're guilty of committing crimes against humanity and international war crimes.
  It is in fact the American citizen's duty to remedy the situation and restore the Republic.
  Violence may often be a solution in human affairs, but it is never a good solution, and it requires very little courage to kill, if any at all.
  And that brings us to the First Amendment.
  The First Amendment is not nearly as revolutionary as the Second, but it requires more courage to wield.
  To peacefully stand against evil with your individual voice alone requires great courage.
  And if enough people were able to muster that courage, then the light of truth would overcome the darkness, and the American people would become a righteous people.
  This is why the tyrants in Washington, D.C.
  want to convict Julian Assange under the Espionage Act.
  They see it as a viable way to circumvent the First Amendment.
  If they can convict Assange, they can convict Tucker Carlson, and Alex Jones, and anyone who exposes their corruption.
  And then what?
  Immediately following the Supreme Court's decision to recognize the Second Amendment, they overturned Roe v. Wade, another constitutional victory.
  The tyrants and their pro-abortionists see children as a commodity, a slave.
  Or a piece of property to dispose of as its owner sees fit.
  But our American birthright applies to every living American.
  As revolutionary as it may be, the Bill of Rights is nothing more than a lawful remedy that we inherited.
  It merely recognizes our natural freedom.
  To actually secure this freedom requires the courage and the will of the people.
  Our government's job is not to change our Constitution.
  Their job is to secure it and abide by it, which is what only one Supreme Court judge seems interested in doing.
  In the recent Supreme Court arguments, the majority of judges expressed their concern that their decision would be used to overturn other recent decisions.
  Specifically, constitutional laws pertaining to contraception, sodomy, and gay marriage.
  And Judge Thomas alone made it clear that these decisions should be overturned.
   And he's right, because all of these perverse concessions Are nothing more than attacks on our Constitution.
  And if Americans were a serious and righteous people, we would preserve our American birthright for generations to come.
  Reporting for InfoWars, this is Greg Reese.
  Thanks for watching.
  Jones admits he's an actor.
  Or Tucker Carlson says nobody would take me seriously.
  Where did we say that?
  We never said that.
  They just say we said that.
  But where's the clip?
  Where's the article?
  Where do we say that?
  It doesn't exist.
  Alex Jones is playing a character and is a performance artist.
  Jones is playing a character on his radio show.
  The radio rants of Alex Jones are just an act.
  He's actually a performance artist.
  He's a performance artist.
  Alex Jones is a fake.
  They're lying to you because they think you're stupid.
  And it's all based on the custody battle with my ex-wife five years ago.
  And she was trying to put into evidence me dressed up more than a decade before, like the Joker, being sarcastic, saying, take your Prozac, kids.
  Take your illegal drugs, too.
  You'll die.
  It's fun.
  So people wouldn't take drugs.
  And they wanted to enter that in evidence and say, look, he's insane telling kids to use drugs.
  And my lawyer went, when Jack Nicholson plays the part of the Joker, no one thinks that's really Jack Nicholson.
  So yeah, when I've been Cobra Commander.
  Hail Cobra!
  Or Optimus Prime.
  Autobots, let's roll!
  Or the Joker, because I can do imitations of them all really good.
  Or Darth Vader.
  Don't act so surprised, globalist.
  You didn't think you could silence the American people, did you?
  Do I really think I'm Darth Vader?
  No.
  Do I think I'm Optimus Prime, Republic Commander, the Joker?
  No.
  And clearly, no reasonable person would think when I'm doing satire that what I'm saying is what I really think.
  No one believes the Babylon Bee.
  It's not trying to lie to you, it's being sarcastic.
  Buy the Vaccinate Me Elmo doll today.
  It's required by the CDC.
  But they play those games.
  And that's why I don't joke around as much as I used to.
  Even though I tell people, okay, this is a joke, this isn't serious, they clip it out and they say, no, this is what he really believes.
  Every day when I leave work, I do this.
  That man's a threat to this country.
  And they go, look, he admitted in court he's an actor.
  Well, yeah, I was an actor in Scanner Darkly.
  I was an actor in Waking Life.
  I was an actor when I was Cobra Commander.
  But it doesn't mean that Alex Jones, the talk show host, up here reading news articles to you isn't a real thing and isn't something I'm actually saying.
  And you know that!
  You're insulted right now.
  I'm even explaining that to you.
  And so am I. But that's who these people are.
  You don't know the power of the dark side.
  Am I really Darth Vader?
  I think Alex Jones seems really talented.
  He's smart.
  He's funny as hell.
  He's truly funny.
  I'm kind of retarded.
  
   Now that I've done those imitations, those little jokes, do you now not listen to what I say about other things
   when I show you a powerful news article by Dr. Joseph Mercola on InfoWars.com?
  It has all the cited information.
  The latest tragedy, sudden adult death syndrome.
  No, that's a real thing.
  That's something happening in the real world.
  And that's what we're breaking down here today.
  I am Alex Jones.
  And I am the guy on this show every day.
  I am an American.
   And that's what I promote is freedom and justice and liberty and they can't stand it.
  
  
  InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's news today.
  Big Brother.
  Mainstream media.
  Government cover-ups.
  You want to stop tyranny?
  Well, so does he.
  Live from the InfoWars.com studios, it's Alex Jones.
   Alright, coming to you from the heart of Texas, Austin, the ATX, with our great Reporters out there on the ground, Drew Hernandez and then Savannah Hernandez, no relation, both work for different media outlets.
  We're glad they contribute to InfoWars.
  And so Drew Hernandez is in front of the embattled Supreme Court after a night of riots across the country, a breaching of the Capitol in Phoenix, Arizona, and so much more.
  A lot of incredible reports.
  He's filed his Twitter account that we'll be b-rolling and showing on screen for you.
  You were there last night, you and Savannah, in the middle of this.
  Drew Hernandez, give us your breakdown on what you're witnessing and what you think is happening.
  Alex, well good to see you.
  Here we are.
  This is a historic moment in American history and world history where Roe v. Wade has been overturned yesterday.
  And yes, even yesterday there were thousands of people.
  The crowd is not even at that size right now, but who knows?
  It may get bigger as the day goes on here in Washington, D.C.
  The death cult is out and they are calling for violence.
  We saw that yesterday when I was out here, Alex.
  AOC, Congresswoman AOC, was literally out here.
  Calling the Supreme Court's decision and them illegitimate and calling for people to flood the street.
  Hours later, we did see the insurrection take place in Arizona.
  We saw some scuffles and some people going after police in Los Angeles and New York and arrests have been made.
  So this is the playbook, Alex, and you know this.
  They want this destabilization and these left-wing globalists, these Democrat politicians, they come out and they radicalize their base.
  And I watched it in real time.
  Out here, D.C.
  has mobilized probably the heaviest police presence I've seen in a long time, I think, in the nation post this decision.
  So it makes sense that there wasn't as much violence as we thought there was going to be.
  But, like I said, Arizona was a definite insurrection last night.
  They went up to the windows.
  They were shaking the windows.
  It looked like they were trying to breach the building.
  So then obviously... Well, they started forcing the doors open.
  That's when they used tear gas.
  Absolutely.
  But that's the insurrection, Alex.
  It's interesting that you see, oh, they have this show trial, the J6 trial going on right here in Washington, D.C., literally across the way.
  And then you have AOC walk out of the Capitol and call for insurrection right in front of the Supreme Court.
  But we know that they're all on the same side.
  They own all the free letter agencies.
  The deep state is there.
  But that's why they're allowed to do this.
  They're allowed to call for violence.
  They're allowed to call for insurrection because they're all on the same team.
  We know that.
  Well, that's right.
  You're a smart cookie.
  You have been covering for years antifa, violence, and the border everywhere.
  Clearly, I'm going to show some of the flyers in a moment, they're calling for violence everywhere.
  Where do you see this going?
   Well, we know that this now goes down to the state's individual decisions, which is ironic that they're rioting in Los Angeles or New York, where The governors have made it very clear that abortion is going to stay legal.
  Exactly!
  I was going to make that point.
  Why are they attacking police in jurisdictions where baby killing is still legal?
  Because they're stupid, Alex.
  They're stupid people.
  They're NPCs.
  They don't think.
  They don't have a brain.
  AOC comes out here and just mobilizes them and radicalizes them, and they take to the streets because they're the useful idiots.
  We know that.
  It's a basic answer.
  But, Alex, this is what they're doing, and this is what they're going to continue to do.
  My guess is this, okay?
  We know this is going to go back down to the state, and this is the death toll.
  These people want to kill babies.
  They want to be able to murder babies inside the womb and outside the womb.
  They're going to continue to do this.
  And I think we're going to start to see some more violence taking place across the nation as this does go back down to the individual state.
  So that's going to probably happen for the rest of the summer.
  Drew Hernandez, I could ask a hundred questions, but what are your observations, what you saw last night in the Capitol?
  Well, last night here in front of the Supreme Court, there were thousands of people here.
  There were people.
  They're calling the Supreme Court illegitimate.
  They were handing out the addresses to the Supreme Court justices here in D.C.
  in further attempts to intimidate the legal system.
  It's interesting how, like, when it comes to J6, they're like, oh, the Trump supporters and everyone that accused the election of being illegitimate, they're insurrectionists.
  They don't trust our government.
  They don't trust our process.
  And they just want to overthrow the system.
  Well, right now, when it comes to killing babies, the death toll is out here in full force, literally calling this court illegitimate and they're calling for acts of violence.
  So, I mean, the American people at this point, Alex, just need to be able to see this for what it is and make decisions on themselves and see who really are the violent domestic terrorists.
  And I think it's clear who that is now.
  Well, that's right, Drew.
  And I'm going to bring up a clip that they've been showing for TV viewers, for radio listeners.
  I'll describe it.
  You see Antifa marching there last night and today with a big sign saying, the government does not control our bodies.
  And I agree with them, but Antifa from Australia to Germany to the US to Canada to the UK, that you name it, went out and terrorized people and said, you need to take more shots, we need more lockdowns, we need to be made to wear masks.
   But this is a baby, another human inside a body that has God-given rights, constitutional rights, civil rights.
  That's why there's that argument.
  But they have no argument when it comes to the experimental mRNA shots.
  They're funded by Soros.
  They're funded by big money.
  BLM's funded by big corporations.
  And here they are acting like revolutionaries, saying, you don't control our body.
  While the left is now, with their controlled FDA, they had to fire three boards.
  They finally got a fourth board that would say, give it to six-month-olds and up.
  when it destroys your immune system and gives them blood clots.
   So here they are saying, you don't control our bodies, but then they want control of
   our bodies. I mean, what do you make of that contradiction? Well, Alex, they're
   not, I'll say this, Antifa, the black bloc Antifa you see out here in the
  United States is not really Antifa.
  What do I mean?
  They're not anti-fascists.
  They're not even anarchists.
  These people are the real fascists.
  They uphold their own rules and they suppress and they oppress the press.
  They suppress anyone that has a difference of an opinion.
  They use acts of violence, that's why they're domestic terrorists, in order to go after anyone that's a political opponent.
  Oh, you're right.
  They say they don't believe in free speech, they're going to use violence to silence speech.
  That's the bad guys.
  Absolutely.
  They're the bad guys.
  They're the real fascists.
  They're the ones that want this totalitarian regime.
  They're the ones that enforce it!
  AOC comes out here, and who hits the street and starts threatening people?
  Antifa!
  They're not really Antifa.
  They just hide behind the name Alex, and you and I both know that.
  These people are just LARPers.
  They're the real fascists.
  I know they've targeted Andy to go, Savannah Hernandez and you, and I know you're not a wimp here and don't want to talk about being targeted, but people want to know, you've been targeted before.
  What's going on with your security, your safety out there?
  Yeah, well, I remain to do everything undercover, Alex.
  That's what I've always done.
  I've been doing that since I started in 2020.
  I've been getting very good at it.
   I would say that at this point, I'm actually, you know, kind of ahead of what they're used to on-the-ground journalists doing, so I don't want to disclose my ways, but I have my ways.
  But right now out here, there aren't the Antifa type.
  It's just the death cult, the regular SJWs that get mobilized by these Democrats that don't even know what they believe and why they believe it.
  So right now we can kind of get away with being around here.
   And there's tons of media out here right now, but I guarantee you, If I pulled an Alex Jones or if Savannah pulled an Alex Jones right now and pulled out a megaphone and started saying, baby, lives matter, we would get swarmed immediately, that's for sure.
  Well, I know Savannah's right there with you, and I want to get her there as well and have you the rest of the hour.
  I know it's 95 degrees out there, but can you march up to that, for radio listeners, about 100 yards away from you, for those, again, who can't see this.
  Yeah, can you go up to that line and maybe talk to some of those crazies?
  All right, Drew Hernandez is walking up to the leftist death cult as he said it.
  We're talking about a mindless, pathetic group of losers.
  I don't say that meanly, I wish they weren't, but zombie-like, mindless people parroting New World Order propaganda.
  Let's go to this feed as Drew Hernandez, Savannah Hernandez, and their camera person walks up to this wall of pro-death cult people.
  Here it is.
  Let's see if some of these people will talk to us.
  Yeah, Drew, you're hosting.
  Go ahead and speak.
  I'm going to shut up.
  So what's the big message today?
  Why are you guys out here?
  Have you had any abortions at all?
  I have not.
  Okay, so how does that apply to you?
  If you've never had an abortion, why does that matter to you?
  Do you plan on ever having an abortion?
  Ever?
  I should be able to if I want to.
  If I may.
  Okay, but you've never had an abortion.
  Okay, so what is your, how does it make sense?
   Are you the type of individual that was for the vaccine, that was for mandates across
  the United States of America?
  Yes or no?
  Yes.
  You were, so you don't not see the correlation there?
   How it's my body, my choice when it comes to murdering babies, but not when it comes
  to forced mandated vaccines?
  If I may.
   Nobody would really know what they would do unless they're in that situation.
  I used to be pro-life when I was younger, growing up.
  I thought that was sad.
  I thought I considered it a human.
  And then I grew up.
  So which biological fact or scientific fact led you to believe it's not a human?
  Because it's not.
  So a fetus is not a human?
  Is it a dog?
  Is it a cat?
  Uh, is it a lizard?
  So at what point does it not become a human or what point does it become a human?
  So if there's a baby in the womb at around eight, eight and a half... Yeah, who defines a human?
  Who defines a human?
  So if a parent wants to kill their two-year-old, can they define the two-year-old to kill them?
  So if you have an eight-month-old baby inside of the womb, that's not a human?
  No.
  Nobody's trying to support abortion.
  Uh, that's not true.
  In Los Angeles, they're actually, in California, they're pushing for post-birth abortion.
  That's not what we're fighting for.
  So you don't support post-birth?
  We're fighting for the women.
  A lot of these people out here do.
  Do you think it's a woman's right to choose if she has the baby and she claims it has defects after the baby comes out?
  Uh, she should be able to kill the baby or not?
  Alright, let's move on to the next libtard.
  Alex, you see, like, these people have no idea what they believe, why they believe it's the perfect, like, see, they're yelling at us now, but, I mean, I, this is it, Alex, you ask these people, they don't believe that a fetus is a human, and you ask them, is it a lizard?
  Is it a dog?
  Is it a cat?
  What the hell is it?
  And they have no idea.
  And then you ask them, so at what point does it become a human?
  They don't have an answer.
  If it's a fetus inside, a baby inside the womb at eight months, they still can't say that's a human.
  We're showing incredible footage of electrochemical explosion.
  When a sperm pierces the egg, the egg decides to take it.
  There is an explosion of electrochemical power.
  Literally, as energy or the spirit enters it.
  Scientists can't even explain this, Drew.
  Absolutely.
  I mean, these people have no idea why they believe this stuff.
  Sir, are you out here for the pro-abortion movement?
  What's that?
  Let's see.
  What does your sign say?
  He's wearing a mask.
  He can't even talk.
  Get this last word on abortion.
  So, I mean, these women out here say no uterus, no opinion.
  So you're obviously a male.
  So how are you allowed to have an opinion?
  Well, I guess the reason I have an opinion and I feel I have one, right?
  I don't feel that!
  People, wait a minute!
   Wait a minute, I don't think- You have a penis, sir.
  You should not have an opinion, according to them.
  No.
  You don't have a uterus.
  How do you have an opinion, sir?
  Why are you out here?
   Because I don't think that- But it makes no sense.
   A woman should be able to decide whether a woman can make a decision-
  But how come you can?
  How come you can?
  I'm saying I'm against the idea of you making it.
  What do you mean I can have an opinion?
  You're a man just like I am, right?
  No, I think you should be prohibited.
  Are you pro-mandate?
  So do you.
  No. Yes, you do.
  No, I think you should be prohibited.
  Are you pro mandate, vaccine mandate?
  I don't know.
  I've given it some thought.
  I'm not sure.
  You're not sure?
  No.
  But I think it's interesting that you're a male and you're allowed to have an opinion if you're on the right side, but I'm a male and I can't have an opinion if I'm on the other side.
  You don't see the contradiction in that?
  Is that democracy?
  Is that freedom?
  No, I definitely see the difference because you're capable of creating damage.
  And you're not?
  No, because you want to make other people's decisions for them.
  So what about the baby?
  What about the baby being murdered?
  Okay, what about the children who wind up on the streets and you people don't want to do anything to help?
  See, but this is how these people get out.
  Are babies being murdered?
  You say babies being murdered?
  No.
   Yes, babies in the womb. Are you for abortions up to eight months, nine months?
  No. So is that a baby? Not at all.
  So you're not pro-abortion?
  Hey, do not touch her, sir!
  I didn't touch her!
  I blocked her fucking speech!
  Oh, don't you talk to me!
  Don't you take your fucking hands off me!
  Calm down!
  Calm down, sir!
  You're insane!
  That's the thing!
  Let's have a conversation!
  Calm down!
  Let's decide!
  No, let's not have a fucking conversation!
  You worthless little sack of shit!
  I guess the pandemic's over.
  What's wrong, sir?
  You like killing babies?
  You love killing babies?
  Yeah, I fucking love killing babies.
  You love killing babies, huh?
  You love that, don't you?
  You love that.
  See, the demon's coming out.
  Drew's amazing.
  Keep it going.
  Stay calm, sir.
  Uh-oh, Savannah's going now.
  would beat his ass so fast.
  Stay calm, sir.
  Sir, I'm not going to touch you.
  You think that you can speak to him?
  You get away from my son.
  How dare you touch him?
  Uh-oh, Savannah's going now.
  Don't mess with her.
  Savannah.
  Savannah Hernandez is in his face now.
  
  Go continue to kill babies in your death colts.
  Incredible.
  Drew, let's put Savannah for a while in front of the camera.
  If you guys can do it, let's go up to that line of people.
  Let's go up to that big line.
  Just show them.
  Be safe though.
  Savannah, you wanna go up to the line and just show these death cult freaks?
  Savannah?
   You know what, Alex? I'm tired of being out here. I just got back from the border in Yuma, Arizona,
   where there's an actual border crisis going around. You know what? This is the entire problem
   with this movement right now is that they're a movement of the press and the angels. They're
   the most violent group you will ever see. Guess what? Fuck anti-trade. It's literally murder.
   It's a sign of, you know, boredom. Why wouldn't we be here right now? So anyway, fuck you.
  Oh, they're getting swarmed by demonic freaks.
   All right, Alex. So this is what happens when you have a woman.
  Nobody wants to have sex with these women, I can tell you.
  No need for abortions with them.
  These women are the opposite of Viagra.
  Look at the harpies!
  Where did they find these people?
  This is the pro-abortion movement.
  It's all scrambled.
  Retreat from the death cult zombies for a moment while that group goes away.
  Maybe go back and be sarcastic and just interview them and say, why are you here?
  I would pull back for a moment, maybe two minutes.
  Let's pull back from the demons.
  You guys go in the shade, get some shade.
  And then I would go back and just let them say what they think.
  Savannah, keep going.
  Alex, I hate these people and I hate being out there and being quite honest with you.
  I'm out here trying to show the news, and I'm trying to show what's going on in front of the Supreme Court of the United States.
  Now these people say that they advocate for women and women's voices, but you saw what just happened.
  That man got violent, he came and he hit my camera, and he tried to assault a woman.
  So these are the most anti-choice, anti-white people, and that is why they advocate for killing those innocent among us in the womb.
  And that is why they're upset right now, because they can't kill innocent babies.
  Now guess what?
  You guys want to stop being sluts?
  Savannah, Savannah, Savannah, it's all scrambled.
  Take a five minute break.
  Get back to shade.
  They'll scurry back off like vampires.
  Savannah, Savannah, Savannah, it's all scrambled.
  Take a five minute break, get back to shade.
   They'll scurry back off like vampires, surprise her out in the sun, and then go back to the
  line if you can.
  Go back under a tree by yourself.
   So we can interview you in a few minutes, hear what you think about all this, because
  It's all scrambled.
  Then, if you want to, I want to put you in the middle of this.
  March back up to that line and just do interviews.
  Let's go back to Savannah.
  This is Alex, but again, what's happening right now is this group is following us, and now the police are telling us we need to retreat.
  This is what's happening.
  These people are saying, oh, we're going to follow you, and we're going to attack you, and then we're going to blame you for it.
  Again, this is the United States of America in 2022.
  You cannot have your own political opinion in our nation's capital without being violently attacked by domestic terrorists.
  Welcome to America.
  Well, that's right, Savannah.
  So why don't you go over.
  I know that tree there by the Supreme Court.
  Have an ice cream.
  We'll take a break for five minutes.
  They'll scurry away.
  They have no memory.
  They won't remember you in five minutes.
  And maybe walk up the side area and then just do interviews with folks, with these zombies, without letting them know you're pro-life so they don't attack you.
  But amazing.
  Savannah Hernandez, let me tell you.
  Drew Hernandez, Twitter.
  Let's do this.
   That's Drew H Live, DrewHLive.com, Savannah Hernandez, True Social, Sav Says, Instagram,
  @savs1n and website SavSaysOfficial.com.
  Incredible people.
  We're going to come back.
  Let's do this.
  Let's let them regroup, cool off.
   Let the zombies and harpies, leave them alone for a few minutes.
  And let's go ahead and let's hear Greg Reese's report.
   Not the new one he just did today, but the one from Friday that was really powerful.
  Or a couple reports, air a few reports, a few promos here, and then let Savannah get away from them, and we'll come back and interview Savannah, and then her and Drew Hernandez, no relation, can then march back up to the front of that psychotic line.
   But don't say you're pro-life a little attack, just say, I want to worship Satan!
  They'll be like, come with us!
  We love the devil!
  I mean, literally, you're about to go into the belly of the death cult beast.
  We're going back to Savannah Hernandez in three minutes.
  Stay with us.
  And the CDC joyfully recommends that every child get one.
  I know many parents with very young children have been anticipating this day.
  We now know, based on rigorous scientific review, that the vaccines available here in the United States can be used safely and effectively in children under five.
  Vaccinating young children is a critical opportunity to protect them against hospitalization and death from COVID-19.
  Parents, I strongly encourage you to get your children vaccinated.
  The Pfizer and Moderna vaccines involve the radical new mRNA technology that we now know is spreading throughout the entire body and altering the person's DNA.
  Thousands of medical doctors have been speaking out about this, including one of the inventors of mRNA technology.
  Several nations have suspended these vaccines due to serious injuries and deaths.
  And yet, we are still being lied to by our own government, who wants us to sacrifice our youngest children.
  My name is Dr. Ashish Jha, and I am the White House COVID-19 Response Coordinator.
  I have some really exciting news.
  The FDA and the CDC just authorized vaccines for kids under 5.
  These vaccines are incredibly safe.
  They work to prevent serious illness.
  That's why I have gotten all three of my children vaccinated, and now if you're a parent of a kid under 5, this is a great time to go out and get your child protected.
  Get them vaccinated.
  The White House's official doctor has claimed that these vaccines are incredibly safe, which we know is a lie.
  There are more deadly side effects attributed to the COVID-19 vaccines than with any other vaccine in history.
  From severe allergic reactions to full-blown AIDS and sudden death.
  There is a well-documented risk of myocarditis in young men and adolescent boys, and severe blood clotting in young women.
  We have seen a massive increase in heart attacks and paralysis.
  The vaccinated keep getting sick, and it's now officially being reported that the more vaccinated you are, the more likely you are to get sick.
  We now know to expect late-onset effects from these vaccines, such as adverse immune response to infection, neurological disorders, autoimmune disease, and pregnancy-related problems.
  The vaccine was suspended in over a dozen countries because of massive blood clots.
  The UK reports a half a million deaths of the vaccinated, while the US is seeing a 20% increase in deaths and a 10% increase in disability.
  And even Pfizer has admitted in their own documents that these vaccines are causing just about every possible negative side effect imaginable.
  And our government wants every child in America to get these shots.
  Reporting for InfoWars, this is Greg Reese.
  Savannah Hernandez.
  Andrew Hernandez reporting live from the Supreme Court in Washington, D.C.
  where the pack of crazed leopards is attacking them.
  InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's news.
  Today.
  All right, Drew Hernandez, Savannah Hernandez, you guys should take over.
  You're hosting right now.
  I'm going to just shut up.
  Camera's on you.
  Just know when they're all around you shouting, it's all scrambled.
  Can't hear a word anybody's saying.
  So, Drew, speak a few minutes.
  Savannah, speak a few minutes.
  Tell us what you're witnessing.
  For radio listeners, what just happened.
  You're about to march back up to that line.
  You didn't even get to the line yet at the Supreme Court, the police line.
  You're going to be going back up there.
  What happened?
   Yeah, so for the viewers, if you guys were just watching, Uh, we went up there and we started talking to some of the, uh, death cult members, and immediately they start getting in your face, start getting violent.
  You just ask simple, basic questions, and these people decide to start to physically assault you.
  I mean, the dude literally swatted at Savannah.
  It's live on camera.
  The guy's getting in her face, literally threatening her.
  And this other woman just, they just come out of nowhere.
  They're like, they like spawn, Alex.
  It's like a video game.
  That's why we call them NPCs.
   You just like walk through a crowd like that, and it turns out to end up being You know, just total violence because they start to assault you, they start to threaten you.
  And because you're the fascist, you're the one that is the threat.
  But I mean, this is about preserving life and the lives of babies.
  But when you start talking like that around them, they don't have any answers.
  They don't have any answers to the questions that you ask.
  They don't even know why they believe what they believe.
  The only thing they could do is get violent.
  The only thing they could do is start to get physical with you because you're asking questions that go against their ideology and they try and even block everything.
  Speaking of Antifa, Alex, remember at the top of the hour how we said that Antifa is not really Antifa?
  They're actually the fascists and they like block the press.
  They suppress the press.
  Here's a guy right here trying to interrupt our shot.
  I'm gonna move and he's gonna move with us.
  Watch.
  Check this out.
   So we're gonna go over here See if this guy follows us to try and block the shot.
  But I want you guys to get a good shot of Supreme Court right now.
  But this is what these people do, Alex.
  I mean, they don't want to have any conversations.
  Everybody knows this that watches this network.
  But right now, this is such a crazy situation.
  I don't know if we were able to get that audio, but that guy literally just comes up out of nowhere.
  No, there he goes, and they've all got these umbrellas trying to do this.
  There they are.
  There's the Antifa.
  You should try to go interview him.
  Why don't you go interview him?
  He's in his little commando outfit.
  Are you Antifa?
  You're not?
  What's with the umbrella?
  Why are you trying to block our shot?
  I thought you were an anti-fascist.
  Why do you try to suppress the press?
  You're a medic?
  Are you a licensed medic?
  With who?
  Yeah, you kind of have to be able to identify if you're going to claim to be an EMP.
  Yes.
  No, because he's not.
  He just did.
  Are you an Antifa medic?
  Yeah.
  You're the anti-fascist though right?
  You believe in uh opposing fascism but you block the press in our shots.
  You believe in opposing fascism?
  Of course I do.
  So you think suppressing the press is anti-fascism?
  Huh?
  Who are you?
  I'm with myself.
  How is he suppressing the press?
  He's literally just standing here.
  Every time I move this guy tries to get in our shot.
  Yeah.
  Exactly.
  We're not exactly rolling.
   We're like Okay, so Drew, go ahead and take us back up to the front lines if you want to.
  And the question you asked about mandatory shots, that really shuts them down.
  Are you a man?
  You're fucking with the wrong one, dude.
  Are you a man?
  That's the question.
  This is not going to end well for you.
  Why?
  Is that a threat?
  I don't know.
  Yeah.
  I'm not antagonizing.
  I'm asking you a question.
  Are you a man?
  Are you a biological male?
  You have male genitals.
  It's basic science, a basic science.
  Okay.
  So are you a male?
  I'm asking you, what's your own, what do you identify as a male?
  So you're a man and you're here with an opinion.
  How are you able here to support abortion?
  Because I have two legs and a mind and I'm able to stand here and say what I gotta say.
  What are you talking about?
  No uterus, no opinion.
  Who are you with?
  Oh, sweet!
  Here it is right here. You see what I'm saying?
   So you don't think that blocking the press, this is anti-fascism to you?
  This is anti-fascism?
  Who are you with?
I'm with myself. My name is Drew Hernandez. 
  Oh, sweet.
  
  Makes sense. Okay.
  How are you able to have an opinion?
  I don't understand.
  That's why I asked you.
  What do you identify as?
  Yeah, I'm asking you a basic question.
  Okay, so what about you?
  How are you able to have an opinion? I don't understand.
   See, you created an opinion on me based on my outward physical appearance.
   That doesn't dictate or indicate who I am or who I was, or who I was born as.
  That's why I asked you. What do you identify as?
  That's my own personal business, my friend.
  Yeah, I'm asking you a basic question.
   I'm unemployed and I'm politely declining to answer your question.
  I said it up front.
  Okay, so what about you? Are you a male?
  Sure.
  Yeah? So how are you out here?
  Not out here to support abortion.
  I'm just out here to watch what happens and listen to people.
  No.
  For business.
   I'm just out here to watch what happens and listen to people.
  Okay. What about you? Are you here to support abortion?
  No.
  Yeah? Are you a male? Male genitals?
  No. Purposeless.
  Yeah? So how are you able to have an opinion?
  Just having a penis prevents you from having an opinion.
  According to those people, no uterus, no opinion.
  That's not my opinion. That's them.
  So, why the hell are you out here?
  It makes no sense.
  You cannot have an opinion on abortion if you have a penis, sir.
  No uterus, no opinion.
  Ask him about forced vaccines.
  My body, my choice.
  Do you support mandate?
  Vaccine mandate?
  Do you think it's important to mandate vaccines across the United States?
  Why do you support abortion if you're a male?
  You do not have a uterus, sir.
  You do not have a vagina.
  You know, all I do is listen.
  I am listening to people who do.
  No, I don't listen to people who don't listen.
  Actually.
   According to them, no. You can't have an opinion. No uterus, no opinion, sir.
  So you don't support abortion?
  No, no, no. I don't support it.
  But Drew, notice it's crickets when you ask about forced inoculation.
  My body, my choice.
  So, see, these people don't know why they believe what they claim to believe.
  I mean, when you hit them with their own ideologies, I mean, that's not my thing.
  That's their thing.
  When they say no uterus, no opinion, that means a biological male cannot have an opinion on abortion.
  A biological male cannot have an opinion on abortion.
  A biological male, no uterus, no opinion.
  But you come and talk to these pro-choice males out here, and they don't have an answer.
  They're allowed to have an opinion, because they're on the right side.
  But when you ask them why they have an opinion... Hey, the big one with the trans kid shirt.
  Ask him about vaccines and... Yeah, because you don't know anything.
  Let's go over there.
  That's the question.
  They're for forced inoculations, but they say kill babies.
  I don't know if it's connected.
  You're on, Savannah.
  Hey, Alex.
  You know, it's been a very interesting scene here in front of the Supreme Court.
  Like I said, I just got back from Yuma, Arizona, where there's actually a crisis going on, right?
  Americans here today and the entire media is focused in on this Roe v. Wade issue and these people who are throwing a giant tantrum when our border is being absolutely flooded and our country is being invaded by illegal immigrants right now.
  When I went to breakfast this morning, the person that was serving me didn't even speak English.
  Every maintenance man that works at my apartment doesn't even speak English.
  So these are the real issues that America is being faced with, yet we have the entire media focused in on these babies that are screaming and crying in front of the Supreme Court for no reason.
  So again, Alex, it's low energy out here.
  You see that there's not thousands of people on the street, and the reason why there isn't is because they're low energy.
  They know that they lost and they're losing steam.
  So it's absolutely great to see the right needed this win.
  And this was a great win for life, for the most innocent among us.
  We're talking about a little fucking coward.
  I never touched you.
  I'm not even looking at your shot.
  You're a hypocrite!
  You're a liar!
  You've got it all wrong!
   and stand the shot with me. So this is the entire pro-abortion movement. I am a woman
   here trying to do my job. I'm a minority woman. So apparently I'm selling out women because
   I want to protect women's rights and because I want to protect women and the women.
   Okay, so Alex again, this man is already accusing us of trying to deceptively edit all of these things.
  Great.
  Go.
  So these people are absolutely pathetic, Alex.
  That's a grown man who is coming and screaming at a small brown woman in the middle of me trying to do my job because he doesn't agree with my political opinion.
  And again, this goes back to the state of America.
  Look at what the DHS has done.
  Look at what the DOJ has done in targeting the right wing who has simply wanted to stand for rule of law in this country and law and order.
  Who are the people that are allowed to prosper?
  People like that who come and shut us down, who act like domestic terrorists, who beat us up, who silenced us.
  Remember Savannah, they have big tech surveilling and censoring, so the idiot with the umbrella trying to block your shot is a microcosm of their will and their wish to silence and control us.
  That is pure tyranny.
  Exactly, Alex.
  And you know what?
  I'm fresh off of my third Twitter ban after making national news.
  And why is it that they have to censor people like Savannah Hernandez?
  Like Alex Jones?
  Why is it that they have to silence us?
  Because we are so effective.
  Because we are on the streets of America exposing the hypocrisy, exposing how irrational and uneducated these people are.
  Alex, I'm extremely happy that Roe v. Wade was overturned.
  Because so many women have been targeted by this government propaganda, they've been lied to about what abortion really is, and overturning growth is the most loving thing we could have ever done for the women in this country.
  Well that's right, and they also cover up the studies that each abortion doubles your chances of cervical and uterine and ovarian cancer.
  I mean, your body does not like you terminating a pregnancy that wasn't supposed to be terminated by the body.
  Your body gets really upset, and they don't want women knowing that.
  Exactly, Alex.
  And look at the suicide rates as well when it's tied to abortion.
  Look at what women go through after they go through that experience.
  I've seen so many videos of women who have gotten abortions and then they realize later on what they actually did and they have to live with that for the rest of their lives.
   And then if you want to bring in the rape argument, A lot of women as well.
  Their child was conceived via rape and they ended up giving birth to that child and saying, you know what?
  This was a bad situation, but my child was the best thing that's ever happened to me and changed my life for the better.
  So again, this is just more lies and hypocrisy.
  That's why these people are up in arms.
  They don't even know what they're upset about.
  We're going to do some man in the streets later today, Alex, if I can.
   I'm going to go ask these women, hey, What does the overturn of Roe v. Wade mean for you?
  And of course, they're already saying, oh, it means women are going to die.
  I already talked to a woman who said that upwards of a million women are going to die because of this overturn.
  And I'm like, okay, well, what about the 70 million babies who were already aborted and killed in the womb?
  What about that?
  Savannah, absolutely, you've got great stuff out there, and you're posting your reports to Bandit Video, but if you don't mind, I'm not going to tell you what to do, but I would just not say anything, or they're going to attack you and just start chirping and yelling, which you can't hear any of it.
  It's a cacophony.
  But if you and Drew would go back up to that line, past the idiots that were up front, and actually just say, why are you here?
  We should actually have a good look at these zombies.
  All right, let's go in there, Alex, and see what we can do.
  By the way, great job Drew and Savannah, and this is amazing footage.
  I love that idiot saying we're censoring and editing the tape.
  This is a live feed.
  Savannah Hernandez.
  So, there were thousands here yesterday, and as you can see, the crowd has already really died down because the energy is just so low.
  It's not here anymore.
  They know that they've lost.
  So let's go in and let's try to talk to someone and see why they're here today.
  Excuse me, ma'am?
  Would you mind telling us why you're here today?
  Why this is important to you?
  Okay, so we have this young gentleman right here.
  Hi, sir.
  So he's going to follow us around and do this really fun thing where he shuts us down and says, don't talk to them.
  They're with enforcers.
  Sir, why do you think that it's okay to shut down a minority woman?
  Are you a racist?
  Are you a KKK member?
  How?
  I'm asking them their opinion.
  How is that not giving them any information?
  Look at this gatekeeper.
  I'm not with InfoWars.
  I'm an independent reporter.
  Yeah, they're on InfoWars, dumbass.
  But notice their bosses are watching.
  They already have the intel.
  Who do you think you are?
  Why do you shut down minority women?
  Do you support the First Amendment?
  Sir, do you support the First Amendment?
  So why can I not utilize my First Amendment right to go allow people to tell me why they're here?
  Well, just get ahead of him.
  He's slow.
  Just start asking your questions.
  Okay, let's go talk to people.
  Alright, let's see.
  Ma'am, can we ask you why you're here today?
  Why is this important to you today?
  Because white supremacists are shutting down women.
  We're here to ask women why this is important to them because we want women to be heard, not men.
  I think everybody deserves the right to choose.
  It's too important to not be here.
  So your sign says, guns kill, abortion saves lives.
  Can you explain that to me?
  Well, absolutely.
  Saves abortions, saves lives.
  Making abortion non-accessible for women and people who have uteruses doesn't stop abortion.
  So women, what's a person that has a uterus?
  People that have uteruses.
  Anyone who has a uterus.
  So a woman?
  Anyone who has a uterus.
  Can men get pregnant as well?
  Anybody with a uterus can get pregnant.
  So men can't get pregnant?
  Some men, if they have a uterus, can get pregnant.
  How can a man have a uterus?
  The litmus test is saying men can have babies.
  Alright y'all, so we are over here, um, we're advocating for men who have uteruses, for men to get abortions, because this is 2022, and we have reached peak science.
  Guns killed, but abortions saved lives, even though 70 million babies have been killed in the womb.
  Can somebody explain this science to me, because I don't really understand it.
  We're gonna move on.
  Thank you so much for speaking with us today, we actually do really appreciate it.
  We're gonna move on.
  What a cult.
  It's going to overheat.
  Okay.
  Alex, if the phone goes out, it's because it overheated, but we're going to try to get one or two more interviews.
  Savannah, you're great.
  Keep going.
  You don't want to be on camera?
  No worries at all.
  So they've got the face masks on because COVID is still very real.
  Omicron is in the air right now.
  Very dangerous theme on the streets today.
   Ma'am, can you talk to us about why this is important to you today?
  Yeah, um...
  I have to go there.
  
  
  Shut down a woman of color.
  And look, the leftist is like telling her not to talk.
  What do you think about this man that's trying to shut down women's voices?
  Especially in a time like this, it's not any man's time.
   What do you think about this man that's trying to shut down women's voices?
   He's been trying to shut down this woman of color for the past 30 minutes.
  They are going...
  So we actually do have a counter opinion to you.
  I'm pro-life, but I want to talk to pro-choice women and, you know, maybe find common ground on why you think the way that you do.
  I think that abortion is murder.
  What do you view abortion as?
  A woman's choice?
  Alright.
  So as soon as we drop the abortion is murder, of course they walk away, but that's alright.
  We'll keep going, we'll keep going.
  Let's try to get one more interview for you, Alex.
  Alright, let's see.
  Ma'am, would you be interested in talking to us about why this is important to you today?
  No?
  Alright, let's keep walking.
  Oh, I'm sorry.
  Can I actually see your sign here?
  Rage against the fascist regime.
  Decimate the GOP.
  Can you talk about why this is important to you today?
  Where do we start?
  I get it.
  Why this particular sentiment is important to me?
  Why are you here today?
   I'm here to stand up for 
   What are some of the rights that have been eroded with this overturn?
  
  Ask her about forced inoculations.
  She's from bodily autonomy.
   Did you agree with everyone being forced to get the COVID-19 vaccine?
  No, not actually.
  No?
  So you're bonding autonomy for vaccine and for abortion?
  I am.
  And there was a difference, right?
  Because what was happening was people were told, get the vaccine or you can't.
  It's different than saying you're going to be forced to carry a blob of tissue.
  Well, what about the baby in the womb who's like has been endangered by the abortion?
  It's not a baby.
  When does it become a baby?
  16 weeks.
  16 weeks?
  Yes.
  So before that it's just a complex cell that accidentally... Okay, so she's against partial birth abortion.
  16 weeks it becomes a potentially viable human.
  It is not a viable human until it exits the womb.
   So nine months in the womb you can kill the baby It's okay.
  But what if a baby identifies as a human?
  What if it is Morse code?
  What if a baby identifies as a human?
  If a man identifies as a woman, can a baby identify as a human?
  All right, the feed cut.
  This is historic footage.
  Live feeds, ladies and gentlemen.
  We're gonna try to reconnect with Savannah Hernandez and Drew Hernandez.
  Wow.
  What a group of freaks.
  Almost all of them.
  Oh, I can't say.
  You know, humans with uteruses.
  Oh, but a baby's not a baby, and a man's a woman, and a woman's a man.
  I mean, this is a cult.
   And the litmus test for this cult Is going along with their propaganda and going along with a man can have a baby and we can have sex with children and just all of this and weird creepy men wearing leave trans kids alone.
  It's a man obsessed with a child's gender and obsessed with their genitals.
  I mean, this is an outside state and the schools and the system and the puppet president saying we're going to be involved in your children's genitals.
  The mother was telling her five-year-old, you're another sex.
  Or we should cut your finger off.
  She'd be put in jail or a mental institution.
  But oh, if mommy says to Billy, we should cut your penis off, you should tell the government you want it cut off.
  Oh!
  Stunning and brave.
  I am just blown away.
  Powerful, powerful, powerful.
  I know they got several phones.
  One may have died.
  Get them to reboot another one.
  Let's get back to this.
  This is powerful live Saturday coverage of these phreakazoids that we are covering right now.
  But notice, they're all not having children, the left.
  They're all cutting their own genitals off and their own children's genitals off.
  They're extincting themselves because they're a weapon system.
  They're not the ruling class.
  They're those that have fallen to the globalist propaganda.
  They're the people that have fallen to the brainwashing.
  They're the people that have succumbed to the evils.
   So instead of hating them, and I'm calling them brinkazoids, We should feel sorry for him and realize these are our fellow humans that have succumbed to the brainwashing, succumbed to the intense, incredible mind control.
  Wow.
  I am just speechless at this point.
  Incredible.
  All right.
  I've got.
  The latest COVID news that's very important.
  I've got the latest January 6 news, the latest Jeffrey Epstein news, and then I've got this stack right here that I didn't cover Thursday or Friday with human-animal hybrids, DNA editing, CRISPR systems, and so much more.
  But let's air a couple of promos.
   We've already aired the latest Gregory's reports, the latest report from Darren McBreen, but pick some of the other promos and some
   of the other important reports that we've had recently.
   Let's air a couple of those, see if we can get our crew back on.
   If we can't, then I'll go ahead and tackle this news now instead of later.
   We also have the big Second Amendment developments, both good and extremely bad, on multiple fronts
   with the Supreme Court ruling it's pro-gun and then Biden today signing the anti-gun
   victim disarmament anti-due process, pre-crime garbage as well.
  So it's all coming up on this live Saturday broadcast.
   And I know hundreds of thousands of people are tuned in, out some of our regular show
  right now.
   But if the hundreds of thousands watching, take the live feed from infowares.com/show
   and Band.video and the new URL we've got for Band.video that the censors aren't blocking
  right now.
  And you share that with everybody, you know, and then tell them to share it and then tell them to share it and then tell them to share it.
  It causes a chain reaction, which has been happening, which is why they're so scared of us and how we're teaching all these other major leaders how to circumvent the censorship, how to smash the new world order and how to defeat them.
  So we've got a new URL, because they're banning them every month now, that is a mirror of Banned.video.
  And I forget the exact URL.
  We had it up this whole week long.
  Wonderful.
  It's in the computer.
  So we will put that up on screen for TV viewers, or you guys can write it down for me, because quite frankly, I can't remember.
  It's like the InfoWar.
  TheInfowar.tv.
  Just TheInfowar.
  One word.
  TheInfowar.tv.
  Go there.
  Go to the Alex Jones feed.
  We're trying to make it where it pops up on the front page, but go to the Alex Jones area or go to Infowars.com forward slash show or Infowars.com.
  You can find the feed right there, but they block most of the feeds because they're not just censoring on the grassroots.
  Not just telling people not to talk to us or trying to block us with umbrellas.
  They're doing it through cyber command directed by the breakaway globalist operations inside of our government.
  So we will find that bug in the computer.
  TheInfoWar.tv.
  TheInfoWar.tv takes you to band.video.
  We'll be right back in a few minutes.
  See if we can get our crew reconnected.
  Incredible footage up there.
  More of that will be posted of HD at Banned.video.
  The Savannah Hernandez and Drew Hernandez has his own site as well.
  You can find all their stuff as well on Drew's Twitter.
  Savannah has been banned.
  We'll be right back.
  Stay with us.
  Aborted babies incinerated to heat UK hospitals.
  Soylent Green, ladies and gentlemen, is made out of people.
  But now, children are literally being passed through the furnace in order to fuel hospitals in the UK.
  They're being sacrificed on the altar of efficiency and prosperity.
  What is the secret of Soylent Green?
  The powdered flesh from dead babies.
  Some people believe they can cure disease.
  Because of its enormous popularity, Soylent Green is in short supply.
  Remember, Tuesday is Soylent Green Day.
  The supply of Soylent Green has been exhausted.
  You must evacuate the area.
  The federal court ruled that the shareholders of PepsiCo, big Bilderberg Group company, are not allowed to know what they're using the baby parts for in the flavoring, but we already know.
  So enjoy the flavor.
  We're going to get the real solution, which is going to be a combination of death panels and sales taxes.
  I'm consistently pro-death.
  I'm for assisted suicide.
  I'm for regular suicide.
  I'm for whatever gets the freeway moving.
  Is spending a million dollars on that last three months of life for that patient, would it be better not to lay off those 10 teachers and to make that trade up in medical costs?
  But that's called the death panel, and you're not supposed to have that discussion.
   They told me to say that they were sorry, but that you had become unreliable.
  
  
  Is this the kind of society that you want to live in?
  Any kind of society that would do this to its children will do it to its senior citizens.
  It will do it to its dissidents.
  That kind of society will also eventually turn on its police, on its army, on its prison guards, on the quizlings and the collaborators who make that possible.
  This is nothing but a suicide cult.
  The scoops are on their way!
  I repeat, the Scoops are on their way.
  You will find out why Soylent Green means life.
  You will find out why Soylent Green means death.
  We've got to stop them!
  That is my secret name, Soylent Green.
  Soylent Green is people!
  Next thing they'll be breeding is like cattle for food.
  We've got to tell them.
  In today's world, abortion supporters routinely attend pro-life rallies and attempt to bully activists.
  If you have a problem and need a smelly group of commie devil worshippers, maybe you can call the A-Team.
  How many did I adopt?
  I kill my kids!
  Hey, we saw your Facebook with your communist hammer and sickle.
  That's pretty cool, man.
  Is that you on the Facebook?
  Is there a Facebook page of you with a hammer and sickle?
  I don't think so.
  How do you get your abortions paid for?
  I pay for them.
  Really?
  How many do you pay for them?
  Upwards of 50.
  Really?
  How do you get your abortions paid for?
  I pay for them.
  Really?
  How many do you pay for them?
  Upwards of 50.
  Really?
  Oh yeah.
  F*** you, you piece of s***!
  You bunch of misogynist mother fuckers!
  Take your male privilege somewhere else!
  Tyler, you're being aggressive.
  I'm being aggressive?
  These, that's the guys that attacked Alex Jones.
   From the front lines of the Information War, it's Alex Jones.
  
  
  
  
  All the human rights are going to start falling down.
  Alright, LGBTQ plus community, we're next on the chopping block, and birth control, and possibly interracial marriage.
   So pretty much we're going, the only thing that's going to have rights in this country is White men and guns.
  This is about the woman who tried to have a baby so bad and ended up having a miscarriage who now has to go stand on trial.
  If we don't stand up now and do something about this, The Handmaid's Tale is going to be more than just a show.
  And I am sick.
  How do I look at my daughters and tell them that they're growing up in an amazing place when they're not?
  I love to travel and spend money.
  Like I love to spend money, but if you are a red state and you have anti-abortion laws, not only will I not visit your state and not spend my money there, but I will also not be sending my children there to college and they will not be spending any money there either.
  I think that if you can leave the country, you should.
   I think if you're of childbearing age, You can leave the country.
  You should.
  If you can't, we need to rise up.
  We need to fight.
  Okay, well, it's gonna be a summer of protesting.
  Again.
  How are we still living in this?
  How?
  How have we not completely dismantled the government?
  How?
  Why?
  Why are we all just sitting here letting this happen?
  I am shaking right now because of how mad I am.
  How far women have fought, how far everybody has fought for freedom.
And our freedoms are being stripped from us one by one by- No justice, no peace! No justice, no peace! No justice, no peace! No justice, no peace!
  Hello everyone!
  Yeah, this guy.
  This guy right here.
  And you're not getting shocked at some of the stuff.
  
  Yeah.
  
  You see this turnout here?
  You ain't seen nothing yet.
  To hell with the Supreme Court.
  We will defy them.
  We will be out by the thousands.
  We will be out by the millions.
   We're going to take every effort and try everything we can to overcome what they have done to us today.
  Begun the road warheads.
We will win! Go! Go! Go! Go!
  Move! Move! Move!
  Move!
  Go! Go! Go!
  
  
  Hey!
  Stop!
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  Hey, hey, stop! Stop!
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   Alright my friends, you're watching a live Saturday emergency transmission.
  It's 108 Central.
  Later, we'll be restreaming this at Infowars.com forward slash show ahead of my Sunday show, 4 to 6 p.m., then Owen does Sunday live, 6 to 8.
   But tomorrow night, I'm going to probably just do the whole show because I'm also going to be doing some podcasts with Eddie Bravo after that at 8 p.m.
  Central Time.
  We'll tell you where to find those live streams as well on the Sunday show tomorrow because I've been doing business.
  I've been out of town.
  I've been trying to make sure enforcement's tail in the air.
  So I wasn't just gone for a week and a half.
  Uh, you know, relaxing though.
  I should be doing that, obviously.
  Some, we all need rest and relaxation.
  All work and no play makes Jack a dumb boy, not just a dull boy.
  Uh, but, uh, we got a lot for you coming up tomorrow, 4 p.m.
  Central Standard Time.
  And, and what I'm going to do is this.
  This...
  Gene editing, world government surveillance, human animal cloning stack that I've been talking about since Thursday.
  I can do a whole hour on this.
  And so you got my commitment, unless there's some other giant new story, that tomorrow on the Sunday show, I'm going to be covering this.
  So please spread the word about that.
   We got huge developments with the whole Second rollout of a new plan for a new UN global emergency.
  They say they're on the cusp of announcing with monkeypox.
  So we've got all of that news to be breaking down.
  Polio's magic resurgence right on time and so much more.
  But it's so hot out there in DC, their iPhones they're live on are overheating.
  That's happened to us before out in the heat.
  You know, if you're out by the pool and lay your phone in the sun for a couple minutes, it just says, overheating, shuts down.
  Well, the phones are in the sun.
  It's like 95 degrees, 98 degrees, heat index of 105 in DC.
  So the phones just aren't working.
  They're under a tree, trying to get it booted back up just to make a phone call because I want to hear from Savannah and Drew Hernandez on other things they're going to be doing, what we can expect to see.
  We can also go to his Twitter.
  Grab some of the videos there that he's had and air those as well.
  But just so much to break down and so much to cover.
  We're very, very thankful for those folks that are out there on the front lines.
  As I've said a million times, everything I promote is a symbiotic relationship.
  It's a win-win to keep us on air and something you really need at a great price.
  We are self-funding.
  We don't have George Soros, the new ruler, funding us until recently.
  We didn't have big donors.
  We've had this anonymous Bitcoin donor who kept us on air.
  Our finances were even worse than I thought.
  We've already spent 80% of the money that came in a few months ago to pay off old bills and to be able to buy some products of the future.
  And we've basically already spent all that money.
  And so we're in the black only because of that donor and then everything you've done, listeners and viewers as well.
  So, InfoWars.com forward slash crypto to make donations to any crypto system you want.
  InfoWars.com forward slash crypto.
   Go to mfulworthstore.com and get a lot of really, really great products as well.
   And you can go to preparetoday.com for super high quality, affordable foods at the lowest price you're going to find
  anywhere.
   With high rated water filtration, air filtration and just hundreds of other
  top of the line preparedness items you and your family need.
  Imagine not being able to get food at the store or gas.
  Imagine not being able to get clean water.
  Imagine there not being food.
  That's the globalist plan.
  We're trying to stop them getting there, but so far the inflation, the food shortages, the baby formula shortages, it's all happening right now.
   And so I told listeners 30 months ago, I said, "It's tolerable food now,
  "it'll be way more expensive in the future,"
  and it already is.
   And it's already low price at MyPatriot through preparetoday.com, but it's gonna go up soon.
   So you need to go to preparetoday.com, preparetoday.com, that's one word, preparetoday.com,
   or you can simply call toll-free, 888-253-3139, and we're ready to get you the high quality,
  storable food right now.
  We are ready to ship you any of the preparedness items, and again, that keeps us on air.
  It's something you need to do.
  It's a decision you need to make, and it is products that we have in stock right now, ready to ship.
  All right, I'm going to go ahead and shut down this live transmission.
  We're unable to get a hold of Drew Hernandez and Savannah Hernandez, but hopefully they'll be back with us on the Sunday show, 4 to 6 p.m.
  I want to thank the crew for the amazing job that they have done coming in on this Saturday, and you've got my commitment in these historic events to fight as hard as I can.
  We are in a major, major political, spiritual, cultural, economic quickening right now.
  And all of you that are informed are going to be way ahead of everybody else.
   Not so you can dominate and control them like the globalists are doing, collapsing things to get control, but so you can help people and be leaders in this Critical historic time.
  So again, I want to salute the listeners.
  I want to salute the sponsors.
  I want to salute the affiliates.
  I want to salute the crew.
  I want to thank you all for your prayer.
  That's paramount.
  Your word of mouth, and telling others to then spread the word, and tell them to spread the word, and buying the products at infowarestore.com.
  I will see you, Lord willing, back tomorrow night, 4 p.m.
  Central Standard Time.
  To cover incredible information.
  So, thank you so much.
  We love you.
  We appreciate you.
  God bless and have a great Saturday evening.
  And pray for the awakening that's happening and pray for all the unborn.
  And God sees this as a major move by humanity.
  Whether it fixes everything or not, it doesn't matter.
  We're moving in the right direction.
  I believe we've hit bottom and are coming up from air.
  I believe the tide is turning.
  All the evidence shows that.
  That's why the enemy is fighting so hard.
  God bless and good luck.
  It's all there ready to ship now, and this is how you beat inflation.
  You buy food now, and as the price goes up, you save money.
  I told you this 30 months ago.
  Those of you who bought food then, boy, were you smart.
  And it's only going to go up anyway, so even if you waited or didn't do it, now is the time to stop procrastinating.
  PrepareToday.com and be smart.
   Separately, we Hold back items for people to sign up for auto-ship with the additional 10% off.
  And they overheld some stuff.
  It's coming back in late July, they think.
  Vitamin Mineral Fusion, one of our best-selling products.
  High-quality vitamins, minerals, amino acids.
  So tasty, so great for children, adults, you name it.
  Put a scoop of it in water and some ice.
  Tastes amazing.
  Does so many great things.
  Because it's liquid, you absorb a lot more with the pills, even though they're high quality.
  We found 1,100 bottles of that, that because of a miscalculation with AutoShip we had, it'll sell out probably today.
  It's available at InfowarsStore.com as well, or by calling toll-free, 888-253-3139.
  And despite the fact that it'll sell out today, it's still 25% off.
  And I'm going to stop right there now, and I'm going to move back to your phone calls.
   Other than saying this, I talked to the National Citizens four weeks ago, five weeks ago, with I think the most important documentary ever proving that they stole the election.
  And I said, I bet I'll buy 100,000 DVDs from you because people want to have it in their archive.
  And it's such a historic film.
  And we bought 20,000.
  I said, I think we'll be reordering it every few weeks.
  We've only sold out half of these.
  And I'm not mad at the audience.
  I just think you're crazy.
  With all the censorship online, with what's happening, you need this historic film on your shelf to show friends, family, neighbors, your office, your boss, your employees, your church, whoever.
  And so we have it.
  We have Coben Land 3, the shot, getting in on how deadly the shot is.
  Both those are just coming together.
  Everybody needs them.
  Infowarstore.com.
  And I'll be quite frank, I'm surprised more people haven't got it.
  I think you're crazy when you're ever on the site getting other products to not get this, and it keeps the show on the air.
  Infowarstore.com or 888-253-3139.