InfoWars Tomorrow's News Today.
  
   Well, it wasn't a hard prediction to make in the last few weeks that when the United States openly said it had greenlit
   Ukraine to start firing cruise missiles deep into Russia, attacking
   Russian nuclear bases, that Putin would then activate his mobile ICBMs that are on
   trains and trucks and begin moving them around at least twice a day.
  That way they can't be targeted by satellites and then first struck.
  In a sneak attack, nuclear attack.
  So Russia is now publicly prepared for a NATO-U.S.-led nuclear sneak attack.
  China is saying they're going to respond with nuclear weapons.
  Obviously, if the war escalates in a nuclear war, if anybody attacks them, things are deteriorating very, very, very quickly, and the average person cares about what's going on on cable TV or on Netflix.
  This is how you sleepwalk into absolute Armageddon.
  So this goes way beyond saber-rattling.
  The Russians have rolled out their ICBMs that come back into the atmosphere at Mach 7, almost impossible to shoot down.
  The reentry devices, when the warhead pops open or the shell of the missile pops open, fires between 5 and 20 different warheads, some of them dummy decoys, some of them real, carrying thermonuclear payloads.
  And obviously the United States has all this stuff as well, but that's why they call it Mutually Assured Destruction.
  Total, complete insanity.
  That's coming up.
  Then obviously we have a lot of border collapse news as they announce the end of Title 42.
  The Feds admit they're expecting a total collapse, quote, calling it catastrophic, but it's being ordered by the same people cutting off our energy supplies and bringing us into World War III and injecting the public with these poison frankenshots.
  And that's why we're going to hit the poison frankenshots first.
  We come back from break and some stations join us.
  Dr. Peter McCullough, completely vindicated, back on Twitter.
  And so many other scientists and doctors now confirmed to be suppressed by Big Pharma and Fauci, criminally also suppressing many of the natural treatments and other therapeutics that were there.
  So I really appreciate Dr. McCullough joining us right at the main kickoff of the show here in about four minutes when we come back from this short break.
  Separately, we are listeners supported.
  We can't stay on air without you.
   And with all the crazy stuff going on in the world today, The fact that the public's returning to incubators with their immune systems lowered, it's more important than ever to boost your immune systems, but also just your basic way of life.
  We've now got InfoWars MD line of high quality supplements, the highest quality.
  Nitric Boost naturally has compounds that boost nitrous oxide in your blood, which any doctor like Dr. Peter McCullough can tell you is really good for your cardiovascular system.
  It's amazing, and it funds the Heart of Freedom InfoWars.
  Mushroom Max is a national best-selling brand that we've been allowed to private label of the very best known rare mushroom concentrates that aren't speed-like, but really have no nootropic effect, like Lion's Mane and so many others.
  That's the new product.
  Mushroom Boost is again a clone of an already best-selling product that this company that's working with us puts out nationally.
  That's available at InfoWareStore.com.
  Libido RX takes a lot of natural healthy compounds that don't just boost your libido, but your overall stamina and energy and just well-being.
  And then, of course, we also have Turmeric 95, which is the same as Body's Ultimate Turmeric Formula, just their brand and under their label.
  That's who we were already buying it from, the 95% curcuminoid.
  That's the strongest curcuminoid out there, so good for inflammation, your immune system, and more.
  Now, Turmeric 95, it's the same as Body's Ultimate Turmeric Formula.
  It's available at Infowarstore.com, back in stock.
  And that's great because our Body's Ultimate Turmeric Formula sold out about three weeks ago, as you know, and it's one of our best sellers.
  There are also eight other new products available at InfoWarsTore.com under the InfoWars MD banner.
  These really are the best, and they fund the operation at very, very affordable prices.
  And then I talked about how the mushroom concentrate boosts your overall well-being.
  Well, what about your libido?
  With Libido RX, with all the known compounds that naturally and healthfully supercharge your libido, this stuff's powerful.
  And I suggest you all get it at InfoWarsStore.com.
  Right back with Dr. Peter McCullough.
  InfoWars.com and Band.Video.
  Please share those links.
  I want you to remember two words.
  InfoWars Platinum.
  in the history of InfoWars supplements and they're amazing.
   This is hands down the most powerful, game-changing products we've ever offered to the public.
   Now all three of these are private labels of three national bestsellers
   put out by a pharmaceutical company that also makes high-end supplements.
  And the owner's a listener and a supporter.
   So they're giving them to us at 40% off what they're sold on stores,
   over 20% off what they're sold online under the InfoWars Platinum brand name.
  These are incredible.
  Pain MD, HGH Max Boost, and of course 1776 Testosterone Boost.
  Read about them at InfoWarsTore.com, learn about them, and then try them out for yourself.
  And I know you will be a repeat customer, which is awesome.
  It'll empower your life, make your life more amazing, and it will keep us on the air of 360 wind.
  InfoWars Platinum, now available at InfoWarsStore.com.
  
  The answer to 1984 is 1760.
  Live from Austin, Texas, broadcasting worldwide, it's Alex Jones.
   Well, the global Big Pharma mafia that's trying to take over medicine is trying to bring back new viruses, new lockdowns, new moves to take control of our bodies.
   And there have been so many prominent scientists and doctors and medical workers that have valiantly Expose what's happening, whistleblow, you name it.
  But out of all of them, Dr. Peter McCullough, a very respected, already well-known doctor and researcher, has been the very tip of the spear in the last two and a half, three years, exposing this.
  He was already going to join us in studio next week, and I believe that's still going to happen.
  He's in Texas as well, but he's on the road.
   He shoots symposiums and events, and Senator Ron Johnson's Hearings he's been having, but I wanted to get him on because he's been restored to Twitter, absolutely vindicated, and we now know what was going on behind the scenes.
  Illegal, mass-coordinated censorship with Big Pharma and the government with Big Tech.
   So it doesn't get more criminal than that, and now Governor Rhonda Sanders has impaneled a criminal statewide grand jury To begin to investigate the crimes of Big Pharma, government officials, you name it.
  So, Rand Paul just three weeks ago called for Fauci's arrest.
  I've been calling for it for years.
  We now know this was premeditated.
  There's a clip I'll play a little bit later, but he's going to leave us here in about 20 minutes where Dr. Peter McCullough made the point that this is going to go down in history.
  It's the biggest biological, pharmacological safety disaster in the history of mankind.
  Should I give us a quick synopsis?
  He's usually here for two hours and covers the waterfront.
  The current state of things, these big developments, is Dr. Peter McCullough.
  Thank you, doctor.
  It's safe to say you and many others aren't as vindicated.
  This is blown up in the deep state's face.
  Boy, Alex, first I'd say that you're vindicated.
  Man, you made the right call.
  I've known you now for three years through the pandemic, and you've made the right call all the way.
  And just the developing breaking news now occurring almost every minute is stunning.
  Two days ago, I was invited to go onto a Twitter chat.
  I think it was Sebastian Gorka who invited me on.
  I saw him as one of 6,000 people on the chat.
  I uploaded a survey that someone had done.
  98% of people wanted me back on Twitter.
  And so I submitted it.
  And then within a few hours, I'm back on Twitter.
   And I've requested for now dozens of times that they stop the blacklisting, the unfollow, and the shadow banning of my account and just let my account Just be a natural account like anyone else's.
  And you know what, Alex?
  Overnight, I had 100,000 new followers.
  My following now is skyrocketing.
  I've always tweeted graphical abstracts in advancements that's going on today.
  I've retweeted Andrew Bridgen.
  Andrew Bridgen is a Conservative Member of Parliament in the UK, and he's calling to pull all the vaccines off the market, Alex.
  Pull them off.
  This is a member of Parliament, well respected.
  We're going to see this worldwide.
  And we actually have that video, but I'm going to play it after you leave us.
  So we'll kind of retroactively create a video bibliography of what you're breaking down.
  But he also talks in his speech to Parliament about how he's talked to high-level whistleblowers that have confirmed that they've been ordered to cover up the evidence of heart damage caused by these shots.
  It's coming out.
  We recently had a chance to spend time with UK leading cardiologist Asim Malhotra.
  And so we had a program in the Dallas Arboretum for the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation.
  And then I appeared in a Malibu private event with Robert F. Kennedy and Malhotra, who's a very thoughtful young man.
  It's a tragedy that his father took the vaccine.
  His father's a very prominent doctor and died as a consequence of taking the vaccine.
  Malhotra did his own research, published two very high-quality peer-reviewed manuscripts, looking at all the data and concluding that the vaccines are simply unsafe for use and they don't work.
  They don't stop COVID-19.
  We see other people stepping forward.
  European Member of Parliament Christine Anderson, who is calling this entire COVID-19 vaccine program a fraud.
  We have Member of Parliament Roos from the Netherlands who's called out the Pfizer executive who now admits under testimony in the European Parliament that Pfizer was never tested to see if it would stop transmission of the virus.
   And so we have a situation now, Alex, as you called it, It's imploding.
  It's imploding worldwide.
  And we put a punctuation mark on this on December 7th, 2022 in the U.S.
  Senate.
  Special panel held by Ron Johnson.
  How big is this to have?
  Governor DeSantis impaneling a statewide task force of grand juries to investigate every aspect.
  The government, the censorship, the big pharma lying.
  I mean, they've all obviously committed crimes.
  It's open and shut, just like with Sam Bankman Freed.
  It's just open and shut.
  What do you make of that A and B?
  What do you think the deep state's response is going to be?
  I tell you, the deep state has to be extremely worried because there are state actors involved, those that are not government officials, but many of the people involved will be government officials.
  And it goes to show when a state has a strong attorney general.
  My colleague, Joe Ledepo, MD, PhD, Harvard trained, is DeSantis's right hand man on medical affairs.
  You know, in Texas, we don't have a surgeon general.
  And I think it's a giant mistake for a state to have no doctor in charge.
  It's ridiculous.
  Yeah, and LeDapo has been terrific.
   He supported DeSantis and it's now clear They're going to go after areas of wrongful advertising.
  We can just take that one.
  Advertising for pharmaceuticals is governed by the Landman Act, the U.S.
  Drug and Cosmetic Act.
  And they even advertised it before it was emergency approved for children.
  They advertised ads on Sesame Street.
  That's illegal, isn't it?
  Yeah, it's illegal.
  And matter of fact, you know, you know, when any drug is advertised on TV, there's all the disclaimers of the side effects, but they're not giving any of the disclaimers of the side effects on the COVID-19 vaccines.
  Everybody should view that as being illegal.
  And, you know, in the state of Kansas, they've already taken action and pulled all the vaccine ads off TV.
  We know now, Alex, this is a stunning revelation that the U.S.
  Health and Human Services and the White House had a program called the COVID Community Corps.
  The COVID Community Corps.
  And that program infused over $13 billion to 276 agencies.
  It's on their website.
  COVID Community Corps.
  And there, the money flowed to all the medical societies.
  American Association of Pediatrics, American College of Pediatrics, American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology, the American Medical Association.
  It flowed to churches, black and Hispanic groups, Hollywood, the sports teams like the NFL.
  These are massive amounts of money.
  And so this is the largest government bribe in history.
  And that explains why obstetricians and gynecologists went along with vaccination in pregnant women.
  They were bribed by the U.S.
  government.
  I want to continue with the 35,000-foot view.
  We're still a few minutes to break, but just continue with the 35,000-foot view.
  The whole world's waking up and turning against this.
  How do you see this unfolding now?
  What we're going to see is we're going to see continued pockets now of leadership.
  I mentioned Senator Ron Johnson, who's been absolutely the leader in the United States, holding yet another Senate panel.
  The December closed session was December 6, open session December 7.
  I moderated.
  You see me sitting on Johnson's left.
  Esteemed panel of expert doctors, vaccine consultants, lawyers, patients, and others.
  And the title of the program was COVID-19 Vaccines.
  What are they?
  How do they work?
  And what are the safety concerns?
  And we got it all out in the open.
  The conclusion, and I gave it for the panel, conclusion was pull the vaccines off the market.
  They should have been pulled off before February of 2021.
  It's gone on too long.
  And these pockets, by the way, it wasn't just Senator Johnson, Senator Roger Marshall from Kansas joined us.
  So Johnson has help.
  We've seen now a new Prime Minister of Alberta, Canada.
  She's clearly breaking rank.
  We've mentioned Andrew Bidgen in the UK, Malcolm Roberts in Australia, and former Member of Parliament Craig Kelly.
  I'm going to go visit.
  All right, Dr. Peter McCullough, please stay there.
  We're going to come up with one more segment with you, drpetermcculloughmd.com.
  I believe we're going to be able to be with us on the 19th or the 20th in studio once you're back in Texas, but I want to come back in the next segment and look at all these deaths dying suddenly and the public really waking up to that and more.
  Stay with us.
  Introducing our new incredible supplement line, InfoWars MD.
  Now, in 60 seconds, it's hard to tell you how incredible these products are, but all of these products are already sold on store shelves under other brand names for up to twice the cost we're selling it to you.
  These are high-end.
  These are the very best.
  You know our Body's Ultimate Turmeric Formula is amazing?
  Well, guess what?
  We now have Turmeric 95 that's basically the same formula for a lower price.
  CBD oil of the highest quality.
  Up to 50% less than major competitors selling the exact high-quality, full-spectrum CBD.
  And it goes on for all the new InfoWars MD products at InfoWarsStore.com.
  The highest quality directly from the manufacturer to your door at prices up to 50%, in some cases 100% lower than what they're sold for in stores.
   InfoWarsMD@InfoWarsStore.com But she's had the flu for 14 days.
  Should she get a flu shot?
  Well, no.
  If she got the flu for 14 days, she's as protected as anybody can be, because the best vaccination is to get infected yourself.
  The best vaccination is to get infected yourself.
  If she really has the flu, she definitely doesn't need a flu vaccine.
  If she really has the flu.
  She should not get it again.
  No, she doesn't need it because it's the most potent vaccination is getting infected yourself.
  As the human species evolved, you developed an adaptive immune system, which means that if you get exposed to something and then later on you get exposed to the same or similar thing, your body will remember it and make a good immune response.
  That really helps you.
  It saves civilization.
  It's very good in the immune system.
  People say, I've already had COVID, I'm protected, and now the study says maybe even more protected than the vaccine alone.
  Should they also get the vaccine?
  How do you make the case to them?
  You know, that's a really good point, Sanjay.
  I don't have a really firm answer for you on that.
  That's something that we're going to have to discuss regarding the durability of the response.
   Herd immunity is a concept, namely that most people, whatever that number is, and it varies from infection to infection, but right now we don't know what that number is, and when you don't know what the number is, What do you do?
  You vaccinate as many people as you possibly can, as quickly and as expeditiously as you possibly can.
  That's what we should be concentrating on, not any particular number.
  Anything of real quality, anything of lasting durability, anything that's really satisfying and empowering and fulfilling is going to be hard to attain.
  And when it comes to information, boy is that true today.
  We see the entire global corrupt into a human depopulation, great reset combine.
  Trying to collapse our society to build on its ashes, their transhumanist nightmare vision.
  Suppressing the voices of good people all around the world and of doctors and scientists and engineers.
  They're exposing all their lies, their COVID hysteria, their world's going to end in 2030, carbon tax, global warming bull, all of it.
  And none of it can succeed.
  None of it can actually be carried out unless everybody is silenced and gas lit.
  That's why truth comes with hard work and with research and with diligence.
  That's why it's hard to share in full wars links and band up video links.
  That's why we've got to share them now more than ever.
  Oh, no, no, I don't even know what this is!
  I'm just kidding!
  I just caught you, American!
  You visited Bandar Video!
  Oh, Mark Zuckerberg and others angry at you!
  Do what CNN says and do not visit Bandar Video, or I have to hurt you!
   leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones.
  
   Final segment with the completely vindicated tip of the spear of Dr. Peter McCullough.
   Then, coming up, ladies and gentlemen, the economist, the stock trader, so well-known, Edward Dowd, can document Not just that there is global mass death from these shots, but also that there is a coordinated worldwide economic collapse.
  We'll single out who's doing it and what's coming next and how to stop them next hour.
  I'm gonna get into Russia threatening new levels of nuclear war, the U.S.
  streamlining attacks inside Russia.
  It is just completely insane.
  Coming up next segment after I play a few of the videos that Dr. McCullough mentioned after he leaves, but I want those on the record.
  It's such big news.
  I was asking Dr. McCullough wanting to get to next and he said, let's talk about how unprecedented three journalists, not that old, dying at the World Cup.
  They first said, oh they must be supporting gays is why they're dead.
  No, we're now getting the coroner's reports.
  Exploding arteries, exploding aortas, heart attacks.
   One of them, sports reporter Grant Wall, died of an Aortic, that's your big artery coming on top of your heart.
  Aneurysm at World Cup.
  So, Dr. McCullough, we're seeing a lot of this, aren't we?
  We are.
  It's in my sub stack that there can be what's called aortic dissection and rupture after COVID-19 vaccination.
  We know that the vaccine does induce tremendous surges in blood pressure, vascular strain.
  I mean, this is a young man.
  This is not the picture of someone who would die of an aneurysmal rupture.
   This In my view, just like the other two that have died there, it's due to the COVID-19 vaccine until proven otherwise.
  And so it's pretty clear that if the family wants to clear it up, they can come out and tell us if they haven't taken the vaccine, we can rule it out.
  But now that autopsy study after autopsy study shows that in fact, the vaccines are the cause of death.
   A recent one by Schwab and colleagues from Heidelberg, Germany, Showed that in people who died within 20 days of taking the vaccine, they were found dead at home.
  Alex, 71% had a clear agreed upon vaccine induced cause of death, heart damage, a blood clot, neurologic damage.
  These are not controversial.
  The FDA says they can happen.
  The autopsy study are showing that it happens.
  And when people die after taking the vaccine, it is due to the vaccine until proven otherwise.
  You were on my show two and a half years ago, even before the CDC put the document out, warning of heart attacks and blood clots.
  We know from the research of similar vaccine trials or mRNA shots in lab rats and other things that this was happening.
  So if you knew, if the CDC knew on their own website, why did they then roll this out?
  There's obviously a premeditated nature to this.
  I know privately a few years ago, you confided that's where you thought it was going.
  Now you've been a lot more bold about the master plan, the 50,000 foot view on this, Doc.
  You know, we have records now.
   Ralph Baric at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, the most knowledgeable person on coronavirus, also the quietest person over the last He was a DARPA and BARDA consultant and researcher, had won millions of dollars in grants.
  He showed in 1992 that beta coronaviruses given in high enough doses could cause myocarditis in animal models.
  So that's the reason why we knew COVID itself could cause myocarditis and that's the reason why the NCAA Big Ten had a myocarditis screening program in 2020 with COVID.
  So did the military.
  They found very few cases of myocarditis.
  So they packed up their screening programs and once the vaccines were started, that's when the damage really happened and no one was looking for it.
  You know, this is a tragedy what's going on now.
  Two papers, one by Mansoukian and the other one by Lepesek, show that about 2.5% of people who take a vaccine develop heart damage.
   50% of the time they can't feel it and the first manifestation Is sudden cardiac arrest two points in timeouts usually during sleep from 3 to 6 a.m.
  and during sports activities and that's where there's a surge in internal adrenaline which is the trigger for sudden cardiac death and someone who's had subclinical myocarditis.
  There's so many points to hit.
  You'll be with us next Tuesday.
  Actually, remotely, we'll cover the waterfront.
  But I know the general audience listens to you.
  They know about all this.
  They're like, why are you telling us again?
  Well, because a lot of people still don't know, and they're going to try to push this whole agenda.
  They're still trying to make the military take it.
  Blue cities are still trying to make the children take it.
  This fight is far from over.
  We're starting to win.
  We're getting major traction.
  But don't we need to push harder than ever?
  We do.
  It's clear.
  You know, I gave a press interview outside my hotel in Washington before I testified in the Senate.
  And, you know, one of the workers who worked at the hotel, she came up to me, she goes, what's all this about?
  I said, we're, you know, we're concerned about the vaccines that cause blood clots and heart damage.
  And she goes, I took two of these.
  I had no idea.
  So, Alex, there are still people out there that have no idea.
  They're just, you know, in their usual walks of life.
  And our government has betrayed them.
  Our government is not warning people what can happen with these shots.
  And the same people doing this, even if somebody's a sociopath that doesn't care about folks getting hurt, just because you know it's hurting you, you don't do it, it's going to break down society.
  The same people doing it are going to expand this.
  They're going to make it forced.
  They already are.
   We've got The Twitter files are going to be a bombshell.
  There's no doubt about it.
   I know you wanted to hit on how big the Twitter files are and why Fauci is really so scared
   and now the White House is saying he's sacrosanct, cannot be criticized.
  So he says he's science.
  I thought the nature of science was challenged.
  Fauci is really concerned right now.
  What do you expect to come out of these Twitter files?
  The Twitter files are going to be a bombshell.
  There's no doubt about it.
   We learned through American First Legal that the CDC was actively meeting with Twitter,
   figuring out which accounts to censor, shadowban, how to channel information to give a message
   that's only positive on the vaccines, that is to suppress any information on treatment.
  Look, 98% of people wanted me on Twitter, Alex.
  It's clear that I was giving the world a fair, balanced analysis of what's going on.
  And you're right.
  Yesterday, Anthony Fauci said that Twitter is a, quote, cesspool of information.
  Well, I can tell you the CDC was taking Twitter very seriously.
  It wasn't a cesspool at all.
  In fact, it was a valuable source of scientific information.
  And then finally, I've had my day and I'm back on Twitter.
  I'm going to help other scientists go on.
  Jay Bhattacharya, who's in my frequent contributor group at Fox News, Jay was invited to go into the Twitter headquarters.
  And hopefully he made an impact.
  I think he did.
  Now, Jay has been one of the authors of the Great Barrington Declaration.
  He's really been focused on public health measures, lockdowns, masks, and just appropriate precautions for our seniors.
  But Bhattacharya has been directly attacked by Fauci.
  Bhattacharya must have made the case to let myself, other eminent scientists, back on Twitter.
   And I'm going to continue the same, just bringing the world the truth And, you know, I reflexively do it across all the platforms.
  I've built up Getter, TruSocial, Substack, and Telegram.
  Alright, well, regardless if Musk isn't letting me back, he's still a hero for what he's doing.
  I cannot deny the fruits of the tree.
  And I like the direction he's moving in, so we should all support him in exactly.
  Meeting with prominent, respected scientists, and then freeing the other prominent scientists is critical to freedom on this planet.
   Dr. Peter McCullough, I really appreciate you.
  People can find you at drpetermccullohmd.com.
  I know you've also launched with some prominent folks a one-stop online medical consultation and prescription system that I know we're really promoting.
  How do people find that?
  It's the wellness company.
  It is a nationwide alternative health system platform.
  Go to TWC.health.
  Sign up.
  It's $10 a month for the cell phone app, access to doctors, medications, exemptions from taking the vaccine.
  This is what a lot of people are looking for.
  Alex, your show has been a wonderful supporter.
  That's right.
  The truth will set us free.
  Thank you, doctor.
  Talk to you next Tuesday.
  Look, it's not hype when you've delivered.
  And InfoWars has been the tip of spear against tyranny.
  And when it comes to products we sell to fund our operation, they're just like our news and information.
  They are powerful and they change the world.
  Real Red Pill Plus is one of our top sellers, but for over two years, it's been sold out because of supply chain breakdowns.
  It's finally back in stock.
  We're 50% off at InfoWarshaw.com.
  Now, in the limited time we have, I can't get into all the ingredients that are in it, but this sucker is amazing.
  Look for yourself at how loaded each bottle is, ladies and gentlemen.
  Every one of these will supercharge your day and everything you do.
  Just look at the Preglanone that we've got that's in this product.
  Get your Real Red Pill Plus, a proprietary product nobody else has, exclusively back in stock for 50% off at InfoWarsTore.com.
  This is as close as the Matrix Red Pill as you're gonna get.
  Red Pill Plus, 50% off, InfoWarsTore.com.
  In the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth.
  And the earth was without form, and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep.
  And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters, and God said, Let there be light.
  And there was light.
  And God saw the light.
  They was good, and divided the light from the darkness.
  And God called the late day, and the darkness He called night, and the evening and the morning were the first day.
  And God said, let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.
  And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament.
  And it was so.
  And God called the firmament Heaven.
  And the evening and the morning was the second day.
  And God said, Let the waters of the heavens be gathered together into one place.
  And let the dry land appear, and it was so.
  And God called the dry land Earth.
  And the gathering together of the waters called East Sea.
  And God saw that it was good.
   And from the crew of Apollo 8, We close with good night, good luck, a merry Christmas, and God bless all of you.
  All of you on the good earth.
   I've taken a lot of supplements over the years, since high school.
  And they had great effects.
  And the science has gotten better and better and better over the years.
  And now with all the things we're bombarded with, and the water and the food and the feminizing factors, it is more important than ever to use the compounds God gave us to boost our natural male potential.
  These products work great for women as well.
  Ladies and gentlemen, we have Pain MD.
  It's a number one national bestseller under another name.
  We got it discounted for 40% off at InfoWarsTore.com under the label InfoWars Platinum.
  We've also got HGH Max Boost.
  Read all about it.
  Be very safe with it.
  I'd take only a fraction of what they say at first and take it before you go to bed at night.
  Don't do it during the day.
  1776 testosterone boost.
  Totally incredible.
  Go read about them.
  Learn more about them.
  At InfoWarsStore.com in the InfoWars Platinum section.
  And you get 40% off on these already best-selling products under the new name InfoWars Platinum.
   Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order. It's Alex Jones
When I grow up I want to be a rock star We now take you live
  Subscribe to our channel for more videos!
  We now take you live to the Central Texas Command Center in the heart of the resistance.
  You're listening to Alex Jones.
  Let that sink in where the best there is.
  I say that very humbly because I'm not that good, but we're all we got.
   I know you're Humble as well, but you understand, as viewers and listeners of this broadcast, you are the heart of the awakening.
  You are the heart of the knowledge of how to address the New World Order, how to stop the New World Order, and how to build a new, better future for our species with God's divine intervention.
  Look, obviously the big news today is the escalation in Russia, and I just keep every week reporting how the escalation gets worse, and we're out of control, and we're officially at war with Russia, and the U.S.
  is helping bomb Russia, and Russia's now readying its mobile nukes.
  This is a global emergency alert.
  Russia readies ICBMs, threatens to nuke West after U.S.
  Green Line's missile attacks on Russia.
  This is insanity.
  But why am I spending so much time on the poison shots?
  Because it's the globalists that are the dominant power group in the world, allied with the chi-coms at one level, that are rolling these deadly shots out to collapse civilization, and if we can stop that aspect of the attack, we derail their whole operation.
   It's very hard to get the public that's grown up Relatively safe and free, compared to what we're about to be, about nuclear war and, oh, a war in Russia, a war in Ukraine, in Central Europe, in Eastern Europe.
  What's the big deal?
  It's like another planet, but it's not another planet.
  It's only 4,000 or 5,000 miles away.
  So, I've been hammering the poison shots because at some place we're getting something done.
  The situation with the United States and our troops over there fighting the Russians for years, but now it's official, is something that really makes me have anxiety.
  And few things do.
  Because it's so dangerous, it's so needless, it's so reckless.
  And the corrupt, decadent people running our world get off on this.
  And they enjoy the brinksmanship and the danger.
  That's why people go and they gamble.
  They like to see the roulette wheel, and they like to see the cards dealt, and it gives people excitement, and it releases dopamine in the brain.
  And as long as you're not a degenerate gambler, and you just do it for fun, it's not a bad thing.
  But we know it has a dangerous side.
  Well, war just goes from bad to worse, and it's the ultimate drug.
  And... We need to warn everybody we know about the situation.
  We need to lay out how serious it is, and the history of it, and where it's obviously going.
  And we need to get right with God.
  I want to get back to the poison shots, then I'm going to get into this news on the Russia-Ukraine escalation.
  But first, I just want to encourage listeners to protect yourselves and to boost your immune systems and to be healthier and to lead better lives.
  And a great way to do that is with high-quality supplementation.
  And all the products we sell are top of the line, the best, the purest, the strongest, the cleanest.
  And you get discounts on them from where you would get them other places, because almost all of our products except for X2, X3, DNA Force, and a few others are not proprietary.
  They're just...
  Private labels of already best-selling products that are highly rated and from the best companies.
  And we were already getting the best supplements, but now we've broken through on two fronts to the actual two big national makers where we were already getting our raw material from through other large companies, but they were middlemen.
  And so, the first of 10 products just rolled out that are new, InfoWars MD, and they're just incredible.
  This is 95% turmeric.
  That's why it's called Turmeric 95.
  The strongest curcumin oil you can get.
  Unbelievable what it does for your inflammation, your cells, your immune system.
  It's just so important.
  Especially in the winter months with what's going on.
  So, Turmeric 95, discounted, out of the gates, InfoWarsStore.com.
  I'm not going to go over all the ingredients, folks.
  Nitric Boost has a bunch of known natural compounds that massively boost nitrous oxide in your blood that is so good for cleaning out your arteries and making your heart be healthy.
  Everybody should be taking this, especially folks 40 or older.
  It's now available.
  We also have Mushroom Max, which is a clone of one of the best-selling national brands of known rare mushroom concentrates.
   that do incredible things for the mind and for mental clarity and focus without a stimulant or amphetamine driver.
   So Mushroom Max is a very, very popular product sold by a lot of people under several different names.
   And you say, "Well, why private label? Why not make your own thing?"
   Well, something's already the highest rated and already the best. You just get that.
   So it's private labeled by us. You get it guaranteed lower than anybody else is selling it.
  So that's available as well.
  And then we have Libido RX.
  Now, this is a bunch of natural compounds.
  There's like 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 different things in this.
  And personally, this works for me way better than something like Cialis or Viagra.
  And not that I need it, but you get older, you go for your yearly checkup, the doctor goes, hey, you want some Cialis?
  No, yeah, okay.
  It's like, wow.
  I don't really have any issues, but this is something else.
  We're adults here, folks, but the missus certainly isn't upset about it.
  This has a bigger effect for me than that, and I...
  Remember being like 16 and you would have painful erections?
  So look out.
  All of these, ladies and gentlemen, are really powerful and are the real deal.
  So be careful with it all.
  There's six other products as well.
  They don't have a lot of the CBD.
  That's all selling out as we speak.
  It's amazing.
  High quality, very low price as well.
  We'll have more of that in the new year.
  And a lot of this stuff is selling out.
  We also have Vitamin Mineral Fusion selling out very soon.
  Despite that, it's an excellent formula.
  We're still going to keep it discounted.
  50% off at InfoWareStore.com.
  But this is how we fund the operation and it makes your life better.
  I don't want to be a little catty getting into what Libido RX does, but it's just amazing.
  And each formula is different.
  You know, supermobility is great, but it's a different driver.
  And then you've got...
  Things like that.
  But LabidaRx is really, really amazing.
  And they all compliment each other.
  Infowarstore.com or 888-253-3139.
  And please do your Christmas shopping with us.
  We will stay on air.
  Even Associated Press reported that.
  They said as long as Jones' supporters keep supporting him, Jones has got two years of appeals.
  He's going to win the appeals.
  There's no way we can't if we have the money for the appeals.
  So we're not going anywhere.
  And that's the reality of this.
  And we just need your support.
  Plus, these are great products.
  So please do some of your Christmas shopping or all of it at InfoWarsTore.com.
  And finally, the Great Reset and the War for the World.
  This is a number one bestseller.
  It was in the top 10 for like three, four months.
  It really is powerful.
  It's a good read, a riveting read.
  It's all documented.
  If you want to know about the New World Order, you want to know how to stop them in the war for the world, the great reset in the war for the world, we have signed, and we have a fundraiser, signed copies.
  I want to thank all of you that have gotten a signed copy.
  If you haven't got a signed copy, it's a fundraiser.
  Keep us on air.
  Infowarsstore.com or 888-253-3139.
  So, excuse me, I was eating some almonds during the break.
  Got one, I'm going down the wrong way there.
  So, I kind of eat like the Cookie Monster during breaks.
  I'm like, forget to swallow a piece of it and it's in my lungs.
  It starts getting in my lungs.
   Not very fun, but what you really don't want to get in your lungs is these viruses, ladies and gentlemen, and that is why If you're not getting sunlight, which almost nobody is in the winter, it's so important to supplement with things like Vitamin Mineral Fusion and the Vitamin D3 gummies.
  But I'm done plugging.
  I'm done harping.
  But you gotta know, it's your funding that allows people like Dr. Peter McCullough to get the truth out.
  Or Edward Dowd that's coming on.
  And all of this.
  This is earth-changing information.
  World-changing.
  And I know you as an audience, the regular listener, knows almost all of this.
  But remember, we're not just some regular entertainment show.
  We're really trying to change the world.
  We are.
  Please.
  Spread the words.
  Please share the evil URL, the forbidden URL, InfoWars.com.
  Please share, may or not, videos.
  Share the best articles, the best videos.
  Take clips of the show.
  Share on your email, your text message.
  That's how we change the world.
  All right, I'm going to hit the Russia news, the economy news, and then our special guest joins us.
  Please stay with us.
  Look at that.
  Holy cow.
  It changed immediately.
  Didn't it?
  Yep.
  Holy cow.
  Instantly cleared.
  I've never seen anything do that.
  And I don't mean to sound sensational, I just... Right.
  I haven't.
  Never seen anything do that.
  Nope.
  Never seen anything do that.
  Look at that.
  Oh.
  Wow.
  The visor.
  That's the visor, right?
  Both of them.
  Look at that.
  You saw that.
  I saw that.
  Wow.
  That's unusual.
  Alright, let's go take a look again.
  Okay, so we'll first take the normal one.
  This is the regular without anything on it.
  You can see little platelet clumps up in here, throughout, and then a couple of white cells in the background.
  Well, that looks pretty decent.
  Like you're going to live forever, Dale.
  Alright, good to know.
  Alright, let's see what the derna looks like.
  So again, we'll start kind of out at that thicker edge first.
  And we'll work our way towards, which should be the thinner portion of the prep.
  The question is, where'd all the cells go?
  Seriously.
  They're gone.
  Seriously.
  I pushed them back into a big giant clump over at the edged clump.
  And again, is that the charge on the particles?
  I don't know.
  But where we put that drop, there are no red cells there.
  I was going to say, as they come out, it's almost like they're, you know, getting leather bleached and clear.
  Bleached and clear.
  Some of them are folded and some are called, what do we call, crenulated, a little crinkled.
  But yeah, I mean, that whole edge is like bleached.
  So this is the J&J.
  That's totally different.
  Isn't it?
  It's like a nuclear bomb went off.
  Yeah, it's disordered, isn't it?
  And then there's a little more of that stacking, that rouleau here.
  And again, look at all this clumping here out on the edge of it.
  Yeah.
  It just, yeah, like you said, like a nuclear bomb went off.
  It just congealed it.
  And again, that's not spike, that's just the lipid nanoparticle.
  So these are becoming more spherical, and you're losing that donut in the middle of your red cell.
  What's happening here is slightly from the outside of the cell in, causing those cells to balloon up slightly, because now you've got a subtle osmotic shift here.
  And all of these are supposed to be, you know, again, isotonic.
  These are supposed to be balanced with the pH of the body.
  Shouldn't be seeing, you know, this kind of reaction.
  It shouldn't be damaging to the cells of the body right away like this.
  So here's that first visor, and these were the ones where we just put a drop on and the whole thing just cleared.
  This is where all that fluid went.
  And again, like that J&J, just caused immediate dispersion and clumping.
  And those don't look very red to me either.
  Oh, and look at this.
  Those little spikies.
  Those are called echinocytes.
  So, it instantly changed the pH interior.
  These are little blobs of protein on the membrane of the red cell because the red cell has involuted and then those proteins on the surface, they don't have room to go.
   It's like flattening a ball of some sort and it's kind of all baggy, but You know, so all these little fingers, that is not spike protein.
  So that's another myth I wouldn't mind dispelling.
  I mean, it's crazy because it's done it to so many.
  We didn't see that on the other ones, right?
  No, we didn't see that on the other ones.
  So that's fascinating.
  You can watch this video in its entirety right now at Band.Video.
   Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order, it's Alex Jones.
  
  Welcome back, my friends.
  I want to say something about nuclear war here, and then I'm going to finish up with the medical news and get back into that.
  Then get into the global economy being imploded by design with a real expert who's got the numbers and the facts been proven right.
  I am not a fearful person.
  I'm a person who likes to be prepared, likes to face things down.
   And earlier, at the start of the next segment, I remember when I was about 16, the first time I had an anxiety attack.
  I probably only had 10 of them in my life.
  And you feel like you can't breathe and everything's crazy and you're sick.
  Something's wrong.
  I remember the first time I'd had like four or five cups of coffee.
  When I was a teacher's aide when I was 17, in the first period I just drank too much coffee that day.
  I got up at like 4 a.m., jogged, lifted weights, ate breakfast, done some of my homework that was late, got to school at like 8 in the morning, drank more coffee, and I had an anxiety attack from too much coffee.
  My mom said, hey, how many cups of coffee you had?
  I said, I had five.
  She said, you can't do that.
  Next time I went to a cafeteria that was all you could eat, drank about six glasses of iced tea, had an anxiety attack.
  So I learned not to get too much caffeine or I could have that.
  I never really had any since then.
  And now I only have about one cup of coffee a day or so.
  But lately with this nuclear war stuff, I have been having anxiety attacks.
  And I started having one at the start of the last segment when I looked at the news and was about to cover it.
  I just couldn't do it.
  Because I have children.
  And I'm pissed off.
  And there's a really good chance we're all gonna die.
  And I'm tired of this, and I'm sick of the New World Order, and I'm sick of the criminals that run Washington.
  And I tell you, it's because I'm not turning this desk over and I'm not smashing stuff.
  Because that's what I really feel like doing.
   But instead of doing that, We need to take a deep breath, and just pray to God to cause a global awakening, which is starting to happen, and that we just have peace.
  And I know things aren't going to be perfect, and we know what Revelation looks like, and they had a big poll out this week, I didn't get to it yesterday, where upwards of half of Americans think we're in the end times.
  Well, Nineveh was about to be destroyed, but God sent Jonah, and Nineveh was given a hundred year reprieve, because they repented.
   And so, God has ordained, God has set things up that are going to happen, but God also lets us choose our own adventure.
  You know those little books for teenagers where they have three or four different endings and you choose your adventure by what page you turn to?
  And so it's set what's going to happen, studying history, but it's also up to our will and what we do, God gives us options.
  And I can tell you at a gut level, a spiritual level, not just an intellectual level, not just a military level, but at a gut level, I can tell you this situation with Russia, and I don't think you need me to tell you this, is very dangerous and is ticking towards thermonuclear Armageddon.
  And God said next time he'd destroy much of the earth, not with water, but with fire.
  And so that's where we are.
  And.
   It's what you expect to happen when they have drag queen story time at the White House.
  That's a nice Sodom and Gomorrah signpost, or like a light on the oven telling you that, you know, the turkey's done.
  And of course, the drag queen people that were at the White House are on record, there's an article on Infowars.com, I'm not going to quote it here on air, talking about sex with children.
  Of course.
  That's what goes on at the White House.
  And you got mass smuggling going on by Biden, and now he's completely dissolving the border, getting rid of Title 42.
  We are a cursed nation.
  Let's just admit it.
   it we turned away from God and look where we are now. So it's a bunch of
  maniacs that want our children.
  Now, I said I'd get to this first, so let's play these clips.
   One is the Santas, one is a leading British MP, and then another, A group based out of the UK, but represents 70 grassroots organizations all over the world.
  Dr. Malhotra is one of the leaders of this group.
  Let's just play clip 15, five and seven back to back.
  Here they are.
   A group based out of the UK, but represents 70 grassroots organizations all over the world.
  Dr. Malhotra is one of the leaders of this group.
   The World Council for Health, on June 11, 2022, issued a pharmacovigilance report.
  They analyzed all the vaccines.
   39 safety systems, four big ones in the world, and they're all consistent.
  There is an alarming signal of excess death after taking the vaccine.
  An alarming signal.
  Looking backwards, these vaccines should have come off the market in early January of 2021 for excess mortality.
  People dying early after the vaccines, now dying late after the vaccines.
  And this report is comprehensive.
  It's about 20 pages long.
  And I encourage anybody to say, listen, show me some evidence that the vaccines are harmful.
  You know, don't do it on your own.
  Just go to the World Council for Health.
  This is a wonderful synthesis because it's all over the world.
  And I can tell you, in total, many tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, and potentially millions of people have lost their lives with the vaccine.
  This will go down as the biggest biological pharmaceutical safety disaster in the history of mankind by a mile.
  This will go down worse than most wars in terms of mortality.
  You know, part of this issue and other issues with COVID, you know, goes back to an attempt to enforce one acceptable narrative on all these issues.
  And, you know, you saw it with the censorship of Dr. Bhattacharya.
   with Twitter. You also saw it with Dr. Fauci and some of these people saying
   that they needed to go after these people who wrote the Great Barrington
  Declaration. They wanted to not contest the ideas in that.
   They basically wanted to to smear them because they didn't want to have any
   criticism of their lockdown policies. And so part of the reason I think it's
   been a bad response is because from the very beginning you had a lot of
   arrogance that it's our way or the highway and anyone that offers any type of a dissenting
   opinion and they were censoring from day one.
   People that would write anti-lockdown things in March of 2020, April 2020, some of those would get taken down off some of these big tech platforms and so we saw that over and over again and I think that ultimately, you know,
   your policies or your positions or your analysis of this medical science should stand on
  its own.
   And if it's not able to accept criticism, if you can't defend the policy against valid
  criticism, then maybe you need to be looking in the mirror.
  But that's not what these elites wanted to do.
   They wanted to just cocoon themselves from any criticism and to try to denigrate anybody
  that had a different way of thinking.
   So I think with the Twitter, what Elon Musk is doing, I think there's going to be a lot
   more that comes out with that and I think that's very important.
  But I think it's also important to say, you know, Twitter is not even close to most of the censorship, what was going on.
  They're a much smaller company than like a Google or YouTube or some of these others.
  And I guarantee you everything that was going on in Twitter is going on in these others, if not even more so.
  And we got a sense of that when they went after us for having the opposing the masks, having the experts oppose the masks for these young kids.
  That's right.
  Huge, organized government-corporate combine censoring, persecuting, attacking, and calling for our arrest when we question things.
  Remember?
  And wanting to arrest anti-vaxxers and all the rest of it.
  So Dr. McCullough exposed what's going on.
  Governor DeSantis exposed what goes on.
  The Member of Parliament in the UK, Andrew Bridgen, also has been talking about what whistleblowers are telling him.
  But we've known this for years and years.
  You heard the key that DeSantis laid out there.
  He said day one they were suppressing everybody because they knew what they were doing.
  And that's why this is life and death.
  We're going to be in a permanent biomedical journey where they kill us with shots.
  And where it's normalized that people just die everywhere and we just get used to it.
  And then everybody just goes along with it because no one wants to admit it's happening.
  Mass Stockholm Syndrome.
  That's their attempt and goal.
  Remember I met with a top globalist once.
  I was on an airplane with him for three hours flying to New York.
  He's like, I recognize you, you're the head of the major bank.
  Yeah, this is off-record, Alex, I'll tell you.
  And he just said, they're going to adapt to being slaves.
  You don't get it.
  You think they're going to adapt and overcome like you do?
  No.
  You should join us because you overcome.
  They don't overcome.
  They're going to submit to whatever we do.
  Well, no, we're not!
  No, we're not!
  And I'm not signing on to mass murder.
  As if anybody's going to be safe in this future system with you people.
  So we'll end the clip with a member of parliament and then start the second hour with our special guest that you, believe me, do not want to miss what's coming up in the next hour.
  Go ahead and play this clip.
  Madam Deputy Speaker, it's also been brought to my attention by a whistleblower, from a very reliable source, that one of these institutions is covering up clear data that reveals the mRNA vaccine increases inflammation of the heart arteries.
  They are covering this up in fear that they may lose funding from the pharmaceutical industry.
   The leader of that cardiology research department has a prominent leadership role with the British Heart Foundation And I'm very disappointed to say that he has sent out non-disclosure agreements to his research team to ensure that this important data never sees the light of day.
  This, Madam Speaker, is an absolute disgrace.
  Alex Jones here with a massive game changer.
  We've been working on this for over a year, and finally, it is ready to roll out to market, to you, the viewers and listeners, to enrich your life and fund InfoWars, to stay on the air, a 360 win.
  Introducing InfoWars MD, 10 new products that are private labeled from the top company in the United States, recognized for the strongest, highest quality, highest tested products that are out there.
  10 new products.
  The Super Greens, Super Food Greens, the Turmeric 95.
  We've got incredible full-spectrum, high-end CBD oil at incredibly low prices in 10mg, 20mg, and 1000mg.
  So be careful.
  We've got super high-quality collagen for your skin and more.
  And the products just go on and on.
  Max Mushroom is an insane nootropic that naturally boosts your cognitability.
  Better Mood, unbelievable.
  All of this is simply incredible.
  Then, of course, we've got Nitric Boost.
  It's got the known compounds to increase nitrous oxide massively in your blood that is so good for your whole body.
  And then, Libido RX will absolutely blow you away.
  It's all available at infowarstore.com right now.
  And look, these are clones.
   of some of the best-selling products in the nation under other names.
  And the difference is, many of these products retail for $100.
  We're slashing the price on that massively.
  Check it out at InfoWarsTore.com.
   Normally, if somebody's trying to get 1,000 mg CBD oil of this quality,
  it's $100 to $150.
  Ladies and gentlemen, this is way, way, way, way below that.
  So it's all available at InfoWarsStore.com.
  You've got to check out the new line, InfoWarsMD, exclusively at InfoWarsStore.com, and it funds our operation.
  Really, this is powerful.
  You need to check it out.
   If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance.
  
   By opening the floodgates to unfettered free speech, Elon Musk has allowed hate to spread far and fast on Twitter.
   While the left winds out another distraction about Matt Taibbi catering to the richest man in the world, what do the Twitter files reveal about the inner workings of as the Taibbi described a Frankensteinian tale of a human built
   mechanism grown out of the control of its designer. By 2020 requests from the New
   World Order disciples to delete tweets were routine. One executive
   would write to another more to review from the Biden team.
  The reply would come back, handled.
  Twitter was acting as a wrecking ball of political tech censorship, catering to the corrupt Washington establishment, directly impacting and propagandizing a digital town square, which affected the general welfare of the United States, whose lifeblood is protected by the power and freedom of the First Amendment.
   And if it turns out there are a lot of us on this list, where the DNC targeted us, And I will quote the immortal words of Joseph Welch when he
   attacked Bill McCarthy for the enemies list he had, "At long last, sir, have you no shame."
  Yes.
   President Biden, all of your stocky little operatives in the DNC who have targeted American
  citizens.
  Have you, Mr. President, have all of you at last.
  No shame.
  Taibbi points out that both parties had access to these tools.
  For instance, in 2020, requests from both the Trump White House and the Biden campaign were received and honored.
  But the overwhelming amount of leftist Marxist cucks staffed at Twitter ensured that Democrat Party requests took the front burner.
   A fact backed up by the overall donations by Twitter to the Democrat Party reaching
   99.73% or $165,969 to Democrats while $451 went to Republicans in 2022.
  Are you worried about these Twitter files coming out?
  What was that experience like, having Kellyanne, who's always in control of herself, siccing this mega trolls on you?
  It's terrifying.
  When you get targeted in some of these ways, it's hard to differentiate between what is somebody just online trying to rattle you and what's a real threat.
  You see in things like Pizzagate that online conspiracies can mobilize very real and very direct offline violence.
  I saw those harms.
  I experienced those harms.
  And now it was those harms through a mainstream news outlet being held up in the Oval Office by the former President of the United States.
  And that is deeply terrifying.
  What does appear to be illegal to the point of treason is that a false narrative of possible foreign hacks supposedly behind the Biden laptop debacle was manufactured by Silicon Valley, the media, and the DNC.
  Well, we know that this whole smear on Joe Biden comes from the Kremlin.
  That's been clear for well over a year now that they've been pushing this false narrative about the Vice President and his son.
  According to internal emails, there was zero evidence of foreign interference occurring.
   What did occur was a meltdown of internal Twitter censorship spearheaded by top Twitter
   management with the result of ultimately burying a critical story under false pretenses in
   order to sway popular opinion and alter the outcome of the 2020 presidential election.
   In retrospect, we now know that as the New York Post reported, nearly four of five Americans
   who've been following the Hunter Biden laptop scandal believe that truthful coverage would
  have changed the outcome of the 2020 presidential election.
   And an even higher number, 81% said U.S. Attorney General Merrick Garland should investigate
  the laptop.
   Not only have Twitter employees like head of legal policy and trust Vijaya Gadi and
   trust in safety chief Yole Roth proven that they willingly altered the 2020 U.S.
  presidential election, but they have demonstrated that Silicon Valley, the Mockingbird media, and the corruption in Washington is an occupying force and a direct threat to the stability and the future of the United States of America.
  This cyber insurrection is what I'm calling it.
  It's an assault on this country and it's borderline treason if you think about what the executives did at Twitter.
  Why does the establishment spend so much time demonizing InfoWars, attacking myself and the crew and our other host?
  Because they know we're pro-human.
  They know we're telling the truth.
  They know we've got their number.
  They know everything we do is about empowering humanity.
  And God gave us, through Mother Nature, incredible compounds.
  That will supercharge our body's stamina, libido, energy, and immune systems.
  And we came out many years ago with Real Red Pill Plus that has all the documented compounds like preglanone and so much more to supercharge your body.
  And to give your body the key elements and the key ingredients it needs to function at a proper level.
  This is the answer to the New World Order's tyranny.
  This is real Red Pill Plus.
  Sold out for two years.
  50% off at InfoWarsTore.com.
  Get the Red Pill Plus exclusively.
  InfoWarsTore.com.
  The front lines of the information war.
  It's Alex Jones.
  
  Headlines on Infowars.com.
  Update.
  New Zealand government steals baby from parents after they demand unvaccinated blood for heart surgery.
  And now they're putting a guardian over the baby, but they've still got the little sweetie pie right there that we can see on screen.
  I want to first go to a short newscast with the update and then go to them joining us in the middle of the night in New Zealand.
  Here it is.
  A decision has been made in this case of the four-month-old baby and whether guardianship will be put into the court.
  The judge has ruled for guardianship of this four-month-old baby to be placed into the court so that its heart surgery can proceed as soon as possible.
  Now this is only a temporary guardianship of the court for this child, a set period of time.
  Until the 31st of January.
  Now the court will appoint two doctors as its agents for the purpose of consenting to this child's surgery.
  All decisions relating to surgery including the blood products that are used.
  Now these medical agents will have to keep the child's parents informed and remember that the parents remain the agents of all other decisions for this child.
   Now lawyers in the court at the hearing yesterday said as soon as a decision was released They would begin preparations here at Starship Hospital for this baby's surgery to go ahead.
  They said that would take about 48 hours to prepare for.
  So 48 hours from now it is likely or possible that this child could go ahead with heart surgery in the usual manner on Friday.
  Alice, can the family appeal this decision?
  Yes, Mike, they do have the right to.
  At this stage, we don't have any indication as it's just come out as to whether that will happen.
  However, regardless, this order still has effect until any appeal can be heard.
  So lawyers for the family would need to also apply for a stay.
  Alex, we're going to come back to you later with some more reaction to this but just repeating that breaking news that a gravely ill baby has been put into guardianship by the Auckland High Court.
   four-month-old child their medical decisions now being made by court
   appointed agents who will consent to the surgery and allow it to go ahead.
   Alice we're going to come back to you later with some more reaction to this
   but just repeating that breaking news that a gravely ill baby has been put
   into guardianship by the Auckland High Court. More on this throughout the
   bulletin. So this is all about the state it's the same worldwide you indirected
   taking control of your bodies and now saying we're gonna put blood product to
   people that have a growing prion or spike protein in your body.
  We have all the medical reports, the governor of Florida has criminal investigations going, and Big Pharma lying about this, but they're still doubling down.
  Samantha Savage and Cole Reeves, join us, savebabywill.com.
  Donations needed at buymeacoffee.com forward slash savebabywill.
  We'll put all that on screen for you.
  They're up the middle of the night in New Zealand.
   We also have the reporters going to be joining us who first broke this travesty so the world would know about this attack on parents on bodily autonomy by these Joseph Mingala-esque mad scientist.
  So Cole Reeves and Samantha Savage, thank you for joining us.
  Tell us what this has been like and lay out what's happened so far and then the latest news about the supposed guardianship of these doctors taking over.
  Thank you for having us.
  Yeah, I mean, it's horrendous.
  It's horrendous what's happening and what's happened and what our baby is facing.
  And we're feeling pretty upset by it all, as you can imagine.
  Yeah, we're just sort of putting one foot in front of the next now.
  Yeah, thanks Alex for having us on.
  It's a great honour to be able to tell the world what's going on here in this country, because it's very criminal.
   We're sort of flabbergasted that the legal system's got down to this, where they're essentially medically kidnapping our baby, and then they're going to perform a medical experiment on him, which is now proven To be a medical experiment, because it's been proven in the court the other day, and all the parties agree, that this blood product that they're offering has got some serious problems.
  That was a fact that was brought out in the court and agreed to by the judge and by everyone, so we're just wondering how you can justify going ahead with an operation when you know that there's a problem.
  Well, you know, the news always condenses it down, only shows one side.
  Tell us the timeline here, when this began, when it became a story.
  Well, it began, I suppose, at his birth.
  And then, because we are people that haven't decided to take the injection, there was always a lot of fear around us.
   So, you know, in subsequent baby scans and things in Sam's tummy, Uh, all of what should have been picked up was missed through people, you know, being terribly afraid of us because we're not vaccinated.
  So, you know, what should have been a problem that could have been addressed a long time ago was only picked up not that long ago and now it's just blown out into all of this.
  Yeah, so basically we've been told that this sort of condition for Will is something that is often picked up in the antenatal scans.
  So I had the antenatal scan and it should have taken two hours and it only took an hour because she was just trying to rush it through.
  And then, you know, there's been two echos that have been done.
  Once he was born, that also missed it, and the third echo is the one that actually found the problem.
  And then it was a big rush after that to try and get the treatment for him.
  But you know, again, as a mother knows, I knew that there was something wrong from the very beginning.
   I'm a trained professional myself, and I knew that What was happening with him wasn't right.
  There was something going on.
  And you know, I pushed the nurses and the people that were coming to our home just to try and figure out what actually was going on.
  And finally, we found out that it was to do with his heart.
   So you, with mother's intuition, said he was sick, it was proven he was sick, and now your research and common science and experimental injections and a huge international scandal that blood banks say people don't want blood that's been contaminated, they mix the blood together, we've had huge scandals with Bayer, Knowingly shipping out millions of doses of a blood product.
  They knew had HIV and hepatitis in it.
  That famous scandal.
  And so this is a big scandal.
  This is a legitimate thing that you're saying that you know there should be a blood banks now that are been given the experimental shots and those that don't.
  So what you're saying I think is being attacked and shut down because it makes so much sense and it's so legitimate and they don't want any precedent for this.
  Yeah, totally.
  That's exactly right.
  And you know, we've been painted in the media as something that we're not.
  You know, we're loving parents that want actually the very, very, very best for our baby.
  We know he needs heart surgery.
  We've been pleading with the whole medical team here to do it.
   But please, we don't want Blood that potentially could have spike protein.
  We don't want that.
  We know that is, you know, he's got a compromised heart.
  We don't want to put something in that could be cardiotoxic to his heart.
  Which by the way, as you know, it's now admitted all over the world.
  Governments admit, the CDC admits here in America, that it does attack young people's hearts.
  There's no doubt about that.
  And especially males.
  And he's male.
  And he's already got an existing heart condition, you know, that is quite rare.
  And then they're, it's just incredible, but they're arrogantly saying we aren't going to bother looking for anything in the blood because we deem that the blood people are telling us it's safe, so we won't even look into it.
  Wow.
  Wow, they have really bitten off more than they could chew.
  I want to go to break and give you guys the floor and bring in the reporter, Liz Gunn, that broke this anytime she wants to pop in.
  But there's so many facets to this.
  I just want to say as we go to break, I want to thank you for standing up for my rights, because this is all a global run thing.
  So Australia is America, Canada is Germany.
  South Africa is New Zealand.
  I mean we're all facing the same big corporate biomedical takeover and we're all going to be faced with this and so you guys are like the icebreakers just because of the time and you know where God put you to be on the front lines saying no and I want to thank you for myself and my family for standing up for all our rights.
  People need to go right now to savebabywill.com.
  You can also donate to these folks to help battle and fight this.
  Their fight is our fight.
  This is so important.
  Savebabywill.com or buymeacoffee.com forward slash savebabywill.
  These monsters want full control of our lives.
  They're targeting our children with these poison shots.
  Now they want to put poison blood in them.
  I want to thank the listeners.
  I've sent out the bad signal many times, but we are maxed out.
  Our legal bills are going down because we're on appeal.
  I'm in bankruptcy.
  It's chapter 11, subchapter 5.
  It's a reorganization.
  As long as we can be solvent and somewhat profitable, then the money will go to run this operation, keep us on the air for years while the appeals go forward.
  The only way to be taken off the air is if you don't support the broadcasts and if you don't buy great products that you already need.
  Go to win-win.
  Just make the decision, and I thank you, to go to infowarshaw.com and get products you need.
  Take Vitamin Mineral Fusion.
  More of this is not coming in until February at the earliest.
  It's all the best vitamins, all the key minerals, all the key amino acids, everything you need in one scoop, put it in the water, put it in the refrigerator, drink it in the morning, night, whatever, tastes great, and it's everything you need.
  So many problems.
  Most of the problems are a deficiency or one or the other.
  This is what you need.
   Despite the fact it's going to sell out in the next couple weeks, maybe even sooner, 50% off, I want you to have it, and I want to incentivize those of you on the fence to become InfoWars customers at InfoWarsStore.com.
  Sign up for AutoShip, and they hold one back for you, and you get double Patreon points, as well as 10% off on the next order.
  Now people are really excited about this.
  This is pulling us out of the red into the black here very soon.
  So thank all of you.
  Remember how great the Red Pill Plus is?
  I don't have 10 minutes for everything that's in it.
  But that's preglanone, the precursor that your body produces naturally that helps your body, you've got to have it, create all your other hormones.
  So stamina, libido, energy, so many people are missing preglanone, especially those 40 or older.
  It has a good dose with the highest quality preglanone in it, and then it's got all these other key trace elements in it that so many people are missing that work as co-factors with regular minerals and vitamins.
  And then it's got a bunch of other things.
  It would take five minutes to read all the ingredients.
  This is really a game changer.
  Real Red Pill Plus.
  Back in stock after two years being sold out because of supply chain breakdowns.
  It is.
  50% off at InfoWarsStore.com.
  Then there's the new InfoWars MD line.
  We can only discount 25% off because there's not much markup in it.
  These are clones of already best-selling products around the country from a top supplement maker that's listeners that are letting us private label it, put our name on it, and they ship it out of their facility.
  So you get it even quicker and they're not shipping it to us and having to add that cost in.
   That's how we're able to do free shipping again at InfoWarsStore.com on orders of $80 or more.
  The regular shipping cost has been cut in half.
  So a lot of big changes, a lot of innovations at InfoWarsStore.com.
   Like the Tumeric 95, it's the same formula as bodies, just a little bit lower price.
  Tumeric 95, InfoWarsStore.com, Nitric Boost.
   Everybody should be taking it for your heart and lungs, cardiovascular.
   They're about to sell out of the super high-quality CBD at about half the price.
   Other great CBDs that are amazing for pain and joint pain and more.
  We've got all that.
  InfoWarsStore.com.
   Check out the InfoWars MD line and a whole other pharmaceutical maker that also makes
  top-line supplements.
  It has three number one bestsellers.
  I said, what are your bestsellers?
  They said, our top three are these, and you can private label them and sell them for up to 50% off.
  But they are sold in stores under the InfoWars Platinum name.
  1776 Testosterone Boost is the name I gave.
  The already number one best-selling testosterone booster in the country.
  Private labeled.
  HGH Max Boost and Pain MD.
  All 50% off out of the gates.
  InfoWars Platinum Brand at InfoWarsStore.com or 888-253-3139.
  
  Ho! Merry Christmas!
  
  
  Merry Christmas!
  1776, who commits again to try to take our firearms?
  If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance.
  It's Alex Jones.
  Fight!
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones.
  Samantha Savage and Cole Reeves.
  
  Our little baby Will's parents.
  And there's a lot of background here that I want to get into about your career and what you've witnessed, Samantha.
  Let's let you see what's going on.
  I see the reports that are even in major studies now that breastfeeding women that have taken the shot, the babies are getting really sick from the spike protein.
  This is not debatable now that it's infected the blood supply, that it keeps replicating in the bodies.
   This is a very legitimate concern with the horrible history Not just here in the US, but New Zealand, particularly with the Bayer scandal was one of the worst hit along with France.
  It's just outrageous.
  They're doing this and Cole Reeves.
  I want you to be able to just to get out all the incredible points here that the world needs to know and the timeline here of them trying to force this blood product on the baby.
  Yeah, thanks Alex.
  Will we?
  We, you know, have been in and out of the system for a little while now and, you know, just, you know, with the baby's condition and we, there was a procedure that was performed and I won't go into what, you know, any of that because it didn't work.
   And so right there and then we just said, no, we, you know, we have to supply the very best for our child that we can possibly supply, which is, you know, we know that this next procedure that they told us about is going to need to have You know, blood products.
  And so, you know, we're onto it, people.
  And we decided to, you know, find a way.
  And I mean, it seemed simple to begin with.
  Find a way to get blood, you know, donated by our donors that we all found.
  We found donors.
  Sam did.
  Sam found them.
  She's an incredible lady that's just, you know, over the top.
  Well, we found these donors.
   We thought that would be a really easy procedure because in the blood website it had we do direct donor blood services for you know if you need that and so we got the donors ready and then it seemed like it was the doctor can sign a piece of paper and You get the service.
  By the way, I didn't know this.
  I was going to ask you this question.
  I know a lot of people got concerned about tainted blood with all the problems of so many even famous people getting bad blood and dying of HIV or hepatitis or other things that a lot of people will go out and find friends or family that have the same blood type or a comparable donor and then they will give blood so you have fresh good blood for the procedure.
  You had that but still they said no.
  Wow.
  This is just raw power grab.
   Well it is, and it all boils down to Will can't have his parents make a decision for him, so the state has just said no, we're not going to even listen to you, we're not going to listen to your concerns, we're not going to do anything, we're going to just take control and we're going to We're going to force this product into this baby, and we're not even going to test for it because we don't think there's a problem.
  There is a clear problem here, and it's not just the blood.
  It's actually the state taking control of someone's human right, and it's the state taking control of, well, if they take control of this, what are they going to take control of next?
  And then we boil down to, hey, this is so big.
  It's posing so many questions but there's a, you know, it is, hey, so we've had to make the stand because there's hundreds of thousands of people in this country that didn't want to take the injection.
  There's millions around the world and, hey, all of those people right now are having to be forced, if they need a blood transfusion, they're going to have to be forced to take whatever blood there's, you know, put into them.
  That's right, there's already a huge global debate about the tainted blood supply and the Clintons being involved, knowing they were putting HIV in with a big company in Canada.
  It's just so sick.
  Samantha, I'm told that Will was not alone when you gave birth, that he's a twin who's fine.
  Thank God he doesn't have a heart issue.
  And that you're also a midwife, so you've seen a lot of this up front.
  Tell us about those experiences.
  Yeah, well, I mean, I was mandated.
   When that came in I was escorted out of the hospital I was working in by security through the mandate and I suppose our governing body as midwives has been very vocal on their opinions around the vaccination.
  And you know, they've tried to sort of keep a lot of midwives quiet.
  Wow, so they're kicking you out of your job.
  They're coming for your baby.
  I mean, this, just like, you know, just like Cole said, this is, there's not much more rights to take after this.
  Yeah, the hospital has and the government has railroaded us as parents.
  They've tried to silence the parental voice, which is all wrong.
  You know, we're loving parents and we've never once said we don't want the operation.
  We wanted it.
   We want it, you know, but we want it with the safest blood and that should be A human right, a basic human right, and it should be a basic human parental right, you know?
  Since when has the state had the authority to say that I will make those decisions for your baby?
  Well, you guys look great for being up in the middle of the night in New Zealand and having twins.
  We should all be praying for you as well.
  You know, God's the ultimate arbiter here in my view, but wow, just incredible.
  Yeah, well, you know, it is incredible, and like I said before, we're a little bit flabbergasted at the whole procedure.
  It's just completely possible to make this happen, and we just can't understand why they're not making it happen.
  So we've had meetings, and they just said, no, we can make it happen, but we're just not going to.
  There's no way we're going to do it for you.
   You know, in a decent society, Doesn't the entire society rally around to make, you know, things happen to make a baby well?
  That's what, you know.
  Well, they want to do horrible, out in the open, evil things.
  Just like China, to set the precedent for power.
  And if they own your children, they own your body, they can put tainted blood in you, I mean, what else is there?
  Like all the ancient, falling societies demanded human sacrifice.
  It's the same thing.
  They just want total control over our bodies.
   Yeah, well, it's, you know, So our stance is we're never going to be comfortable with this.
  Never be comfortable with medical experimentation on a kid with unknown substances.
  Wow.
  We've got about a minute and a half to break.
  We're going to come back with more and the journalists that helped you guys break this.
  But what is the timeline?
  Or you don't know.
  He obviously needs the surgery.
  They won't let you get a donor that's safe and healthy.
  What do you do?
  What's the timeline?
  Are they going to try to take him if you don't do it?
  Or what's going to happen?
  Yeah, so they're meant to be doing surgery probably on Friday.
  Today is Thursday, so tomorrow.
  Wow.
  And they've put security guards on the ward.
  They're telling me I'm not allowed to take him out.
  They said if I do, they will enforce police or Oranga Tamariki on me.
  So it's just disgusting, you know, trying to make us prisoners in a hospital.
  Yeah, so Sam is medically imprisoned right now and so is the baby, even though the court documents say otherwise.
  So they've come in last night and threatened us and we had to exit them from the room that we're imprisoned in.
  There's just lies surrounding the entire government case and only the truth surrounding our case.
  So you're basically locked up right now in the facility?
  Wow!
  Whoa!
  Okay, this just gets crazier by the minute.
  It just always gets worse, folks.
  It doesn't get better until it gets better.
  We'll be right back.
  InfoWars is known for delivering information that is hard-hitting and incredibly accurate, and that has been game-changing, not just here in America, but across the world.
  Well, it's the same thing when it comes to the products we promote at InfoWars4.com.
   And now, in the last year, we developed a relationship With a major pharmaceutical company owner, who also just so happens to be one of the top supplement makers, not just in America, but worldwide, to give us deals that nobody else has gotten.
  So you see these three products?
  They're private labels of already number one best-selling products in the U.S.
  and North American market.
  Already number one.
  All three of these products.
  They got a bunch of other products with a private label that are also all in the top ten or so.
  But these three are the top three products right now in these most important best-selling categories.
  Okay?
  And...
  By private labeling it, we're able to bring you a price that nobody else is offering.
  This is a complete and total absolute 360 win.
  So what are these products?
  Under other names, we won't mention, they're 40% more.
  1776 testosterone boost.
  Just go to infoworkstore.com and read about the ingredients and what's in this.
  I'm gonna tell you right now, I'd take half of it at first to make sure you can handle it or consult your medical provider because this stuff is next level.
  Now this you better really be careful with and consult your health care provider.
  This is natural.
  HGH Boost Max.
  Ladies and gentlemen, take it before you go to bed at night.
  What it does to your cells, your whole body is incredible.
  A lot of us are toxic, and if you are toxic, you're not going to want to get up the next morning.
  You're going to have the hardest sleep you've ever had.
  But what it does for your cells and your body is rejuvenating.
  Again, it's next level.
   But this one is Like getting kicked by a mule.
  I mean, this isn't a game.
  We're bringing you the fire-breathing dragon here.
  And then, of course, pain relief.
  PainMD, ladies and gentlemen, this is a clone from the top factory of the best-selling natural pain management system out there.
  It's next level.
  All of these products are 40% off at InfoWarshaw.com.
  This is sold for $87 in stores.
  This is sold for $100 in stores.
  They're all 40% off right now at Infowarshore.com.
  Nobody else has this deal.
  But I'm going to tell you, we've been making this deal for a year.
  We've been testing this out for six months.
   This stuff is so powerful that And it's legal, and it's a top-selling brand already, but let me tell you, this stuff is lightning in a bottle.
  This stuff is serious.
  So consult your healthcare provider before you take this, because it does incredible things.
  Get all three of these products at InfoWarsStore.com.
  Yes, the Pain MD is amazing.
  It's not the one I think you should really only take a quarter or half dose at first.
  This one right here, the HGH Max Boost and the 1776 Testosterone Boost.
  This you're going to feel within an hour of taking it.
  You take it at night before you're really ready to sleep deep.
  Okay?
  Because that's your cells rejuvenating and the reboot it does.
  This takes a couple days to kick in, but then it's incredible.
  I mean, with myself, it's next level.
  These are all great products.
  They fund the InfoWar and they're exclusively available at the big discounted price under the InfoWars Platinum brand at InfoWarStore.com or by calling toll-free 888-253-3139.
  A lot of other great supplements and product sales as well.
  Got free shipping back at InfoWarStore.com.
  Please check these products out and please support the InfoWar.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones.
  You are listening to an InfoWars.com Frontline Report.
  It's Alex Jones.
  So, Fauci, four years ago, in a big C-SPAN interview with a bunch of the different directors of federal agencies, bragged and said, we're going to, quote, blow up the old system, we're going to get rid of approved drugs and products, we're going to force through whatever we want, probably using a novel virus out of China, something like the bird flu.
  We played the clip many times.
  And now, concerted through the big corporations, telling the UN what to do, they are doing this worldwide, and the governments, run by these World Economic Forum stooges, particularly in the case of New Zealand, have had lockdowns only rivaled by Communist China.
  Decried by the West, but almost as bad.
  And Liz Gunn is a former well-known MSM journalist who is now on the right side of history, starting her own independent media out last year after she wrote a love letter to New Zealand as she watched Prime Minister destroy her country.
  She is now one of the leading voices speaking out against the tyrannical government in New Zealand, and was asked by a friend to help Cole and Sam with their baby Will's story.
  Free New Zealand along with Counterspin Media have collaborated to make this important story go global as not only is it about baby Will's life, but it also has implications for people all over the world.
  FreeNZ.org.
  We're going to go to her in a moment.
   But under Stalin's Russia, Under Hitler's Germany, if you study the history, they first came with euthanasia and forced medical actions, then they started euthanizing people forcibly, saying, oh, they wanted it, and they would come take your disabled child, and oh, they died at the hospital.
  And now in China and everywhere, oh, the men in white lab coats, they're really military, take you away.
  If any country tried this, there'd be an uprising worldwide.
  Not just in the country, but if it's medical, oh, it's medical.
  They admit it's about the Great Reset and total power and control.
  I wanted to go back and keep them through the rest of the hour, but then go to Liz to get her take on this in a moment.
  Samantha Savage and Cole Reeves, who I didn't realize, are locked up in the medical facility.
   with themselves and the other twin baby to Will, and they're forcing the procedure tomorrow
   and won't let them use their untainted blood donor, which is a very common practice around the Western world
   that people know that having heart surgery is dangerous 'cause you can get really bad stuff in the blood supply.
   And so you have friends or family that have a comparable type that'll work, do it.
   They said no, which just takes the level of this to a whole 'nother level of tyranny.
   So other comments you'd like to make before we bring Liz Gunn in here, Samantha and Cole.
   Yeah, we'd just like to say that We know that God is in charge of this.
  We're believers.
  We've got a great faith.
  And that is really one of the underpinning things as to why we are standing for this, because it's so much bigger than us.
  It's so much bigger than the baby.
  And God does not want this to be perpetrated on mankind.
  He doesn't want it to be perpetrated on the baby.
  So, you know, we give him all the credit, we give him all the honour, we seek nothing for ourselves, we just seek, you know, his right way for the baby.
  And, you know, so I'm a bit speechless still, but that's where we stand from.
  We stand from a godly point of view that this is not right in any degree that it's been, you know, played out.
  So yeah, our faith is what's holding us and keeping us strong and sustaining us and ultimately we know, yeah, that the judge has ruled that the hospital is in favour, you know, but ultimately we know that God is in control.
  That's right.
  Beautiful.
  And the good news is this.
  China's having to stop their lockdowns because the people hit the breaking point.
  They're backing down all over.
  They're going to try to come back.
  But it shows when we stand up, and you guys are at the very tip of the spear, we have victory.
  I just want to tell the listeners when they call and thank me on air, you thank me.
  No.
  We're all, I want to thank you.
  And I want to thank Liz Gunn, who we're about to bring on, because we're all in this together, and it's the listeners supporting this broadcast, and their word of mouth is just as important as anything we do.
  The only way this gets out is everybody having the courage to tell the truth and realize how important their voice is to circumvent the censors, the AI, and the tyranny.
  Your own evil Prime Minister that's under the control of Klaus Schwab, you know, has just been caught lying everywhere.
  Her numbers have plunged.
  Everyone's turning against her.
  And so we're really hitting that final point of their resistance.
  And you guys are going to take us over the top.
  And we pray for your son and you.
  Let's bring Liz Gunn in here of FreeNZ.org.
  Liz, thank you so much.
  I've already followed your work and seen a lot of your work previously being on with us.
  Congratulations on what you're doing for freedom.
  Give us your expert view on this.
  My expert view is this, Alex.
  God wins either way now.
  God absolutely wins.
  Because many, many Kiwis, thousands, I'd say millions, are waking up in horror and going, even those who've been asleep, who've been going along with the lies of this Prime Minister, who've been saying, she wouldn't hurt us.
  Oh, she was so lovely in the Christchurch.
  Oh, she was so trusted.
  She was a hero of the world.
  And people around the world who used to think, oh, you've got a great Prime Minister down there in New Zealand.
  Messages from all over saying, this is monstrous.
  Who is this monster running your country?
  How could she stay silent through all of this?
  Not one word.
  While this little baby, this beautiful little boy who remember there was one other baby, Alex, who was born at Christmas time, who changed the world.
  Is this another one of those?
  And Will and Sam.
  Baby Will is just such a beautiful, beautiful creature, but Cole and Sam would never make any claim beyond the fact that he's a very sacred little human baby.
  But there is something about the energy of this baby that has God's might within him, around him, and reaching out from him into the hearts of many New Zealanders.
  God wins either way.
  And I'll tell you the other side of that, Alex.
  The government loses.
  They've won the case and they lose.
  Why?
  Because there's no trust for them.
  There's no respect for them.
  There's no love.
  The only thing they're left with is bullying and conniving.
  Yesterday morning I was in and Sam was being pursued by two big burly security guys.
  She needed to go.
  She said to me, I needed to go for a walk, meditate, pray with God, ask for guidance.
  I needed time out.
  And I went up to the head nurse and I questioned her.
  I'm a journalist.
  I'm trained in law, so I'm good at questioning, but I'm also extremely smart and I was calm.
  I was clear.
  I was directed in my questions, but I wasn't intimidated and they didn't like it.
  And so what they did was trump up a charge that I had intimidated them.
  I think that was what it was.
  Came into the room.
   At one point, there were up to 17, I think about nine big, burly henchmen and a whole lot of Supposedly senior nurses and things, one of whom wouldn't even look at Sam.
  And I kept saying, she is the mother here.
  Your job is to make this a safe place.
  This is not a safe environment for this mother who is still feeding her babies.
  She won't have the milk if you don't look after her.
  Stop stressing her.
  Get out of this room.
  Well, they marched me out of that hospital because I stuck up for a mother, because I questioned why they're putting henchmen to follow her, intimidate her.
  She will never be broken, but we are so extraordinarily lucky in New Zealand that we had people of this quality, of this calibre, of Cole and Sam, to stand up for their baby.
  Because I think most other parents would have been broken by the psychological gains that have clearly come from higher-ups.
  And we know that this Prime Minister is capable of the most inordinate cruelty.
  Interestingly, Alex, all over our FreeNZ pages last night were trolls.
  And we know they're government trolls because they're sort of bots.
  They've got to look.
  The pages don't have friends.
  They don't have comments.
  But they just put up these cruel, cruel comments and laughter emojis on a night that for most Kiwis has been a night of grave grieving.
  Grieving for the country that we all long for, that we all feel Baby Will is calling us back to.
  There were candlelight vigils before the hearing in court.
  I'm just shocked at the judges' decision.
  There was an admission.
  I'll tell you this, Alex, this was incredible.
   All the time that I've been engaged with them, right up to the night before that hearing, The doctors in the hospital and the head of NZ Blood Service were arrogantly dismissing the concerns of this well-researched couple, saying, oh, the blood's all the same.
  What are you talking about?
  On the night before the hearing in court, a pile of affidavits were delivered to the lawyers for Sam and Cole.
   And those affidavits were admitting That the blood service knows at least this.
  Hold on, stay there, we gotta go to break.
  What I would do as president is several more things because things have changed.
  I would in fact make sure that there is, we immediately surge to the border.
  All those people are seeking asylum.
  They deserve to be heard.
  That's who we are.
  We're a nation that says if you want to flee and you're fleeing oppression, you should come.
  We don't have borders.
  We don't have language.
  We don't have culture.
  We're a tower of babble that will fall.
  That is the famed Rio Grande River right there.
  This man said, surge the border.
  This man now has said, good job, you've got courage doing this.
  This is ten times the surge that they've ever seen!
  Ten times what it was under Obama!
  And now it's gonna get ten times worse, and ten times worse after that!
  The border is completely gone!
  Shocking footage of just a massive, massive caravan.
  They estimated more than 10,000 people.
  Hours after hour after hour after hour after hour.
  24-7 flooding into Texas.
  Complete human exploitation on a grand scale.
  You're about to run a human being over.
  This is the massive smuggling.
  This is literally human smuggling.
  All of this is a giant criminal fraud.
   citizen arrested for what you're doing. Shame on you aiding and abetting child trafficking.
   All these people are signed on to criminal activity, the smuggling of children illegally,
   massively expanding this facility, part of the United Nations program to collapse our
   border. They come across, they walk through the gate, they get picked up by border patrol
   on a bus, they get taken to a facility, then they take them and put them into these Democrat
   facilities, Catholic Charities and others, and they come right back out and they're put
   on a plane or they're put on a bus or they're put on a train and just shipped anywhere in
   the US. But then all of us as citizens need to have COVID passports to travel and there's
  checkpoints and apps and all this crap. This is globalism.
  
  The products in front of me are so powerful.
  But I want to just say up front, consult your health care provider, read the literature, and be careful.
  Because the recommended dose on these, especially the HGH boost, especially the testosterone boost, is more than I can handle.
  And I've had a lot of friends and family take it as well.
  They've never had such results, but they're also like, man, you better tell folks to be careful with that, especially the HGH Boost.
  And what it does when you take it at night and you go to sleep, the deep sleep, and what it does to your cells, now it reboots your body.
  So InfoWars Platinum is exclusive private label at 40% off what it is in stores of three already bestsellers at InfoWarsStore.com.
   And I want to encourage all of you To check these out and try for yourself.
  And it works great for women as well, but these two formulas are tailored to women.
  The HGH Boost and the 70-76 testosterone boost.
  And of course, the PainMD is for everybody.
  They are really amazing.
  We're very, very proud of them.
  And I want to encourage you all to go to InfoWarshaw.com and experience the powerful compounds that God has given us in the environment.
   to be able to counteract all the different things they're bombarding us with
   that really try to separate us from the bodies and the chemicals and the natural things that
   God gave us. This stuff is the cavalry when it comes to countering the new world order.
  "Biological attack is imminent. Imminent."
  Imminent!
  It's going to happen.
  It's not a question of will it happen, but when it happens.
  A bioweapon release could be the thing they'd release to bring in a world government to counter a global problem, and the UN has said that a global pandemic is the only thing that may save their world government.
   This is a biological warfare agent that had leaked out of the Wuhan laboratory.
   Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order is...
  It's Alex Jones.
  
  I'm a friend of thunder.
  Friend, is it any wonder lightning strikes me?
  Thank you for joining us.
  Samantha Savage and Cole Reeves have twins.
  Saybabywill.com is the baby that the mother discovered had a heart problem, not the medical system, of course.
  And then they said, oh, we're going to give them the titanium blood.
  She said, well, I'll get a donor.
  I'll get people that haven't done it.
  They said, no, we're doing it.
  So they sent in dozens of police.
  They've got them locked up.
  They're going to do the surgery tomorrow.
  Now, this is a raping of this child.
  This is a biological rape.
  This is medical experimentation, and they just want to normalize all this, but it's not going to be normalized.
  We should all be praying for little baby Will right now.
  Liz Gunn, you got caught up on the break.
  You were getting into the stack of affidavits that came in just recently with people.
  I mean, it's a well-known scandal everywhere, how tainted the blood supply is, much less the huge scandal of the blood crisis in Europe, in Australia, in New Zealand, in the U.S.
   and Canada, of people not wanting To take blood from people who have been given an experimental mRNA shot, they admit, continues to grow prions or protein crystals associated with spongiform encephalopathy type disorders, not just myocarditis.
  It's shocking and we will really need to focus the lens on New Zealand Blood.
  It's called NZ Blood.
  If anybody from anywhere in the world wants to write a protest letter, look up NZ Blood and write a letter of extreme protest because it was their lawyer in the hearing that absolutely blocked this.
  He said, look, even if the judgment or the decision goes the way of this family, NZ Blood will not help them.
  Get the unjabbed blood.
  That was in effect what this lawyer said.
  It was a very dark last part of that hearing.
  That's not how they get the people that haven't taken the poison shot.
  But you got interrupted by the satellite break.
  Their hard breaks were on over 400 stations.
  I hate to go to those, but they're hard breaks.
  You were talking about those affidavits.
  The affidavits.
   They came in and in those affidavits, finally, NZ Blood admitted after denying and denying to the face of this family into their face that there was any problem. They admitted
   that they knew that mRNA remnants remain in blood for 14 days, up to 14 days. That's what
   they admitted. So they have been giving New Zealanders blood that has remnants of mRNA, not
   pure blood, and they were maintaining this blood was absolutely the same as the blood of unjabbed
   people. And of course they released that to cover their butt because later as long as they
  admit it, they think they're covered.
   Of course the real studies show in everyone it continues to replicate. So it doesn't just last
   14 days. Absolutely. And they would have perjured themselves, Alex. You know, it's, it's,
  It is just shocking what we've seen.
  We've seen Sam locked down.
  We've seen her bullied constantly.
  We've seen her asked to go to meetings late at night when she's breastfeeding the children when she needs to be looked after.
  And now we're seeing this baby taken from.
  And for anybody who thinks it's just this, it's not.
  As you said earlier, it always goes one step further.
  How far are we now from the state being able to say, oh, we want this newborn baby to have three injections immediately.
  And we deem that's the best thing.
  And we've got brought up doctors, we've got whatever else we need to say that's the right thing.
  So now you parents have no right.
  So every single parent anywhere in the world or planned to be parent or grandparent, or should I say human, needs to be horrified at what Jacinda Ardern's government has done here in this decision.
   Because ultimately, This lies at the feet of the person leading the country with one stroke of a pen.
  She could say, no, we override this.
  It is not just.
  It's not.
  It makes no scientific sense because of what they admitted to in court, that there's product in the blood.
  So I am going to step in as this heroic prime minister.
  I love to be seen like that overseas.
  I'm going to step in and finally do something that does not brutalize my people.
  But she's a slave of the globalists, and Klaus Schwab, she can't do it.
  We have the parents, Samantha Savage and Cole Reeves here, SaveBabyWill.com, but they're tough, so I'm going to go ahead and just say this, and I'm a parent of four, and I can't even, I totally empathetically feel like it's my baby too, so it tears my guts out.
  But you use the Christ example, them coming after our children.
  Is that innocence under attack?
  God forbid, and it's not going to happen, we're praying to God, but if this was a Christ-like moment, God forbid the baby does get sick from the blood, they'll try to cover that up, or God forbid something else happens to the baby, it'll be their waterloo.
  So they're really rolling the dice right here with this archetypal Christ figure.
  Yeah, well that's right.
  They're stepping over the line that can't really be stepped over.
  Elaborate on that call on Samantha.
  What's happening here is just the beginning of an authoritarian takeover and it's coming for all of us if we don't do what Sam and I have undertaken.
  We've realised really quickly that we're standing for every person that wants their own human right and their own decisions for their own family.
  And everybody that might need a blood transfusion, they don't have any choice.
  They're getting what they're going to give them.
  And that's not right.
  These people have made an informed consent to not have an injection, which is totally their right.
  You cut yourself and you don't have any rights.
  You're just going to get pumped full of whatever they deem is safe for you, where it's been proven clearly that it's not safe.
  And you're speaking detained with your wife and children in this medical facility, now being converted to a Nuremberg violating angel of death operation.
  I'm sorry, that's what this is.
  Yeah.
  We just ask that, you know, everyone just speak up.
  Speak up.
  Stand tall with us.
  We want to thank you for all the New Zealanders that are standing with us.
  Liz and Sue, our lawyer, everybody that's involved in this, Counterspin, all the people that have given hours and hours of their time.
  We're just asking, please continue because the fight's not over.
  We're still standing.
  We're still fighting for our baby.
  You know, unfortunately, we seem to be on the front line this right minute.
  You know, hey, we'd all rather be somewhere else and doing something else and just on the farm.
  But it's just so, it's so wrong.
  We've got to continue standing right to, you know, well, we've got to continue standing right to our last breath now.
  They've decided it's going to be that way.
  They could have decided to make it go away and sign some papers and it would have gone away.
  But no, they're challenging good people.
  They're coming against God and God's will.
  So, and they're coming against Will.
  You know, that's our baby's name.
  Our baby's name's Will, and he's really important.
   And you know, God's using this child to awaken the world that there's a big problem with blood, and we need to have Just blood products available that we're all comfortable with and if people are comfortable with New Zealand's blood service, that's fine, they can have that but we're having our rights taken away and we're also having massive deletions from the blood bank's websites that they offered the service but now they don't because we want something that's so controversial and hey, at the end of the day, the question is, well,
  You know, if we give these people this, then it poses the question in six billion people's mind, what's going on inside me.
  And in the free market, everyone will reject their tainted blood, and then that's game over for them.
  Exactly.
  You're the first domino to fall.
  That's why this is so incredibly important.
  Liz Gunn, comments on that?
  Yeah, if the decision had gone the right way, people would have said, wait a minute, does that mean there's a difference between the bloods?
  Does that mean something was put in my body that is still in the blood system?
  Does that mean the Prime Minister lied to me about it being safe and effective, which she said over and over?
  And then all the cards would have fallen down.
  I'm particularly worried.
  Somebody sent me last night something about the judge that he rolled out from Bell Gully, a law firm in Auckland.
  He rolled out the government's climate change.
  He was in charge of that climate change policy rollout and stepped down from there to become a judge.
  Now, I just leave that there as a fact.
   I need to investigate that more, but certainly we'll be looking at New Zealand's blood service If we have anybody overseas who can reach out with brilliant ideas, the trouble with this decision is if we go back for an appeal, the actual appeal has to go before the same judge.
   It's the way This was an interim hearing on this application.
  It wasn't a full trial.
  And we thought of going to a full trial and the delays and the stresses that they're putting this family under made me feel that the one option we have is for millions from around the world to contact Jacinda Ardern's office in Wellington.
  And say, we see you.
  She doesn't like being seen beyond our shores for the cruelty she does.
  We see you.
  We do not agree with your decision.
  You must let this family have the unjammed blood for their baby Will.
  That's right.
  Will is the example of us all controlling our own bodies and our own futures.
  And you're absolutely right.
  Do five more minutes with us.
  This is so important.
  Savebabywill.com.
  We're going to break for two minutes.
  But ladies and gentlemen, this is just pure tyranny.
  And they want to just condition us to accept this.
  We're not accepting this.
  We're not going quietly into the night.
  It's not happening.
  And she's scared.
  Her numbers are plunging.
  All of these criminals are in trouble.
  Fauci's going to get arrested.
  There's criminal investigations in Florida.
  We've only begun to fight.
  Adrian in Pennsylvania, welcome.
  Oh, hey, this is awesome.
  I want to thank you for the Real Rep Tilt Plus coming back in, because for two years, my mom has not stopped talking about, is it going to get it back in?
  Is it going to come back in?
  I even looked at the bottle for the formulation to see if I can match it with the Aaron Beer to get some other stuff, but there's just too much going on in there.
  Well, describe for us what it did for your mother, because it really helps old folks.
  Well, my mom has a lot of health problems.
  She's been on disability for years, since she was probably about 12.
  I'm 40 now.
  And between that, the turmeric, the X2, she feels amazing.
  The only thing that she would want me to ask is, when's the down and out coming back?
  Well, that's our problem.
  We haven't had enough money to order all the products we used to have, and that's why we're in a catch-22.
  That's why I may need to just do our fundraiser to try to get like $400,000 or $500,000 to then buy a product, and then we can sell it and make a profit.
  And it's kind of a self-fulfilling deal.
  That's how that works.
   It's kind of like a farmer We'll have