Is the pandemic over?
  The pandemic is over.
  We still have a problem with COVID.
  We're still doing a lot of work on it.
  But the pandemic is over.
  So Joe Biden says the pandemic is over.
  So why are we still promoting these vaccines that only have emergency use authorization and haven't even been tested on humans?
  Well, that doesn't make sense.
  It doesn't have to!
  You're in the clown world, run by Biden and Jean-Pierre and Kamala Harris and Democrats.
  You know, where men can get pregnant and men are women.
  It's the clown world.
  We're just living in it.
  But that's not the only lies Joe Biden was telling on his 60 Minutes interview.
  Oh, the pandemic is over now.
  Now it's been over, Jack.
  patriots worldwide in defense of human liberty.
  It's Alex Jones.
  
   InfoWars Tomorrow's News Today.
  
   The folks down in Louisiana and Mississippi like to eat their crawdads and their bullfrogs.
  And the rest of it is...
  And well, sometimes they just throw the whole frog in the boiling pot.
  But they learned that if you throw one into boiling water, he'll just jump right out.
  He just turned the heat up slow.
  He thinks it's a hot tub at first, and then passes out and dies a painless death.
  And that's where America and the world is right now.
  We're in the middle of the New World Order, Great Reset, takedown of civilization.
  The world is not driven forward by big, kind decisions.
   The world is driven forward by small action, but If you're left behind, you're facing something far worse, which is to be completely irrelevant.
   risk-takeover to force us onto the AI global social credit score cashless
   society system. If you're left behind you're facing something far worse which
   is to be completely irrelevant. They won't even need you as a serf or as a
   slave. Adding to the body a second immune system which is not organic but an
   inorganic immune system made up of millions of tiny nano robots
   inside your body. What I learned from a source who is a very unique source
   are adding to the body a second immune system, which is not organic, but an inorganic immune system
  made up of millions of tiny nanorobots inside your body.
   What I learned from a source, who is a very unique source,
   having infiltrated the globalist cult at the UN level, is that he was in high-level meetings
   that required a number of security clearances, where they actually discussed the plan
   to bring 100 million people into the United States in order to pave the way for a regional government
  of US, Canada, and Mexico.
   And that was to bring in 100 million people from Latin American countries,
   together with a strategy of creating these cartels, making life unbearable.
   It's called a push-pull strategy, where they push all these people out of these countries,
   where it's unbearable living like this, and they pull them into the United States.
   And then once you reach that critical number of over 100 million in this invasion, They will then propose that, well, for your family and friends back home who need, you know, you need ease of travel, they need a better life, and so on and so on, and we can do all this better with a regional government than we can with a U.S.
  government.
   and they will have enough critical mass inside the country in order to effect that policy.
  That's the globalist plan that we're working towards.
   Now being aware of this is the key to winning and whether you're in Sweden or whether you're in
   Italy or whether you're in Canada, it's spreading all over the planet. So the globalists are in
   trouble and this fight is literally in a tie position right now. If you think collapsing
   borders is bad, if you think all the terrible things in wars and police
   state political purges and censorship and cashless societies and gun purchases being
   tracked by the credit card companies illegally and putting you in a database.
  If you think that's bad, you ain't seen nothing yet.
   Last night I talked about my involvement in the development of a little microchip implant.
  And many people have already taken that microchip implant.
  The news media has talked about it being a good thing.
  And they will tell you that it's a good thing to have this.
  Your children won't ever get lost again.
  They won't be able to give you the wrong medication.
  You won't be able to lose this thing.
  And so the plan is underway that you will receive it.
  I would be remiss if I came to you and didn't tell you that God's word says, don't you take it.
  What matters for our children is we win this fight.
  What happens to us doesn't matter.
  And in that challenge, in that conflict, we will find the road to God.
  You've got to have the will.
  Step the truth and buck the system and the group collective.
  Do that, and you'll earn your way to the next level.
  This is the InfoWar.
  
   And as always, an honor and pleasure to be here with you, hosting the Alex Jones Show on this Monday, September 19th,
  2022.
  Now, we've got a loaded news day coming up, as I'll be with you here through 6 p.m.
  Central, fulfilling my normal war room host duties, but tons of news to get to here on the Jones Show.
   Plus, we've got stuff from Alex lined up, including Something that for me was, I don't really know what the analogy would be, but it was a relief, I think it was a sign of where the populist movement was going, and I think it shows that unity in the populism movement, in the pro-America movement, in the free speech movement, in the conservative movement,
  It encompasses all of that, this populist movement.
  That unity moving forward is going to be the key.
  And that doesn't mean we all have to sing and dance the exact same.
  That doesn't mean we all have to have the exact same vision for the future or how we're going to get there.
  But putting aside our differences, putting aside the division that the media wants us to remain in, is going to be key.
   And I don't want to make a Big issue of the past, but it's pretty well known that Alex Jones is considered a controversial figure and people don't want to invite him onto their shows or they're afraid they're going to get censored.
  They're afraid the mainstream media is going to attack them if they share Alex Jones videos.
  But what's happening?
  Kyrie Irving shares an Alex Jones video that goes totally viral.
  What does the media do?
  They attack him.
  They say how bad he is for doing it.
  That shouldn't be a sign for Kyrie Irving not to share an Alex Jones video.
  That should be a sign to share another Alex Jones video when the corrupt establishment is coming after you.
   So when I walked in the studio last night, because I knew we were going to play this video today, of Alex Jones getting a round of applause, a standing ovation at a Turning Point USA event, It was, it was such a relief, it brought such a relief, a wave of relief, because, you know, you can sit here and point out Alex Jones's flaws, or you can sit here and point out Alex Jones's prophecy, but that man deserves to be speaking at an event called Defeating the Great Reset.
  He's been fighting the Great Reset for three decades.
  And finally, it's nice to see what we would normally consider the conservative establishment or conservative Inc.
  recognizing Alex Jones.
  For calling out the Great Reset ahead of its arrival and talking about how to battle it and now it's gone into the hearts and minds of all Americans.
  So, here is Alex Jones at the Turning Point USA event.
  Just happened on Saturday.
  He's introduced to the crowd and we will play the full speech for you now here on the Alex Jones Show.
  Since we're doing the remote guest, while we're talking, I just want to make sure our guest can hear everything we're saying and all that.
  So, I was told by everybody, it's not the President Trump, but it is going to make you guys, wait till you see this, alright?
  In fact, this man is more hated by the media than Donald Trump, and that says something, okay?
   Which is, so, If you're gonna talk about the Great Reset, then you have to have someone who's the most banned man in America.
  Alex Jones joins us.
  
  To Alex-- whoa! Alex--
  Alex, welcome remotely.
  I was told by all the people like, oh, you can't have Alex at your event, which makes me just want to have Alex even more.
  Alex, you wrote a book on the Great Reset.
  What is the Great Reset?
  Why did you write the book?
  Well, I saw Steve Bannon yesterday and he's absolutely right, and I love the title and the hashtag, Defeat the Great Reset.
  The Great Reset is what Ronald Reagan, when he was first running for office in 1979, spoke about.
  Nobody really talks about these speeches, but I've seen at least 10 of them, where he's talking about the New World Order and the globalists and how multinational corporations want to use a form of corporate communism to control everybody.
   And so I didn't discover all this, I grew up With my father in Dallas, where I grew up, taking me to see speeches by candidate and then President Ronald Reagan.
  And so Ronald Reagan, the first few years of his administration, really got into this big central topic.
  There's not just communism we're worried about, not just China and Russia.
  Not just radical Islam, but really powerful corporations that are authoritarian and want to take over our nation that are really anti-free market.
   So the Great Reset is the Bilderberg Group, UN corporate And a month ago they were given official U.N.
  advisory status or on par with the Secretary General that the U.N.
  signed a treaty with the World Economic Forum and Klaus Schwab who is announcing world government, announcing global IDs, announcing carbon taxes, announcing social credit scores, announcing carbon lockdowns, announcing everything.
  So folks who really love the book, it's been an off and on number one bestseller for the last two weeks.
  And people ask, how did you write this book?
  It's so powerful.
  This thing was about 800 pages long, and then Tony Lyons at Skyhorse and his crew did a great job cutting it down to 300 pages.
  This thing could have been, again, 1,000 pages long.
  It's mainly their quotes, bibliography, showing where they said it.
  People read this, and they say, is this believable?
  Then you go to the back, it shows the YouTube links or the World Economic Forum links where they are admitting it.
   So Hitler, in the late 1920s, Well, Klaus Schwab has written a bunch of books that are basically his Mein Kampf, and this is a condensed breakdown of their own words and the blueprint of their global takeover plan, and how they plan to turn the world energy off, implode the third world, flood the first world, replace it with migration.
  This is the Death Star plans.
   And so what's great is, I was talking about the Great Reset many, many years ago and how they were going to trigger this big event to force us into a worldwide economic collapse and a social credit score and a universal basic income that controls every facet of our lives, which is now being rolled out.
  And people really didn't listen back then.
  But now they're listening because we're living in this operation.
  And so that's why the Great Reset and the War of the World is so important.
  We will beat them if mainline populist politics, which is the Republican Party now, we're taking over thanks to you, Charlie, and that great crowd and so many others.
  Thanks to loyal Americans, we are winning this fight right now for the hearts and minds of the world.
  That's why the Deep State, not just here but around the world, is trying to silence people, trying to surveil people.
  It just came out, as you know, yesterday.
  In federally released documents that not only is Facebook and other big tech companies taking direct orders from previously Obama, and then now under the third administration of Obama, Biden, but they are specifically spying on prominent conservatives' private texts and delivering, without warrants, files on a minute-to-minute basis of everything we're saying and doing.
  And so it's far beyond censorship.
  It is total illegal criminal surveillance.
  They're going for broke.
  And just last Thursday in Senate hearings, the spokesperson, the corporate rep of Facebook admitted to all of this and just threw down the gauntlet.
  So the battle's joined, but I am extremely honored to literally be here with the leader of the pack, Charlie Kirk, and the great Turning Point USA.
  I mean, your buzz has been giant for six years.
  And I'm telling you, everywhere there's victory, everywhere people are awakening, everywhere young people are being energized and others, it's Charlie Kirk at Turning Point USA and what you're doing.
   So I am very honored to be here and I salute you in the fight for Western civilization
   and the future of our world and in the battle to defeat the Great Reset.
  We see rolling blackouts across Europe.
  Can you talk about the role that energy plays in the Great Reset?
  This is a topic we haven't touched on very much in our conference here.
  What does the Green New Deal, all this environmentalism, environmental fascism, have to do with the Great Reset?
  Can you help connect the dots for our audience here?
   If energy was a chess piece, In the globalist game plan on the board, it's the Queen.
  And for those who don't know about chess, the queen is the most powerful, powerful piece.
  She can go any direction she wants, do whatever she wants.
  So, control of energy in their takeover plan isn't a pawn, it's not a rook, it's not a bishop, it's not a knight, it's not a king, it is the queen.
  And it is absolutely the most powerful piece and they admit that.
  If you control energy, you control populations, you can bring them to their knees and make them capitulate with a social credit score, universal basic income, everything they're doing.
  And so, yes, they're dissolving the borders and bringing in third world populations as a permanent underclass.
  Yes, they're attacking family values.
  Yes, they're funding our enemies.
  Yes, they're devaluing our currency.
  Yes, they are undermining our culture.
  And all those things are important, but the central piece is energy, and energy has two heads.
  Energy for electricity and cars and in factories and society.
  So energy for machines and then energy for humans.
  So we think as they cut off the pipelines and the Keystone and won't let us have new drilling permits in the US or Gulf of Mexico or Alaska.
  All the great things Trump did within just four short years took us from the number three energy producer, the number one energy producer and a boom economy.
  By simple executive orders that Biden signed his second day in office, he turned off thousands of sub-pipelines, tens of thousands of pipeline spurs, killed more than 20,000 new pipeline spur permits.
  Even when they get the natural gas or oil, they can't get it to the central refining areas or to the trucks.
  Now, that sounds important, and we'll go more into actual energy for the internal combustion engine, for power plants, and things like that, but it's still not the most important head.
  It's the little head.
  The most important energy is for us, seven and a half billion of us, and it's called food.
  And their war on food is specific and direct.
  In more than 100 countries, like Sri Lanka and the Netherlands, they're announcing the shutdown of almost all farming, any nitrogen-based fertilizer that's totally healthy and good.
  They've already announced within six years they're going to ban 80% of cows, this year 30% in the Netherlands.
  That's why Klaus Schwab says, you will have no beef, you'll own nothing, you'll like it, you're gonna eat the bugs, is because they are literally listing, not just carbon dioxide, a life-giving gas, the key fourth part of the carbon cycle, sunlight, water, oxygen, carbon dioxide, half-dead or for life.
  But they're now targeting methane that bovine burp and also pass through the rear end.
  And so this is happening.
  This isn't coming.
  Their revolution is now a revolution against prosperity, a revolution against humans, a transhumanist agenda.
  And so we've got to point out that the mass starvation of the third world, not from COVID-19, but from two plus years of IMF World Bank imposed lockdowns, whereas we had six months of lockdowns, whereas Australia had a year and a half.
  Some parts of Africa and Latin America just went out of lockdown the last six months.
  So they are collapsing.
  I've had national surveys and international surveys.
  90% of the illegal alien migrants coming here, who I don't blame, some of them are criminals and we need to stop them.
  90% say, or 93% depending on the poll, I'm starving.
  The farm I worked on is closed, or the factory I work at is closed, I have no food.
   And so they deliberately turn off the food, turn off the energy, the third world collapses, then it floods us, the western lifeboats, the first world nations, we then sink, and the globalists organize after the Great Reset, With their Build Back Better, which is the authoritarian technocracy transhumanist system, they want to build on the rubble of our great Renaissance, truly classical liberal civilization.
  And so, everything is energy.
  Energy for the combustion engine, energy for machines, and energy for humans.
  And they're coming directly at those two key sectors.
  So let's zero in on the food thing, Alex.
  In particular, they are fascinated with getting rid of meat.
  Talk more about that, but also talk about the other implications of getting rid of meat.
  Testosterone levels, maybe replacing it with this synthetic nonsense that Bill Gates just happens to also be an investor in, by the way.
  Super crony capitalist.
  Talk about why they're so incredibly focused on eradicating meat from our planet.
  What's going on with this?
  Well, if you go back to Genesis, anybody should go read it, written 3,000 plus years ago by amazing Jewish scribes, inspired by God.
  In the first chapter, they just keep talking about cows and meat all day long, and saying that's the real symbol of freedom.
  Now Moses said later, we're not going to worship the golden calf, that's idolatry, but they were worshipping a golden calf, they were worshipping a cow.
  And the cow is the perfect meat.
  The Native Americans knew it.
  Everybody knew it.
  You can mate a bison with a water buffalo from Africa or India or with a Holstein cow in France.
  So, meat, red meat they put out for 50 years is deadly and poisonous and horrible.
  There are now thousands of studies that it annihilates heart disease.
  It annihilates strokes.
  It's what our bodies are made of.
  We love red meat.
  More than anything, what we don't need is highly cooked, burned meat like bacon and things, and things that turn into trans fats, and artificial fats gum up our arteries and our veins.
  When people just eat a plant diet, they have lower IQs, they're not as healthy.
  When they don't eat meat as children, brain sizes and growth are up to a third smaller.
   So, I don't really buy their official evolution line, but even the evolutionary scientists will tell you, humans, they believe evolved and became powerful and smart and got big heads
  from eating lots of meat.
   It's as soon as humans started eating meat, even according to their theories,
  that we got advanced intelligences.
  So, I mean, it's simple.
   You didn't have the ancient Vikings taking over the world, sitting there, you know, just eating their Wheaties.
  Red meat is key.
   Fish is incredible, shrimp are incredible, krill is probably the best superfood on Earth,
  but not everybody lives by the ocean.
   But there's a reason the longest-lived cultures, like the Japanese, mainly eat seafood.
   So, in lieu of seafood, and most people can't afford it or get it, now I probably can't afford high-quality
  seafood every day, my God, the bills are incredible.
   My wife thought to eat seafood last week, it was like 150 bucks.
  The point is, but beef is still cheap.
   And whether you're in India or whether you're in the Netherlands, where they worship cows again in India,
   a sacred cow, because the milk or the cheese, everything it gives them.
  Everywhere they have the cow, we have a ranch, we've had those Mexican land grants in 1826, and we still have the land, we still have cows on it.
  Well, without the property tax exemption, or ag exemption, we couldn't pay for the couple thousand acres we still have left.
  And so, most of these family farms also have cows.
  And so, if you're not running a dairy, or you're not running beef cattle, you have no money to even pay the limited, reduced taxes you've got to pay.
  So, if you undermine beef, anybody that's been in an airplane, or flown cross-country in a helicopter, I don't care if you're in New Mexico, or New York, or Texas, cows are everywhere.
  And it's cows that are sustainable, renewable, delicious, and nutritious.
   And so, it's basically, if you want to starve people, The first thing you do is target beef, and then you undermine all the rest of the agricultural system.
  So Alex, that segues to a question that some people have, which is, I want to just be as precise and factual with this as possible.
  Is there an agenda by the World Economic Forum, Klaus Schwab or Bill Gates, to depopulate the Earth?
  What evidence do you have to show that and talk about the research you've done on that?
  I have so much evidence it gives me a headache.
  Anybody can see my seminal film that before Google took it off had over 80 million views.
  I put it out in 2017 and it's called Endgame Blueprint for Global Enslavement.
  And people are always re-uploading it.
  It's free to air.
  There's no trademark copyright on it.
  It belongs to you folks.
  That means use it.
  And it's a two and a half hour movie.
  And probably 30 minutes of it is just global leaders saying, we're going to take over the world, cut off the energy, shut down the family farms, and starve people down to 500 million.
  The same thing was on the Georgia Guidestones.
  Incredibly ambitious, genocidal goal.
  And it is just replete, and so is this book.
  Anybody can pull up Yuval Harari, who is the high priest of this globalist group, the WEF, that is just the mouthpiece of the globalists.
  Anybody can pull up Klaus Schwab, or anybody can type in, World Economic Forum calls for depopulation.
  They are specific.
  King Charles III, he was Prince Charles, you know, said he wants to depopulate the Earth.
  His father said he wants to come back, Prince Philip, in Reuters and in AFP, or the French News, and also in the Audubon Society said, I want to come back as a virus to kill 80% of the world population.
   So, Bill Gates' foundation.
  You can find these clips online.
  Until the late 90s, it wasn't called Bill & Mel Gates Foundation, it was called the Depopulation.
  Foundation.
  And so his father was the head of Planned Parenthood.
  So this has always been their agenda.
  This has always been their goal.
  They're not really bringing sustainable things to communities.
  I think we should industrialize the third world.
  I think we should have clean technologies.
  I think people should try to shoot for no more than three children.
  You want to have more?
  That's great.
   But we need, as all the scientists and demographers and historians and mathematicians and statisticians and Elon Musk have said, if you don't Have 2.2 children on average, every two adults don't have 2.2 children in the aggregate, you will have societal collapse.
  And so, England has a 1.4, the US a 1.7, Italy a 1.2, Japan a 1.2.
  The US at 1.7, Italy at 1.2, Japan at 1.2.
  That is total collapse level.
   And then I'm sorry, nothing against third world populations, it doesn't work.
  You bring them in as the quote replacement group, all you've done is created a permanent third world population.
  You don't collapse the first world to save the first world.
  So the centerpiece of the globalist agenda, cutting off energy to machines and energy to homo sapiens, is societal collapse.
   And then Klaus Schwab talks about the angrier world. And as things fall apart, as things
   disintegrate, as crime explodes, Abel then poses the saviors with a global socialist
   communist government directed by crony capitalist fascists who are exempt from
   their own rules, just like Martha's Vineyard, you know, threw out the illegal aliens in 24
   hours, but tells Texas towns that have millions coming in, you just need to pay for them.
  You know, poor Texas towns.
  And so everything they say for us, it's different from them, and it really is just a very evil, corrupt, selfish worldview, and folks don't have to be rocket scientists to understand.
   If somebody's trying to cut off all the major farms in the world that aren't corporate-owned, if somebody's trying to make you eat synthetic gruel. If somebody's trying to make you drink sewage
   water and saying you'll own nothing, you'll have nothing, you'll be happy.
   If somebody's saying the age of humans being here is over, the post-human age is
   here, that's in the Wall Street Journal, that's in the New York Times. This is
   a sick, disconnected elite that disdain us and project their own hatred of
   themselves onto us who have appointed themselves as God and they literally would
   make Hitler blush in how widespread and how wide-reaching their actual battle
  plan is.
  And what's insane, Charlie, is they're actually implementing it right now.
  We've left BETA in the New World Order, Agenda 21, George Herbert Walker Bush, 1992, Rio de Janeiro, everything they called for, by the year 2020, they did.
  They were a little bit behind but almost got there.
  Now they're accelerating into 2030.
  So don't believe me, they get up and say, great reset, build back better, agenda 2030, and go read the agenda 2030 plan.
  It is biomedical tyranny, forced inoculations, carbon rations, food rations, carbon lockdowns.
  And they said last year, we don't care if you don't like carbon lockdowns.
  We're not going to have to actually tell you can't drive your car.
  Or you can't go to the store, you won't have the money for the energy.
  But who does have the energy is the third world and authoritarian countries, the globalists, these big corporations control, these crony capitalists, these middlemen that Trump talked about that are destroying the middle class worldwide to consolidate power.
  China builds new coal power plants every week.
  India builds them every few weeks.
  Mexico builds them every few weeks.
  But we've had over a thousand shut down here.
   They could build Again, hundreds and hundreds of new coal power plants, and it wouldn't pay for 30% of the electric cars they claim they're going to put on the road.
  Scientists have broke it down.
  There's not enough rare earth minerals in the world to actually make half the cars in the world by 2030 go to battery-driven, even though they're toxic and don't work, and most of the energy that gets delivered to the batteries comes from a type of carbon.
  It's all a lie.
   They're telling us they're replacing The old, quote, dirty system was something new, but they are not replacing it.
  It isn't going to work.
  It's not designed to work.
  Spain, a decade ago, was the first country to implement the windmills and all this crap.
  And they are in a sustained depression now.
  So I want to plug Alex's book here.
  We have it, The Great Reset.
  If you guys don't have a copy yet, you guys can get it.
  So Alex, I want you to dive a little bit deeper into part of what you mentioned, which is immigration.
  So what role does foreign policy also play in this?
   For example, it seems as if the Davos crowd was very much behind Intervening in the Ukraine war.
  Getting behind Zelensky.
  This can be confusing for some people.
  Can you talk about how, you know, what happened in Ukraine was almost a proxy conflict in some sense.
  And not saying that in any way, shape or form, we're not denouncing what Vladimir Putin did when he invaded Ukraine.
  But why is it that all of a sudden there was tens of billions of dollars being spent from the West, nearly 70 or 80 billion dollars to Ukraine?
  How does that fit in the Great Reset?
  Well, absolutely, Charlie.
  I've never been to Russia.
  I'm not a Russophile.
  I know that Vladimir Putin is not a sweetie pie.
  Neither is Xi Jinping.
  That said, China has announced control of the whole South China Sea and is actually spying on us and infiltrating us and shipping fentanyl in.
  If Russia was doing any of that, I would be absolutely in Russia's face.
  The truth is, Russia is surrounded by the globalists and NATO.
  They overthrew the elected government eight years ago.
  I know guys that are my friends that have been over there the last eight years fighting and killing Russians in a proxy war with the US and NATO, and now that's official.
  And so they kept pushing the Russian border, they kept killing Russians in Russian...
  Areas that have been Russian since Russia was founded.
  Russia was founded in Ukraine a thousand years ago.
  Name basically translates to Slav, the Great.
  He was named Slav, so called himself Slavs.
  He was like an Orthodox Christian Bishop.
  And so, that's their birthplace.
  And so...
  If Russia had troops in northern Mexico, I would be saying, let's blow them up.
  I don't want war, but that would be provocation.
  This is a provocation.
  So you talk about foreign policy, foreign policy and immigration is everything.
  You have the IMF and World Bank saying, if you want these loans, you've got to not end your lockdown.
  And then when the lockdowns go on and on, people start starving to death and then the UN builds giant migrant processing centers where they put them on boats, airplanes, and buses.
  In some cases, they just walk across Central America.
  Southern North America, Mexico and into the US.
  And we've seen the numbers.
   I've talked to Border Patrol, but down there many times,
   just this year and last year, they estimate in Texas alone a month,
  over a million people they're not catching.
  So get that straight.
   I had Border Patrol tell me 12 million a year since Biden's got in.
  So that's 18, 19 million people so far to the Texas sector.
   And when they do catch them, they just send them on buses and dump them out
   wherever Democrats want and wherever they direct them around the country.
  So that is a direct effect of the globalist lockdown policy of the UN organizing those folks just like they brought in 15 million Muslims in the last decade.
  The same guy that ran the refugee resettlement program into Macedonia, into Greece, into Italy, into France, into Germany, into Spain.
   The same guy came and got the contract last year in Texas with these
   giant, there's more than 15, giant migrant centers on the border that hold more than 20,000
  people a piece.
  Football field after football field after football field.
   Of course, they don't want that in Martha's Vineyard, they want it here. Then they
   deploy those people, they get them a job, they make them pay part of the money back to Democratic
   Party front groups and foundations, and then they also put them on welfare and then make them
   give them, and these investigations have come out about half their paycheck.
  So these are slaves, refugees of globalism, refugees of the Great Reset, refugees of the COVID lockdowns, being brought into the U.S., brought into Europe.
  It's the same system in Europe, same system here.
   They're given a cell phone and they're given an ID system that is then skimmed It's like NGOs skim off the homeless groups.
  That's why they promote the homelessness, ship the fentanyl in, give them all the drugs, tell the police don't stop them.
   So it's a lifestyle choice to go take fentanyl or sit around drinking all day or taking heroin or whatever the drug is they're on because the left is siphoning off and skimming off the money off the top of that and farming illegal aliens Farming the child traffic slaves.
  Farming the human traffic.
  Farming the fentanyl hobos and drug addicts.
  This is the plan.
  Now moving back to Ukraine.
  I guess that was your central question.
  We know now it's almost 70 billion dollars since February.
  That's just six months, folks, that's been pumped into Ukraine and almost all of it gets siphoned back into Democrat Party coffers.
   And so we always hear about How money gets siphoned off to Israel.
  And a lot of the aid money that goes to Israel does end up going back to U.S.
  politicians.
  That's true.
  I'm pro-Israel, but that's a bad thing.
  I don't like R&A because it's corrupt, just like Rand Paul said.
  And we also see that happening in other countries.
  But if you compare the theft going on in Ukraine, never in U.S.
  history has there been this level of almost $70 billion as of a week ago.
  It was like $69 billion.
  I guess it was another billion.
  This was $70 billion now.
   $70 billion we know of Black holed into Ukraine and then it comes right back out and then all these videos come out of US troops with Texas and Georgian and Floridian accents literally removing mines
  Bringing troops in and slaughtering Russians, that is extremely dangerous.
  And if we're going to go to war with Russia, Biden should say, we're in a proxy war, U.S.
  troops are dying, this is going on.
  No, no, no.
  It was a big scandal when the general Russian public didn't know during the Afghan war, the 80s, that tens of thousands of Russians died.
  They tried to suppress that.
  Well, this is going on here today.
  There are a lot of U.S.
  troops.
  Being buried in very private ceremonies, and their widows and widowers are being told don't talk about it.
  So, we're in a war.
  A physical war with the Russians.
  And, again, the Russians have got their problems.
  It's the culture of the Ukrainian opposition from World War II, when Ukraine was occupied by the Nazis.
  If you weren't a collaborator, they killed you.
  So they adopted Nazism.
  And then persecuted the Slavic majority.
  Now, the Azog groups are the main people, and they hail Hitler, they do the fascist salute, and so all I'm saying is, we are really in a lot of trouble here.
  So Alex, shifting gears here, you know, the way that our own government talks about everybody in this room, they call them semi-fascists or domestic terrorists, it reminds me that back, you know, you were one of the few voices back in early 2000 that stood against the Patriot Act.
  And I'll be the first one to admit, I used to be in favor of all these silly programs.
  And I think some people in this room probably were as well.
  You know, Bush and everyone said everything's going to be fine, it's going to go after Al-Qaeda, go after the terrorists.
  But you said, hey, this is going to be used against Americans and against actual patriots.
  Going into 2008, 2009, 2010, Barack Obama played his hand a little bit.
  But Alex, it's very clear that our national security apparatus spends more time infiltrating political dissident groups that they disagree with on the American right.
  Alex, talk about what you saw with the Patriot Act back in 2001, 2002.
  Talk about how people then take you seriously at the time, but now it's a consensus view.
  Then finally, talk about how they're using Department of Justice, FBI, all these national security apparatus as an arm of the Democrat Party.
  Absolutely.
  This is a great reset discussion, but everything is a subset of that.
  So restrict the energy, food and energy for machines.
  Cut the energy off to humans and machines.
  But then let the authoritarian countries actually double and triple their profits like Russia's really doing.
  There's a larger global agenda above all this.
  And it's the same thing for the national security state.
  Nobody hates radical Islam and what I'd really call orthodox Islam more than me.
  Nobody hates Al Qaeda and those dirtbags more than me.
  Nobody's saying there isn't radical Islam and terror attacks and a terror threat.
  But you could look at how that legislation was written, what was put through in 2001, 2002, 2003, and from day one it was being used against the American people.
  Because it was written saying this could happen to U.S.
  citizens.
  Under military law and the laws of war, if somebody's a citizen, and they're overseas, or they're part of a terror group, or they're here with a terror group domestically, nobody's held back from taking them out or going after them.
  That's just not true.
  And so now, the Great Reset is incredibly important.
  And when I said the energy being cut off is central, that's central to their long-term goal.
  But in countries, the globalists don't fully control, like America.
   You can't have tyranny worldwide under the UN If you still have some free countries left.
  And so, folks, the UN really is taking over.
  Last Thursday, Facebook again testified in the Senate that they take orders not only from the Biden White House on what to censor, they send them a list of accounts every day and who to ban, but the UN also gives them orders.
   So we have this multinational, international, corporate front group, the UN, that has Openly come out, last June, through the Biden administration, they put out their new counter-terrorism U.S.
  government policy report.
  Nowhere was mentioned radical Islam.
  Nowhere was mentioned MS-13.
  Nowhere was mentioned human smuggling.
  Nowhere was mentioned the Russians or the Chinese.
  And that's really, it was infiltrated as a communist Chinese.
  It was all people that question elections, people that question lockdowns, open borders, or forced inoculations.
  And you can read the report for yourself.
   And since then they've had all their talking heads and Obama and Hillary and Biden and Kamala Harris and all these senators and congressmen, particularly the last month in a fever pitch ahead of the midterms, 52 days out, saying, Our opposition are terrorists.
  We have to kill the MAGA movement.
  We have to kill the Trump populist movement.
  These are quotes.
  We have to crush them.
  They're illegal.
  And then now, again, we learn Facebook is spying on all prominent conservatives and sending your private messages that are nonviolent to the FBI that has special political units set up a trillion times worse than anything Richard Nixon even imagined to do.
   And so this is a political One-party system that is hated, that is corrupt, that is insider trading, that is sold out of the shycoms, knowing the world's waking up, knowing America's waking up, trying to start wars as distractions, imploding in borders as distractions, and trying to then openly outlaw their political opposition and to create a uniparty, one-party state.
   So, I am predicting, and by exposing this they may not do it, but I am predicting they're going to false flag or provocateur Absolutely, incredibly violent acts, if not by the midterms, as an October surprise, I mean the next few weeks.
  But, sometime before the 2024 election, because they're telegraphing... Alright, ladies and gentlemen... He keeps going.
  The madman won't stop.
  There's more on the other side of this break.
  
  
  
  
   The rage for more than a decade have been concentrated green powders
   with wheatgrass and so many other ingredients that are known to make us healthy,
  to make us vibrant and to defend our immune systems.
  Now, over a year and a half ago, we came out with a product that was top-sourced, top of the line, as good as it's going to get.
  But then the supply chain broke down, and it was sold out for more than a year.
  Finally, green fiber capsules, this big old bottle, jam-packed, is back in stock for a limited time, and at FullWorksStore.com, 30% off.
   This limited time, we don't have time to go into all the great things it does or what
  it has inside.
   But go to Infowarsstore.com and look up green fiber capsules for yourself and see how amazing
  it is.
   And what's just as amazing is it funds the Info War and keeps us on air.
  We're all under globalist attack.
   They don't want you to have these essential nutrients that are in this product.
  Get yours today at 25% off at Infowarsstore.com.
  Now back in stock.
   We're going to pick up the Alex Jones speech from the TPUSA event on the other side of
  this segment.
  We've got about eight or so minutes left of it.
  So we're going to fill up the next segment with that now.
  Let me get into how we can stay on air because Alex is out this week.
  Hopefully just this week.
  Could go on to next week.
  We don't really know.
  Dealing with the most recent court battles and lawfare that we have to deal with here at InfoWars every day.
  So, he's in Connecticut dealing with court stuff.
  We may or may not be getting some reports, some updates on that from Alex before the end of the day, but stay tuned at InfoWars.com for the latest breaking news and updates there, and then as well on Banned.Video where we actually have a team of legal experts that have a channel there covering that trial exclusively at Banned.Video.
  People are starting to realize now, as the censorship expands and ramps up, and now the Biden White House actually just demanding and running the big tech censorship, demanding big tech platforms censor their opposition, and really running it at this point, that's how aggressive it's gotten.
   And of course, InfoWars was target number one to be shut down.
   And now they've moved on to their next plan of action, which is if the censorship off
   the internet doesn't work, then we'll go after you and destroy you in courtrooms where our
   judges and our lawyers are all there and our brainwashed minions in the jury.
  And so that's the process we're at.
  We don't have big billionaire donors, big corporate donors.
  We have you in the audience shopping at InfoWarsTore.com.
  And look at what you've done.
  Look at what you've built.
  It's amazing what you've built here.
  And I don't want to see this mothership that we've all built together get taken out of orbit and grounded and not in the InfoWar anymore.
  The battle for the soul, for the mind, for the hearts of America.
  And it's your support at Infowarsstore.com that keeps us on the air.
  The book sales for Alex's book have been huge.
  Top seller on Amazon.
  The New York Times best sellers list is trying to snub us from being on it, but we were the best seller.
  The Great Reset in the War for World by Alex Jones.
  You can get it at Infowarsstore.com or on Amazon if you want to help it stay on top of the charts.
  Of course, we sell the highest quality supplements as well at InfoWarsTore.com.
  Now, if you're like me, and a lot of people are like me, when there's a changing of the season, you start to get a little under the weather.
  In fact, if you listen to me often, you probably notice my voice sounds a little hoarse or raspy today.
  Got a little seasonal distress.
  So I've been upping my supplement intake.
  I feel great, by the way.
  It's just a little seasonal distress.
  But that's because I take the supplements at InfoWarsStore.com.
  If I wasn't taking all the supplements, I probably would be in a lot worse place today with headaches and congestion and a sore throat and raspiness.
  But really, I just got a little, just like a 1% problem and I'll be fine.
  And I truly believe that's because of the supplements I take at InfoWarsStore.com, including the Immune Support Super Combo, which is a three supplement pack.
  And we've been out of stock on these supplements.
  Now they're back in stock at a discounted rate, 50% off when you buy them in the pack.
  And that's the Vitamin D3 Gummies, that's the Vitamin C Plus Zinc, and the DNA Force Plus.
  That is the Super Immune Support Pack at InfoWarsStore.com, 50% off.
  50% off when you get that in the pack.
  And it just can't be said enough, folks.
  As we head into a new season, and as the weather starts to get a little colder, and the sun starts to be around a little less, getting your immune system ready for that is key.
  It's the Immunity Supercharger Combo Pack.
  50% off at InfoWareStore.com.
  And also, 10,000 of the Theodore Roosevelt Man in the Arena coins.
  Only 10,000 are minted.
  I'm not sure how many we've sold.
  But this is going to be a great collector's item.
  You can get it at Infowarsstore.com, and that will take you directly to 1776coin.com, where you can get your limited edition coin.
   All their talking heads, and Obama, and Hillary, and Biden, and Kamala Harris, and all these senators and congressmen, particularly the last month in a fever pitch ahead of the midterms, 52 days out, saying, Our opposition are terrorists.
  We have to kill the MAGA movement.
  We have to kill the Trump populist movement.
  These are quotes.
  We have to crush them.
  They're illegal.
  And then now, again, we learn Facebook is spying on all prominent conservatives and sending your private messages that are nonviolent to the FBI that has special political units set up a trillion times worse than anything Richard Nixon even imagined to do.
   And so this is a political One-party system that is hated, that is corrupt, that is insider trading, that is sold out to the shycoms, knowing the world's waking up, knowing America's waking up, trying to start wars as distractions, imploding in borders as distractions, and trying to then openly outlaw their political opposition and to create a uniparty, one-party state.
   So, I am predicting, and by exposing this they may not do it, but I am predicting they're going to false flag or provocateur Absolutely incredibly violent acts, if not by the midterms, as an October surprise, I mean the next few weeks, but sometime before the 2024 election.
  Because they're telegraphing it, they're saying Republicans are terrorists.
   We didn't burn down $2.3 billion of car dealerships and people's apartment homes.
   We didn't shoot a bunch of cops and shoot a bunch of innocent people, mostly peaceful
  demonstrators.
   So we're being branded as loyal, hardworking, good Americans as terrorists.
   The leftist media is saying white people inherently are bad and evil.
   They plan on trying to trigger a race war and a political war.
   And I know conservatives and populists and nationalists and America-firsters don't want
  We don't think the cops are our enemy, or an average FBI agent.
  We don't think car bombing a federal building is good, it's bad.
  So we have no motive, we wouldn't do it, but who has a motive and who is swinging from the chandeliers?
  Running around like chickens with their heads cut off saying we're about to blow stuff up or shoot people.
  That is them telling you what their desperate next move, their primal scream that Steve Bannon talked about.
  That's what their backs against the wall, their cornered rats.
  We're winning ideologically, culturally, economically, spiritually.
  The whole world's turning against globalism.
  They're electing to leadership positions all over Eastern Europe and in Canada and Australia and Latin America.
  Populist, anti-globalist, nationalist, Christian patriots.
  So they see the trend and their answer is outlaw their political opposition by staging terror attacks and blaming it on us.
  And that's what takes us back to 2002, 2003 and this whole process.
  So I want to re-emphasize what Alex just said.
  I wrote a whole piece for the great website revolver.news.
  I know a lot of you guys read revolver.news.
  They do a fabulous job.
  Which is, you cannot allow them to provoke you into doing something that you do not want to do that you would regret.
  We have to stay peaceful.
  They would love nothing more than to try to provoke the entire MAGA movement.
  Like, remember what James Lindsay said?
  Go right up to the inch before your face and you slap it away?
  It's very, very important.
  And Alex articulated how they might try to infiltrate groups, they might try to infiltrate chat rooms.
  We know this thanks to declassified FBI documents and DOJ documents.
  And they're almost warning in advance.
  And Alex, I said the same thing on our podcast, which is why do they all of a sudden out of anywhere say, well these people support political violence, domestic violent extremism.
  It's very strange how almost this drumbeat has come out of nowhere.
  They have to get that narrative in the zeitgeist.
   So I just want to re-emphasize, everyone watching at home, We remain peaceful, they lose.
  In fact, it's very important, okay?
  Charlie, you're totally right.
  Two weeks ago, I did three hours on this, literally screaming it to my millions of listeners and viewers.
  And it was a telltale sign.
  CNN, MSNBC, The Young Turks, and there was more than that, I couldn't watch it all.
  Dozens of programs said, Alex Jones calls for political violence.
  And then they would show video of me without audio, but never say what I said.
  So they were so upset by me saying, don't be violent, that they put out national reports saying I called for violence.
  These people are bottomless.
  They are willing to go to any length.
  And I'm telling you folks, I used to think that I knew how bad they were.
   Now that I've experienced this, At the level Trump's experienced it, they will create whole systems of lies where the story is so elaborate, so big, so crazy, you think, well, some of that's got to be true.
  No, they've created stories about me.
  I'm not being a victim.
  The viewers need to know and the audience needs to know.
  Folks, I'm telling you, they create stories about me where none of it's true.
  And they're whole complex narratives, whole complex things, and I'm like reading this or watching this, and I mean, you know, hour-long CNN specials, HBO specials, PBS specials, and I'm watching it and none of it is true.
  None of it.
  Normally you think, you know, they mix a lie in, you know, slip the poison in with a piece of candy.
  No, no, no.
  They have gone to the next level.
  We all wonder, well, everybody hates the mainstream media.
  People are waking up, they're turning against them.
  What will they do?
  Will they stop lying?
  And the answer is no.
  This new CNN ownership, they're not backing off.
  They're just getting less obvious about it.
  It's very clear.
  It's a whole system of lies.
  It's well said.
  For those of you watching at home, I'll just mention again, we have a Turning Point USA booklet for any, and a gift of any amount to Turning Point USA, tpusa.com.
  You guys can get this.
  And I want to secondly also plug Alex Jones' book, The Great Reset.
  It's fabulous for everyone watching at home.
  Alex, we have a couple minutes remaining here.
  I want to go through two remaining topics.
  Number one, transhumanism.
  Merging of man and machine.
  The media hates when you talk about it.
  And then finally, I want to finish with the last question of what can we do?
  Because I'm looking at the audience here and you're talking about this, Alex.
  I could just feel the kind of vibe of it's overwhelming.
  And so Alex, start with transhumanism, just do that really quick, and then tell the people, tell the audience, tell the millions at home, tell the grassroots, tell the citizens, what can be done to defeat the Great Reset.
  Beautifully said, Charlie.
  Thank you so much, sir.
  Look, they're cutting off our energy, they're coming after our freedoms, they're imploding our future.
  But once we wake up, they're the ones doing it on purpose and they can't pose as a savior.
  And once their great reset is known, it's game over.
  So their plan for us is poverty and implosion.
  You'll own nothing.
  You'll have nothing.
  Basically euthanasia, abortion, poison shots, and depopulation.
  That vision for themselves that we've seen from a lot of, not just Democrats, but Republicans as well, is I'm going to live forever.
  Man, the age of humans is over and we're going to merge with machines and it's going to be so beautiful and there'll be no humans by 2050.
  That's Yuval Harari.
  You'll either evolve and accept this or you'll die.
  That's their delusion.
  So their plan for us is death and tyranny.
  Tyranny and death.
  Their plan for themselves is immortality and they're going to be gods.
  That's the serpent in the garden.
  It's the same lie over and over again.
  So let me give the viewers and listeners the good news.
  I go out on the street, despite the fact that I'm attacked everywhere, and as an average citizen, which is a blessing, believe me, you don't want to be famous, even if you don't have to be, the average person goes out and doesn't know if people are awake, doesn't know if people are patriots, doesn't know if they're aware of the New World Order.
  Believe me, all the attacks, all the demonization, whether I am in Austin, Texas, or whether I'm in Florida, or whether I'm in New York, or whether I'm in Canada, or the UK, or whether I'm in Las Vegas, or LA, I am mobbed.
  99% positive, almost nothing negative, and they usually are violent and throw coffee on me and stuff like that.
  But the good news is, they are screwed.
  They have weird little leftist enclave areas in every city.
  And they have their own, you know, the universities they've taken over that Charlie's trying to liberate.
  But other than that, the corporate media, Martha's Vineyard, these elite areas they all hide in, the average person, black, white, Hispanic, Asian, old, young, gay, straight, they just want freedom.
  They just want a future.
  They just want justice.
  My book's number one in the world, thanks to all you patriots getting out to people, the great recent war of the world.
  People are waking up, and so don't get down.
  No, submission is death.
  Resistance is freedom and liberty in life.
  And so, it's like any fight.
  When I was growing up in school and some bully was going to beat me up after school because I dated his girlfriend.
   I went ahead and just didn't like it, but I went ahead and went out and met them.
   And as soon as fists started flying, I wasn't scared anymore.
  And most of the time they got, they went down.
  And so what I'm saying is, is that this is where we are.
  We were handed this fire of forebearers.
  We have this beautiful country, this beautiful planet.
  And Turning Point USA is the heart of the global resistance.
  America is the heart of the global resistance to tyranny.
  And so we have a real responsibility and an honor to be alive now and to be involved.
  And think of the billions of people crying out for freedom worldwide, crying out for God to save them.
  Well, God sends people to save people.
  God should do everything, but God loves free will.
  God's waiting for us to take action.
   And so I am so honored to be with this crowd of people and so honored to be with you because, listen, We are the tip of the spear, so don't be down, don't be overwhelmed.
  God won't give you anything you can't overcome through Christ Jesus.
  So God bless you all, and we're gonna win this in the end.
  We have to.
  One more time for Alex Jones, everybody.
  Alex, thank you so much.
  God bless.
  Alright, taking over and fulfilling the host duties now.
  And I think there's only one thing, obviously, there's only one thing that I should be talking about and obsessing over right now, and that's the Queen!
  And royalty!
  Because it's the 21st century and we still believe in royalty, yeah!
  Of course, I'm being facetious.
  Julian Odd1, that every morning now, for almost three weeks, I wake up, I turn my TV news on, and it's following the next Queen funeral!
  The next Queen funeral!
  30 funerals for the Queen!
  Only George Floyd could rival such a magnanimous departure from this planet.
  Ah, it's royalty!
  We still do royalty in this world, apparently.
  No, I think, um...
  I think the royals should decry royalty and this idea of a king and queen.
  Of course, they won't, but the obsession is weird, I gotta tell you.
  Not my culture, and I'm proud of that.
  However, we've got our own corrupt leadership.
   We've got a president acting like he wishes he was king, a Democrat party that acts like there are royalty in their New lust for power and domination of your life.
   Now, the regime face, the face of the regime, the puppet Joe Biden, gave a 60 Minutes interview that aired last night, which, surprisingly enough to me, it was candid And even the 60 Minutes host, Scott Pelley, asked some pretty good questions.
  Now, you know, he fluffed it up.
  He made sure that even though he was going to ask him a couple tough questions, he gave him a nice fluffy pillow and bed to rest in while he was answering it.
  He didn't press him too hard.
  But he did ask some serious questions.
  We're going to play some of those clips.
  Biden was more coherent than he typically is, but yet still the signs of dementia and whatever else he is going through with his broken brain were apparent.
  So let me get to some of the news headlines and then we'll play some of those clips from the 60 Minutes interview.
  Joe Biden says, people disapprove of me because they are psychologically unable to be happy.
  This is projection.
  Now, what motivates Joe Biden to say something like that is odd because you wouldn't think that he's projecting.
  This is a guy who spent 50% of his presidency on vacation.
  This is a guy who, as soon as his wife was deceased, had a much younger woman in bed ready to marry him again.
  This is a man who goes to his beachfront mansion every weekend on your taxpayer dollar?
  So, is it Biden that is projecting that he is unable to be happy?
  Or is he just understanding the modern-day Democrat-Liberal mindset of misery loves company and that's who he's really addressing here?
  Because to me, while conservatives and Republicans or like-minded people are frustrated with the way things are going, I don't see us unable to be happy.
  I don't think we're psychologically unable to be happy.
  I don't witness that at conservative events, Trump events, or when I have events.
  Or hell, even here on air on the Alex Jones Show or the War Room or the American Journal with Harrison Smith when we're covering some of the most serious news, we've got plenty of time to be happy and jovial and crack jokes and laugh and have a smile.
  So who is Joe Biden really talking about when he says people are psychologically unable to be happy?
  I think it's pretty obvious.
  I think that's your modern day average liberal progressive democrat who finds misery in everything, and the only time they find any enjoyment in life is when they're telling you what to do, or censoring you, or shutting down your business, or abusing your children.
  And then, when they're denied access to those sordid activities, that's when they start to lash out and get angry.
  They need to control you.
  And that's the biggest grab here that people need to understand whether you're, whether you see yourself on the left side of the political spectrum or the right side of the political spectrum.
  It's very, very important we understand what each side really represents.
  And I like to start off with this as kind of the launching pad.
  Just hypothetically speaking, let's say that the country decided to divide into two countries and have a Republican country and a Democrat country.
  Now, let's just pretend that this is a situation.
  Well, why wouldn't that work out?
   In the current political climate, My guess is you could ask, let's say, let's say you ask a hundred people that identifies Democrat or Republican.
  My guess is 90% of Republicans would say yes, they'd be down for a country split at this point because they want nothing to do with Democrat Party leadership.
   But despite All of the crying and moaning and whining and attacks and lies against Republicans that Democrats say, I bet if you asked Democrats about splitting the country, only 10% of them would say it's a good thing.
  Now why would you have that difference?
  Why would you have a situation, I mean, or you could assume that Democrats would like to see the country separated and they would say, okay, we'll have Democrat run America and Republican run America.
  But Democrats don't want that.
  Why?
  Why wouldn't the American left be in agreement with something like that?
  There's two reasons.
  One, they already know that their policies are failures.
  They're not stupid.
  They know California and New York and Illinois are disasters of states run by Democrats.
  They know every major inner city that's run by Democrats goes to hell within a decade.
  St.
  Louis, Baltimore, New Orleans, you name it.
  It's all of them.
  So they know that their leadership destroys worlds.
  But that's not really the problem here.
   Democrats The modern-day American left is all about control.
  It's all about subjugation.
  So, the modern-day Democrat Party would not want a two-party system in America where Republicans have red states, Democrats have blue states.
  They would never want that because their entire ideology is based off of controlling your life.
  So, sure, Republicans would say, all right, let's separate.
  We just want to be independent of you guys trying to control our lives anyway.
  Democrats, despite all the attacks they say about conservatives, oh, they're racist, oh, they're bigots, oh, they're xenophobic, oh, they're extremists, oh, they're hate groups.
  Okay, well, let's just separate then.
  We'll have our lives, you'll have yours.
  No, they can't have that because their entire operational motivation is to control your life.
  Tell you how to protect your family and yourself.
  Tell you how to educate your children.
  Tell you how to spend your money.
  Tell you how to travel.
  Tell you what to eat.
  Tell you where and how to live.
  So sure, you ask a Republican today, they'd sure, I'd love to have a separation between the Republicans and the Democrats.
  Split America into two different countries now.
  But Democrats would never have that because it's all about controlling you.
  Democrats want to tell you how to live your life.
  So last night, Joe Biden declared that the COVID pandemic is over.
  Here is that clip from last night's 60 Minutes interview, clip 14.
  Mr. President, first Detroit auto show in three years.
  Yeah.
  Is the pandemic over?
  The pandemic is over.
  We still have a problem with COVID.
  We're still doing a lot of work on it.
  But the pandemic is over.
  If you notice, no one's wearing masks.
  Everybody seems to be in pretty good shape.
  And so I think it's changing, and I think this is a perfect example of it.
  Total clown world stuff.
  You could have had the Detroit Auto Show in 2020 and 2021 with no masks or vaccines, and there wouldn't have been a pandemic then either.
  That's what's so weird, man.
  That's the crazy clown world that we're in today.
  We're just playing games like little kids.
  I mean, doesn't it feel like that sometimes?
  Do you ever play make-believe with your cousins or your friends growing up when you were little kids?
  You play make-believe?
  That's what this is.
  It's grown adults in our government playing make-believe, but forcing us into their clown world, make-believe world that doesn't exist.
  Now, okay, Biden declares the pandemic is over.
  We'll see if the White House tries to retract that statement like they've had to retract others that he made last night on the 60 Minutes interview.
  But that hasn't stopped the vaccine pushers from pushing their vaccines.
  Now, there's been a realization.
   Some sectors of the government Now, nobody's being outright honest about this vaccine that promoted it because they know how bad it is.
  That's like... I mean, it'd be like if you were the...
  Snack provider for a, let's say a youth peewee football team, and you were the snack provider at halftime, and you brought oranges, orange slices or something for the whole team at halftime, and then the entire team got sick in the second half, and it's like, uh oh, you knew it was from what you, well, oh I don't know anything about that, maybe we should stop having snack time!
  I think snack time was the problem.
  It's like, no, you gave them bad snacks.
  You gave them poison snacks.
  Like, no, no, no, I think maybe just snack time in general is a problem and we should just end snack time.
  Like, well, okay, maybe we should end snack time, but we know what you did.
   So, now certain areas are backing off the vaccine mandates, like in the military, because they know that this COVID-19 vaccine is probably the biggest humanitarian pharmaceutical disaster Maybe world history, but certainly modern history.
  And that's saying something, because there have been vaccines that have already caused disasters, like a vaccine caused a polio outbreak in Africa.
  Looks like it's about to cause a polio outbreak in New York City.
  You've had, of course, the experimentation on individuals with vaccines, like the Tuskegee experiment.
  You've had deadly drugs pushed by the system that get pulled off the market.
  So, I mean, there have been a lot of pharmaceutical disasters that have killed millions of people.
  I mean, hell, just opioids in general kill millions of people.
  Pharmaceutical drugs.
  But so all the vaccine pushers now know it's bad, and there's two responses.
   One, you either back off of it, knowing the vaccine has been a complete disaster, or two, you double down and in your confidence, That's the big act is the con game of, oh, the vaccine is great.
  Look at how confident I am in it.
   But the numbers are in and it's not going so well, so we'll see if the White House sticks by Biden's statement that COVID pandemic is over as they continue to push those deadly vaccines that don't just Not do a damn thing to stop COVID.
  They're going to do more harm than good.
  And almost every study, the further we get into this and more and newer studies come out, every study is now indicating what we all knew from the beginning.
  The COVID vaccine destroys your immune system.
  The COVID vaccine gives you all kinds of other negative side effects that have nothing to do with even COVID.
  Heart problems, stroke, Guillain-Barre, you name it.
  So it's either double down and pretend like you're still confident in the vaccines like Trump has done, like a jackass, or you back off the mandates and the promotion of the vaccines and just say, well, we're just not doing mandates and promotions anymore, but you don't tell people why.
  And so that's where it's going.
  Following U.S.
  Navy's change to vaccine mandate policy, U.S.
  Marine Corps follows.
  Yeah, they see how much of a disaster this has been and what a humanitarian crisis the vaccine is with the deadly side effects.
  But not everybody is going that direction.
  New York City, there it is.
  Run by the tyrannical Democrats.
  New York City fires another 850 teachers and teaching aides after they failed to get the COVID vaccine by September 5th deadline, bringing the total number to 1,950 terminated by Department of Education since vaccine mandate took effect.
  So there is no pandemic.
  The vaccine doesn't stop you from getting COVID or spreading COVID.
  It's actually negative on you.
  It's basically just straight up a poison.
  I mean, that's really what it is at this point.
  The vaccine is just a straight up poison.
  But they're still making you get it in New York City.
  Because... Democrats.
  Tyrants.
  Authoritarians.
  Fascists.
  Totalitarians.
  Conformists.
  What other words can we use here?
  So, the military says, okay, this vaccine has been a disaster, let's back off the mandates.
  But the tyrannical Democrats that run the New York City educational system, they say, let's double down on our con game with the vaccine.
  But see, there's another element to this that the left understands in their totalitarian nature.
  Keeping the vaccine mandate is more important to them because it weeds out freethinkers, it weeds out nonconformists, it weeds out, in their eyes, conservatives.
  And so the New York City Education System is not keeping the vaccine around because they think it works or protects from COVID or the safety of their teachers and students.
  The New York City Education Department is keeping the vaccine mandate as a filter.
  To keep non-conformists out of the classroom, conservatives, Christians, and all these people out of the classroom, they want totality in the education department.
  They only want radical leftists teaching children.
  They only want radical leftists indoctrinating children.
  That's why the New York City Education Department is keeping the vaccine around.
  It has nothing to do with health and safety.
  It has everything to do with control over the teachers that are indoctrinating the children in New York City.
  But, you know, what's going to be amazing to witness, and we're already really witnessing it, we just haven't realized that this is what's happening.
  New York City, at some points in modern history, could have been considered the greatest city on earth, a bastion, a hive of activity and civilization and human experience.
  Has now been completely turned into a dystopian hellhole by Democrats.
  And, you know, it's really a story that doesn't get talked about enough.
  The greatness, the once great bastion of human civilization, New York City, is now a bastion of Democrat Party and globalist tyranny and a third world hellhole.
  Less than half of Manhattan workers have returned to the office.
  Well yeah, once you go commie and you're a lazy bum, you never want to go back.
  Yeah, people that like taking other people's money and hard-earned money and energy, of course they never want to go back to work.
  They're lazy bums!
  And they gotta keep the fear.
  Dreaded side effect rears its ugly head in latest COVID variant.
  You know, I gotta tell ya, I think what's going on here, and we had doctors already warn us that this would be the case.
  I really think this truly was an alley-oop attack on humanity to kill a large number of people, and it's worked very well, and I don't think the numbers are final yet, folks, especially with people continuing to put this poison in their veins.
  They created the virus in a lab, they made it highly contagious, deadly if you're morbidly obese or have comorbidities.
  But that was half of the biological warfare against humans on this planet.
  The second half, and the key, was the vaccine.
  Because most people are going to survive their man-made virus, but what happens is you're not going to survive five of these vaccines.
  And the vaccinated are now creating variants of COVID that are just going to kill the vaccinated people.
  So if you never got a vaccine and you've got natural immunity, you're fine.
  You might get COVID here and there because the vaccinated keep spreading their variants.
  But the numbers are going to be overwhelming pretty soon of how many vaccinated people are dying.
  So, Joe Biden says the pandemic is over, so why are we still promoting these vaccines that only have emergency use authorization and haven't even been tested on humans?
  Well, that doesn't make sense.
  It doesn't have to!
  You're in the clown world, run by Biden and Jean-Pierre and Kamala Harris and Democrats, you know, where men can get pregnant and men are women.
  It's the clown world.
  We're just living in it.
   But that's not the only Lies, Joe Biden was telling on his 60 Minutes interview.
  Oh, the pandemic is over now.
  It's been over, Jack.
  Just up an inch, Joe Biden downplays his record 8.2% inflation number.
  That was just in August, that number.
  I think it's about 13 or 14% overall since he got into office.
  So he tries to downplay that as he destroys the middle class in this country.
  And so, credit to Scott Pelley for asking the question.
  And here he asks, what is Biden doing about inflation in clip 11?
  Mr. President, as you know, last Tuesday, the annual inflation rate came in at 8.3%.
  The stock market nosedived.
  People are shocked by their grocery bills.
  What can you do better?
  By the way, pause it real quick.
  So all of that was happening last week while Joe Biden and the Democrats were partying with James Taylor, clinking glasses on the success of their economy.
  I mean, this is a historic time in America.
  This is the fall of a great nation.
  Now, we can still revive ourselves.
   We can still crawl out of this hole that we've been put in, this darkness, but the historical Application of this is truly underappreciated right now because we're living this history.
  Joe Biden and the Democrats partying with James Taylor on the White House lawn about the successes of the economy as the economy is being crushed is truly historical.
  It's their fall of Rome moment.
  It's their Caligula moment.
  I mean, it's their clown world moment.
   It's the full transparency Of Democrat Party leadership that doesn't give a damn about you.
  And as long as they feel good, and as long as they're up there telling their lies, all is well in their world.
  However you're going, your life being crushed, doesn't matter.
  The reality of the situation doesn't matter.
  They're Democrats, they're in charge, and that's all that matters.
  So they're clinking glasses and celebrating how great of a job they're doing, as they're destroying your country.
  Truly, that is a historical moment.
  That White House Lawn Party of the Democrats celebrating the economy that they've destroyed will go down in U.S.
  history as one of the biggest clown moments of our country's history and the White House's history.
  In fact, that might be the biggest clown moment in the White House's history.
  Democrats partying with James Taylor celebrating the success of the economy that they've destroyed.
  I don't even think we can really fathom just how ludicrous and historical that was.
  That will be written about and looked back in time as a moment in history of this is how low America fell.
  This is how big of a joke America became.
  And hopefully we rise from there.
  But let's go back.
  Let's go back.
  I apologize.
  Interrupting the clip.
  Here's Joe Biden downplaying the destruction of the U.S.
  economy that he has ushered in.
  8.3 percent.
  The stock market nosedived.
  People are shocked by their grocery bills.
  What can you do better and faster?
  Well, first of all, let's put this in perspective.
  Inflation rate month-to-month was just an inch.
  Hardly at all.
  You're not arguing that 8.3 is good news?
  No, I'm not saying it is good news.
  But it was 8.2 or 8.2 before.
  I mean, it's not... Maybe I can make it sound like all of a sudden, my God, it went to 8.2%.
  That's the highest inflation rate, Mr. President, in 40 years.
  I got that.
  But guess what we are?
  We're in a position where, for the last several months, it hasn't spiked.
   Again, folks, the dementia here I mean, he did a pretty good job, I think, covering it up overall in the interview, but it's still the slurring of the words, the mush mouth, the unable to think critically.
  Obviously, he's not all there.
  But, I mean, again, I don't even know.
  See, the issue is, people still believe this clown.
  People still believe the lies of the mainstream media and the Democrat Party.
   So Joe Biden has enough confidence See, it's just like Anthony Fauci saying, oh, I never said to lock anything down.
  That little garden gnome rat was the first one saying to lock things down.
  I never promoted the vaccines.
  What are you talking about?
  You did 10 interviews a day promoting the vaccines.
  Anthony Fauci is so confident in the corrupt media that they will cover up his lies and cover up his activities that he just boldly lies right to your face.
  Same with Joe Biden.
  Because they're fascists, folks.
  They're in a cult.
  And they control all of the establishment media.
  And so they're so confident that they have total control of the narrative with their corrupt media, that they can lie directly to your face and get away with it.
  That Joe Biden can act like inflation hasn't been a problem in this country.
  He said, so what?
  It's just like an inch!
  Well, boy oh boy!
  How many things do we refer to as a game of inches?
  Sometimes an inch is a pretty big deal, isn't it?
  Sometimes an inch can make the difference between a win and a loss, can't it?
  But, okay, forget about the analogies.
  It's just an outright lie to act like 8.3 inflation is just an inch, or to act like 8.3 inflation is not a serious number, because it's all historic.
  It's a historic rise in inflation, everybody knows it, and Joe Biden is so confident that he can lie to you, and the mainstream media will cover for him.
  And so that's what he does right here.
  So guys, just rewind that like 10 or so seconds and let's go back to it.
  So, Joe Biden, mush mouth here, dementia ridden Biden, with his mush mouth, acting like inflation has not been a problem while he's in office, only able to do so because he knows that the corrupt media is in his back pocket.
  8.2% before.
  I mean, it's not... I mean, I can make it sound like all of a sudden, my God, it went to 8.2%.
  It's been... It's the highest inflation rate, Mr. President, in 40 years.
  I got that.
  But guess what we are?
  We're in a position where, for the last several months, it hasn't spiked.
  It has just barely... it's been basically even.
  The number that Scott Pelley brought up was the month of August, folks.
  Literally last month.
  He goes, it's not like that number is from the last month.
  It's literally from the last month.
  Continue.
  In the meantime, we created all these jobs and prices have gone up, but they've come down for energy.
  The fact is that we've created 10 million new jobs.
  Pause this right here.
  Now this is a little confusing to me.
  I'm not going to pretend to have all the answers.
  Sometimes I just have questions.
  Maybe the question is the answer.
  This one is a little confusing to me because, look, Trump claimed he had the most jobs created.
  Biden claims he has the most jobs created.
  I mean, how are you really to know?
  And my answer would be, well, what does it look like?
  What does the world look like when I go out into it?
  I gotta say, I mean, I've never seen in my life more help wanted signs than I see now.
  And maybe that's because Austin is booming?
  I don't know.
  But I mean, you drive around Austin, you drive around the town just for 10, 20 minutes, whatever, folks, it's help wanted signs everywhere, $20 an hour starting wage.
  I mean, I've never seen that before.
   I remember when I was in college and before that, like, You could find a job, but it took a bit of an effort.
  You might have to apply a couple places, do a couple interviews, and you'd be lucky if you could get $10 an hour.
  I'm not that old.
  I'm 33.
  We're talking just 10 plus years ago here.
  But now, I mean, my goodness!
  With inflation, I guess $20 an hour ain't what it used to be.
  But still, I mean, I can drive for 5 miles in Austin, and I'll find 10 jobs where I can start immediately making $20 an hour.
  So what's odd about that is, why is nobody taking these jobs?
  That's the real question here.
  So maybe the jobs have been created, why is nobody taking them?
  But let's continue here and finish up this section of the interview.
  The fact is that we've created 10 million new jobs.
  We're in a sense, we came to office.
  We're in a situation where the unemployment rate is about 3.7%, one of the lowest in history.
  We're in a situation where manufacturing is coming back to the United States in a big way.
  Yeah, I just can't believe any of what he's saying.
  I don't know why people aren't working, but it's not for a lack of jobs.
  But people are definitely struggling more so than they have under Trump, I would say.
  Ten year treasury yield jumps to 3.5%, the highest level since 2011.
  Since 2011, last time DEMOCRATS were in the White House.
  See, there's a theme here.
  When did Russia invade Ukraine last?
  When DEMOCRATS were in the White House.
  When was the last time inflation was this bad?
  When DEMOCRATS were in the White House.
  There's a common theme here to all of our problems.
  And what is that theme, class?
  Say it with me.
  DEMOCRATS.
  There we go, we're learning.
  You know, it's amazing how Joe Biden will just tell a lie.
  It just flows off of his tongue like he doesn't even think twice about it.
   Whether it's making up stories about riding on the Amtrak, making up stories about a guy who worked there, telling him about how many miles he's traveled when the guy had long been deceased, to Joe Biden's History in Pennsylvania that never existed or his scholarly achievements in college that also didn't exist.
  I mean, the guy just makes stuff up all the time.
  He's a known plagiarist as well.
  And the latest big lie from Joe Biden that goes unchecked.
  Because he just lies.
  It's common for Joe Biden to just talk.
  He just lies.
  It just flows.
  Joe Biden tells Brits Queen Elizabeth reminded him of his mother.
  He's just making that up.
  He's just lying.
  Problem is, Joe's mother was a vicious woman who hated the Queen and wrote nasty poems about her.
  That's funny, isn't it?
  But see, Joe Biden sees, ooh, the Queen's dead.
  I can build myself off this.
  I can get some momentum off the Queen's death.
  I'll say that the Queen reminded me of my mother.
  That'll be good for my ratings.
  That'll be a good TV clip.
  It's totally untrue.
  It's a complete lie.
  But it's Joe Biden.
  And so if he's not lying, he's not talking.
  And man, oh man, I gotta tell you.
  The obsession over the royal family is just, honestly, it's kind of disgusting, really.
  Look, it's not my culture.
  I'm not from England.
  You know, I've kind of, in my confusion over the obsession, I've read some stories trying to explain it and I just, I'm sorry, I just don't get it.
  I just don't get this obsession with royalty.
  It's kind of pathetic, actually.
  But, uh, the Queen Elizabeth funeral for the 30th time there.
  Uh, every morning I wake up, turn on the news, look, I'm gonna get some news here to start my day.
  Queen Elizabeth funeral.
  I'm sick of it.
  But the obsession is real.
  And real pathetic.
  Just like Joe Biden's dementia.
  Now, so he claims, oh, he has no problems.
  He's as fit as a fiddle.
  He's as sharp as a tack.
  He's the smartest guy in the room, unless Hunter's in the room with him doing crack, cocaine, or parmesan cheese.
  He's not sure the difference at this point.
  And he says he's broke while he's cutting million dollar deals with Chinese nationals.
  But he won't pay child support.
  And I'm sure Joe couldn't afford to fork a few bucks over to his illegitimate grandson.
  Watch me.
  If you think I don't have the energy level, mental acuity.
   So here is a little reminder, Biden denies he has dementia, but here's the clips proving
  he doesn't.
  Fifteen.
  Watch me.
   If you think I don't have the energy level of mental acuity, the best way to get something
   done if you if it holds near and dear to you that you like to be able to.
   Anyway, from Char, excuse me, from Charlotte, one another line going from in Florida.
  down to Tampa.
  Of Putin's kleptocracy.
  Yeah.
  America is a nation that can be defined in a single word.
   I was going to put him in, uh, the idea that, um, Los Angeles and, uh, and, uh, uh, um, what am I doing here?
  For two reasons.
  One, to... We haven't been able to communicate it in a way that is, uh, um, let me say it another way.
   With the nature, not a solid meeting with, um, with, uh, They make a very good point.
  Here's the deal.
  Here's what drives the driver in the states that are affected.
  Here's what you can do, the drivers.
  Everything is fine.
  Joe Biden's fine.
  Right liberals, right Democrats.
  Joe Biden is fine.
  We should just listen to you guys.
  You guys are always being honest.
  And I believe the most powerful.
  The man in the arena coin, Teddy Roosevelt.
  Citizen of a republic.
  The man in the arena.
  There's only 10,000 of this coin.
  It exists in the world.
  It will never be made again.
  It's not just an amazing historic coin.
  It funds the information war against the globalists.
  This is something you want to hand down to your grandchildren.
  This is something you want to own.
  And as a fundraiser, it is funding the information war against the globalists.
  Ladies and gentlemen, 10,000 coins are available.
  They'll sell out very quickly.
  Please be part of history and thank you all for your support.
  You can go to 1776coin.com or you can go to patriotcollectibles.com and secure this coin.
  There's only 10,000 of this coin in existence and it funds the Infowar.
  Man of the arena coin, Teddy Roosevelt.
  1776coin.com.
  Yeah, I mean, maybe we've got it all wrong, guys.
  Maybe the American left, liberal, progressive, democrat, globalist, conformist, tyrants, authoritarian, fascists.
  Maybe they got it right.
  You know, maybe life sucks.
  Maybe we should just be slaves and die.
  You know, what are we doing here enjoying life and consciousness and this divine creation?
  We're so stupid.
  We should just... We should just let the Democrats destroy America, destroy freedom at the hands and behest of the globalists.
  And we should stop driving cars and stop flying on airplanes and stop...
  Heating our house in the winter and having A.C.
  in the summer and we should stop eating steak dinners and having barbecues with our neighbors.
  This is all bad stuff, folks.
  This is stuff that's not good.
  And, you know, I think we should just listen to Joe Biden and the Democrat liberals.
  You guys really got it right, don't you?
  And we should probably, when a young boy is born, we should probably just chop his genitals right off, right then and there.
  And when a young girl is born, we should probably just give her a mastectomy right then and there.
  I mean, why waste time?
  Why put that off for five years till the teachers can do it in the classrooms with the kids?
  And I mean, really, we should probably just take any medical procedure that the government tells us to without question our entire lives.
  Really.
  I mean, that's what we should probably be doing, right?
  Liberals, right?
  Democrats.
  We've got it all wrong here, guys.
  We've had it all wrong the whole time.
  Freedom is bad.
  Truth is bad.
  Justice is bad.
  Prosperity is bad.
  Having fun is bad.
  Eating healthy meals is bad.
  Freedom to travel and commerce.
  It's all bad, folks.
  This is all bad.
  The experiment with freedom has obviously failed.
  Liberals are right.
  Democrats are right, folks.
  Freedom has failed us.
  Of course, I'm being facetious.
  It's the exact opposite.
  Oh, why does America take in more refugees, asylum seekers, and illegal immigrants than every other country on earth combined?
  Why would that be?
  Not only that, America also gives out more welfare and humanitarian aid to other countries than every other country on earth combined!
  How could that be possible?
  How could America give away more than every other country on earth combined and take in more than every country on earth combined?
  Because freedom worked!
  Freedom worked!
  Self-government worked!
  Capitalism worked!
  It worked so well, that we've been able to take in more people into our system than everywhere and anywhere else on Earth, and we've still been able to give away more than every other country on Earth.
  Because freedom worked!
  And now the Democrats and Liberals and Globalists are trying to destroy it.
  Really amazing stuff.
  We go back.
   Now, To Joe Biden, who's now hedging on himself.
  Now, this is obviously Joe Biden's controllers telling him, stop telling people you're running.
  We're not going to let you run.
  And so Biden just, you know, naturally thinking, of course, I'm going to say I'm going to run.
  This is all about showing confidence.
  Yes, I'm running because we're doing so great with the economy and we're doing so great with this and that.
  So, of course, I'm going to run.
  I'm a success story, says Joe Biden.
  But that's not what the Democrats actually want.
  They don't want Joe Biden to run.
  And so he's been told, do not promote that you're running anymore, even though he has been for a year.
  And they filed with the FEC that he's going to run, or with whatever government entity when you file to run for president, I forget the name of it.
  But then last night on 60 Minutes, all of a sudden he changes his tune in clip 10.
  Sir, are you committed to running again?
  Or are there certain conditions that have to be right?
  Look, if I were to say to you, I'm running again, all of a sudden a whole range of things come into play that I have requirements I have to change and move and do.
  In terms of election laws?
  In terms of election laws.
  Then it's much too early to make that kind of decision.
  No.
  I'm a great respecter of fate.
  Pause it.
  And rewind it briefly.
  This guy is so weird, man.
  He's like an animatron.
  Just so strange.
  Did you see his face when we just paused there?
  Did you guys notice that?
  He's had so much surgery on his head and face.
  He's like a robot, folks.
  And I get, like, people think it's fake.
  People think Joe Biden's a clone.
  People think he's wearing a prosthetic mask.
  I get it.
  The guy is so weird.
  And because of all the surgeries he's had on his face and everything, he looks like a damn robot.
  He looks like Jack Nicholson as the Joker.
  Sheesh.
  Anyway...
  He acts like, oh, it's so unprecedented for a sitting president to say he's running again.
  It's just impossible.
  You just can't do it.
  I mean, again, it's just such blatant lies.
  Like, like, like that's not been done before.
  Like sitting presidents don't announce that they're running again.
  Like Trump didn't just do that.
  Like Joe Biden didn't just do that.
  The entire last year he's been saying he's running again.
  Now all of a sudden he tells Scott Pelley, oh, well, I can't say I'm running again.
  It's just too complicated.
  There's too many legal issues.
  Just total lies!
  And he thinks you're so stupid that you'll believe it!
  Alright, go back to the prosthetic-faced president.
  Boss, then it's much too early to make that kind of decision.
  I'm a great respecter of fate.
  It's already done.
  So what I'm doing is I'm doing my job and we're going to do that job and within the time frame that makes sense after this next election cycle here.
  Pause it again, pause it again.
   You know, it's just I get frustrated with myself, but I have to address every little lie he tells.
  And that's the problem.
  I could have a five minute clip of a Democrat speaking, but I need five hours to break down all the lies.
  So first he says, well, you know, it's too early to say I'm running again.
  He's been saying he's running again for a year.
  It's just, it's just unbelievable.
  Guys, remind it one more time for me.
  I just get overwhelmed with so many lies he's told.
  I've lost track of them now.
  So, okay, play it again.
  He should move and do.
  In terms of election loss.
  And it's much too early to make that kind of decision.
  He already did.
  I'm a great respecter of fate.
  And so what I'm doing is I'm doing my job.
  Doing his job.
  Okay, pause the right time.
  He's doing his job.
  How many different times now has Joe Biden said that he's not in charge?
  Four times?
  Five times?
  Where he'll be at a press conference and he says, oh, I'm not allowed to take questions.
  Or he'll look around and say, what am I supposed to do?
  Or he'll say, oh, they don't want me to do that.
  It's happened four or five times now.
  So he's not in charge.
  He's not running the show.
  Everybody knows that.
  And then he goes up there and tells Scott Pelley, acting like he's in control, he's the president, he's running the things, when he's not, he's on vacation 50% of the time.
  Finish the clip.
  Makes sense after this next election cycle here, going into next year, make a judgment on what to do.
  You say that it's much too early to make that decision.
  I take it the decision has not been made in your own head.
  Look, my intentions I said they began with.
  What?
  Is that I would run again.
  But it's just an intention.
  But is it a firm decision?
  That I'd run again?
  That remains to be seen.
  I see.
  So, you've already announced you're running again, you've already filed the paperwork to run again, standard procedure for a president that wants to run again, totally normal, but the Democrats don't want you to run again, and you've been such a disaster that it's bad to say that you're running again ahead of the midterms, so you act like you're not running again, even though you admit that you already made the decision to run again and announced it.
  I see.
  Do you liberal Democrat, I mean, do you enjoy being lied to so much?
  It's gotta be tough, this balancing act, this juggling act you do with all of your lies.
  I mean, it's gotta be tough.
  And I understand why no Democrats want to debate anymore.
  It's gotta be tough to keep up with all the lies you've told, because that's the thing, folks, you have to understand.
  Anything that comes out of a Democrat's mouth, they know that they probably have said the exact opposite, and people can just go back into the internet archives and find them saying the exact opposite thing.
  Whether it's, I mean, it was Bill Clinton that first said, make America great again.
  It was Democrats that used to talk about closing the borders.
  I mean, you can just go on and on.
  It's hard for Democrats to actually speak publicly because they know that they've probably said the exact opposite at some point in their career in the past.
  So it's gotta be hard to be a liberal Democrat.
  I mean, to just balance all the lies and juggle all the lies knowing that anything you might say, you've probably said or believed the exact opposite in the past.
  It's got to be a chore.
   And it's a chore that It's a chore I'll never have to experience because I'm certainly not a conformist communist liberal democrat.
  I don't know why anybody would be.
  Alright ladies and gentlemen, you know we've got big specials at InfoWarsStore.com and uh... I'm gonna...
   I'm going to be a bad boy here because I'm supposed to be plugging the big specials we have, letting you know about DNA Force Plus being back in stock, and vitamin D3 gummies, and vitamin C with zinc, and then the immune support combo pack of all those three in one pack for 50% off, the new limited edition coin, which I know there's one around here somewhere I could show it off for the camera, but I am a user of the supplements at Infowarsstore.com and for somebody that lives a, let's call it a high-intensity, high-impact life where I'm just constantly on the go, sometimes it's hard to have a good diet where you know you're getting all the vitamins, minerals, nutrients you need and that's why I supplement so often.
  I was talking to the crew, because I'm sure this is the way with a lot of people.
  Whenever there's a change of the seasons, I tend to have, I don't know if I would call it allergies, but it's referred to as seasonal distress.
  And I used, honestly, I used to, it would very rarely if ever happen when I lived in Missouri, but with Texas down here, there's a lot more pollen, mold, cedar, and other stuff in the air.
  So I have what is called seasonal distress.
  And it's about to change season.
  And so I noticed it really started to hit me at the end of last week and last weekend.
  You might be able to kind of hear my voice is a little different than normally.
  And it sounds normally.
  Folks, I have to tell you, I have truly discovered the answer to dealing with this.
  And I'm telling you folks, give it a try for yourself.
   If you're somebody that suffers from seasonal distress at the changing of the seasons, and there's just some discomfort for a couple weeks there as you go into the new season, Pollen block is an incredible relief factor.
  And I'm just going to tell you, this is not a be-all end-all solution, but it acts immediately.
  As soon as you take it, whatever seasonal distress, it acts immediately.
  You're feeling better and there's immediate distress relief.
  It's incredible, pollen block.
  This has been one that we really struggle to keep on the shelves because when people that have seasonal distress learn about how effective Pollen Block is, they go there and buy it in bulk immediately.
  Knowing that the changing of the seasons is ahead and they're going to be stocked up on pollen block.
  But let me just give you another little hint here.
  Now I went to check to see if we have this in stock before doing this plug because we don't really talk about these things.
  There's so much on InfoWarsStore.com.
  I mean we don't even mention like 70% of the products that we have at InfoWarsStore.com.
  But one of the things you might experience when you're having seasonal distress like me is congestion.
  And the worst time to have congestion, if it's not when you're on air and you need to breathe, or exercising, it's when you're trying to sleep.
  For two reasons.
  It's well known that breathing through your nose when you're sleeping is, it's much better for your sleep pattern, it helps you get the REM sleep, it helps you stay asleep, and it's just, you want to breathe through your mouth, you don't want to breathe through your, you don't want to breathe through your mouth, you want to breathe through your nose while you're sleeping.
  In fact, some people tape their mouth shut to make sure that they can do this.
  Why am I telling you that?
  Well, when you have the seasonal distress and you have the congestion, it's impossible to sleep without breathing through your mouth.
  And it's, I mean, isn't it obnoxious and annoying?
  I have the secret to relief here, folks.
  Eucalyptus oil from Infowarsstore.com.
  Now, you're thinking, what?
  It's well known that eucalyptus helps open up your nasal passageways.
  Folks, I'm telling you, I went to bed last night and I was so congested, I mean, I couldn't breathe through my nose at all.
  Like, it was impossible.
  I couldn't breathe through my nose.
  And I laid down in bed and I was kind of tossing and turning and I was like, I can't, I'm not going to be able to sleep.
  I can't breathe here.
  And I remembered a trick that I learned and I just forgot about it, but I have the organic eucalyptus essential oils from InfoWareStore.com in my bedroom bathroom because I remember I learned this.
   Folks, if you're suffering from congestion before you want to go to bed, Take the organic eucalyptus oil from Infowarsstore.com.
  I just put a handful of it in my hand, you know, just a little hand puddle, we'll call it, and I just rub it.
  I just rub it like this all over my chest, and I mean within minutes, I'm breathing again through my nose and fell right asleep.
  Incredible relief.
  And is it not one of the most obnoxious things to try to sleep when your nose is congested and your nasal passageways are congested?
  Is it one of the hardest things?
  Restless sleep?
  You can't get to sleep?
  It sucks!
  So I'm telling you folks, Pollen Block for instant relief for seasonal distress is the best you're going to find.
  And if you're having trouble with congestion when you go to sleep, try the eucalyptus essential oil.
  Folks, it's so cheap.
  What is it, $15?
  It's so cheap for this fully organic, USDA organic eucalyptus.
  And you just rub it on your chest right before you go to bed, and you will be breathing through your nose within minutes.
  Within minutes.
  I'm telling you guys, this is like, we should probably even sell a combo pack of one of our sleep support formulas with eucalyptus essential oils.
  Because I'm telling you man, it just, it puts you right to sleep.
  And I think, do we sell lavender too?
  We might sell lavender oil too.
  While I'm on this plug, we're gonna do a deep plug here.
  We're going, this is a deep cut.
  You're going into InfoWars store deep cut plugs now.
  Lavender also well known to help with sleep, folks.
  If you're somebody like me that has trouble kind of calming down your mind, do we sell lavender, guys?
  I can't see.
  This screen's too far away.
  I don't have my other screen on, so we might not have it.
  But we should probably get some of that.
  But we should sell eucalyptus with a sleep aid, because I'm telling you, man, it just helps you so much open those nasal passageways and just get good breathing as you fall asleep.
  I'd give it a shot.
  Infowarsstore.com.
  And of course, it's your support there that keeps us on the air.
  All right, let's quickly do this before we go to this break.
  Joe Biden has asked about the situation in Taiwan last night.
  This has been a disaster for the White House, flip-flopping back and forth on their strategy.
   and they had to do it again after Joe Biden said this on 60 Minutes.
   13. What should Chinese President Xi know about your commitment to Taiwan?
  We agree with what we signed on to a long time ago.
  And that there's a one China policy and Taiwan makes their own judgments about their independence.
  We are not moving, we're not encouraging their being independent.
  We're not, that's their decision.
  But would U.S.
  forces defend the island?
  Yes, if in fact there was an unprecedented attack.
  After our interview, a White House official told us U.S.
  policy has not changed.
  Officially, the U.S.
  will not say whether American forces would defend Taiwan, but the Commander-in-Chief had a view of his own.
  So, unlike Ukraine, to be clear, sir, U.S.
  forces, U.S.
  men and women, would defend Taiwan in the event of a Chinese invasion?
  Yes.
  You know, it's frustrating that InfoWars is the only place that's going to tell you what's going on here, but think about it like this.
  Joe Biden is not the President, folks.
  When he says something on 60 Minutes and then the White House has to correct him, that tells you he's not in charge.
  And so, whatever you might think about the U.S.
  need to get involved with Taiwan, you also need to understand that the U.S.
  is currently at war with Russia, folks, in Ukraine.
  That's what's going on.
  So what are we about to be strung out in a war with Russia and with China?
  And how do you think that's going to go with the current leadership in our military?
  It's not good news, folks.
  All right, we've still got news to cover here on the Alex Jones Show plus Gerald Cilente in the fourth hour.
  But first, here's a quick message from Alex Jones.
  There are several ways to support this broadcast.
  And the biggest is by getting the fourth coin at 1776coin.com or patriotcollectibles.com.
  That is the man in the arena.
  Got a gladiator on the back.
  It's got Teddy Roosevelt on the front.
  It's the fourth coin, and just like NPR does, where they'll sell a ball cap for 50 bucks and a t-shirt for 100 bucks or whatever, this has a big markup on it because it's a piece of history, limited edition coin, to fundraise and fight the Democratic Party lawsuits and to keep us on air and to be successfully profitable in this bankruptcy so we stay on air.
  Do you understand?
  That's where we're at.
  So thank you for your support.
  I know we're in a depression.
  I know it's hard.
  It's your choice whether you want to keep us on air or not, but everybody should go to 1776coin.com right now and get the coin.
  It's a piece of history and you'll know you put up a fight.
   There's nowhere where you can more easily Make a donation and get a piece of history and a coin and know that you were part of the fight.
  You cannot find a place, and it's God's will that did this, not me, where we have more effect.
  We have world leaders listening.
  We have all the big podcasters listening.
  Everything we talked about 20 years ago has come true.
  Our credibility is incredibly high.
  That's why the enemies of freedom are in a rage, ladies and gentlemen, to shut us down.
  So get the Teddy Roosevelt coin now.
  When they're gone, they're gone.
  1776coin.com or patriotcollectibles.com.
  You can also get signed fundraiser books, only place to get them, at infowarshore.com.
  The Great Reset and War for the World.
  You also have unsigned copies at infowarshore.com if you just want copies to give friends and family.
  I get a signed copy for yourself.
  And then do your Christmas shopping and be done with it.
  Months ahead.
  Don't fight the crowds.
  Don't fight all the crap.
  This is do or die time, folks.
  And I'm going to explain it again.
  If you let the new world order take over, if you let them continue their design collapse, it's here.
  It's not coming.
  You're going to wish later you'd done something now.
  So there you go, ladies and gentlemen, it's the latest collectible coin.
   You can go directly to 1776coin.com or Infowarestore.com to get your hands on this Collectible.
  All right.
  A little bit more here on the Biden News Front.
  Big tech ramps up censorship in wake of Biden's white supremacy summit.
  And so, you know, they're going to do a whole summit on white people because, you know, they're racists.
  And this is already after the FBI whistleblowers have come forward saying that the FBI's number one agenda is to get white people.
  So, uh, yeah.
  Trump supporters, white people, Christians.
  That's objective number one, two, and three on our corrupt government's list, on our tyrannical, fascistic, totalitarian government's list that is controlled by the Democrat Party right now.
  And even though there is no white supremacy that's out there, that's a threat to anybody.
  That's their number one concern.
  And so if they can't find any white supremacists, then they'll manufacture the cause like Jussie Smollett or some of these other hate crime hoaxers that we have out there.
  And they're going to be looking at your video games.
  DHS to spend almost $700,000 of taxpayers' money on studying extremism in video gaming.
  Yes, that's the problem here, is people playing video games.
  That's what Americans are threatened by.
  Extremism in video gaming.
  Because, you know, those teenagers playing online might have used a racial slur.
  Ooh, look out.
  A teenager playing Madden online or Call of Duty might have said, Fag!
  Oh my gosh!
  You know, this whole thing is so hilarious to me, because it's treated like a criminal act now, if a white person says the N-word.
   And while, I mean, I think the common conclusion to land on here is we believe in free speech, There's all kinds of offensive words out there that if you run around saying, people aren't going to like you.
  And might be fighting words.
  And so you can choose whether you want to say that or not.
  You can choose whether you want to be portrayed as a jerk or not.
  Whatever the context may be.
  But I find it hilarious.
  For example, perhaps the greatest example even, is you had the Duke volleyball player, a black girl who played volleyball for Duke, make up a story claiming that she was called the N-word.
  Never happened.
  They reviewed all the private footage from that day with people recording on their phones and cameras.
  They reviewed their own security footage.
  They reviewed the television footage.
  They asked eyewitnesses.
  I mean, they did a full examination into this Duke volleyball player's claims that somebody called her an n-word.
  I mean, they did a full examination.
  Never happened.
  The girl made it up.
  But, okay.
  Let's say someone did call her the n-word.
  Let's say someone said the n-word and this girl heard it.
  Stop acting like that offended you.
  Stop it.
  If you're going to complain about people using the n-word, let's talk about the rap music industry.
  Shall we?
  Or, you know what?
  Forget about rap.
  Forget about people that use the n-word in movies and music.
  Forget about that.
  Let's just talk about sports.
  You ever been on a basketball court?
  You ever been on a football field?
  I would argue that the N-word might be used more than any other word.
  Now, do you hear any complaining about that?
  Is anybody raising ire about this racist word and it being used on sporting fields?
  Does anybody complain about that?
  I'm not aware of it.
  Folks, I've been on football fields from high school to the pro level, on the field during games.
  You know they're dropping inbombs.
  Kevin Garnett used to run up and down the NBA floor shouting the n-word.
  It's well known!
   In fact, Kevin Garnett was openly anti-white, racist against white people on the basketball court.
  Now, do I think Kevin Garnett is a racist because he says this crap on the basketball court?
  I don't know.
  He's an athlete.
  Maybe it's an intimidation thing.
  He's in the zone.
  I don't really care.
  I don't have any problem with whatever Kevin Garnett has to say.
  It doesn't bother me.
   I think it's hilarious To have a huge story about the N-Word potentially being used at a sporting event when it wasn't used, when you can tune in to any other sporting event and it's the number one used word.
  I mean, they have these pair-ad mics at sporting events to pick up long-range sound.
  And if you're listening to the game sometimes, they have a dump on it and you may, they've picked up on it now when they really started introducing this a couple years ago on television.
  And sometimes you'll hear, like, you know, the crowd chatter or the vocal chatter on the field, and then all of a sudden it'll go silent.
  You know why that is?
  It's because they're cursing and saying the N-word.
  And they used to not have that sound on a different line.
  It used to be on the same line, and they couldn't black it out without cutting off their own commentary.
  So they put it on a different line now so they can cut that out.
  So when they first introduced that about five years ago, folks, you watch a basketball game, you watch a football game, you're hearing inbounds left and right.
  Nobody complained!
  Nobody said racism, nobody had an investigation, nobody wanted to know who said it.
  But then one girl makes up that she's the victim, somebody said it, whole investigation into it never got said, and it's like a huge story.
  It's just more clown world stuff.
  But hey!
  Yeah, look at this.
  It's not that hard to find Kevin Garnett using the n-word.
  Who cares, man?
  Get offended, don't get offended, say it, don't say it.
  Let's just stop, it's just, it's an unequal application of outrage is what it is.
  And that's, again, if it can't be applied universally, it's not logic, it's propaganda.
  So all this complaining of the N-word is just more anti-white propaganda.
  But oh!
  The FBI's looking for white supremacists everywhere they can't find them.
  But meanwhile, New Orleans becomes the murder capital of America!
  Mostly black people getting killed by their black people.
  No investigation there.
  New Orleans mayor says $30,000 in taxpayer-funded flights to Europe was for her safety as a black woman because you know her city is so unsafe so she has to take your money to hire security.
   Alright ladies and gentlemen, David Icke, another one of the great prophets of the New World Order coming into existence in our lifetime, gave an epic speech this weekend in London.
  Now, we have the full speech available at Band.Video, but we're going to air about half of it right here on the Alex Jones Show, ahead of Gerald Cilente taking over the fourth hour.
  And then I will be back hosting the War Room, 3 to 6 p.m.
  Central Time at Band.Video, covering the rest of the news I didn't get to today.
  It's going to be a very news-heavy broadcast.
  Perhaps we'll take some calls.
   But in the meantime, Before Gerald Cilenti takes over, here is David Icke this weekend in London.
  Well, well, bloody well.
  How appropriate, how apt, that we should stand here today next to the Bank of England.
  In one of the global bellies of the beast.
  The City of London Financial District.
  The Square Mile.
  Yes.
   and how, how apt too, that we gather here today in this belly of the beast,
   while in other parts of this city millions come together to pay homage and exalt
   a very symbol of their oppression and enslavement. And that's why I want to emphasize today
  where all this is actually coming from.
   Where Covid came from, the jab came from, human-caused global warming nonsense has come from, the Ukraine narrative and now the eulogization by so many millions of a royal family that is the head of state only because of who had sex with who within one family.
  It is nonsensical.
  It is a expression of the very hierarchy so run from places like this that has held humanity in servitude for known human history.
   Of course Of course, the demonic faces on these banners must face justice for their mega crimes against humanity.
  And we must not rest until they do so.
  Hancock, Whitty, are all of them.
  Yes.
  Midazolam Matt Hancock.
   Still at large, a man who oversaw the mass murder of the elderly in the spring of 2020
   with an end of life drug called midazolam, who then called it the first wave of Covid
  when it was the first wave of democracy.
  Murder, mass murder by the state.
  Hancock, Whitty, Valance, Javid, Johnson, Van Tam.
  Yes, they must face the consequences for their actions.
  But it goes much bigger than them.
  They are not the architects of mass murder and mass patrol.
  They are the gophers.
   the agents, the accomplices of something much greater that hides in the shadows in places like this, the square
   mile, run by secret societies of pure, bloody evil.
  And I say this to the...
  Police forces of these lands.
  It is to your shame in extremis that you have stood by and continue to stand by while your fellow humans are murdered.
   And not only that, not only that, you then protect And keep from justice the very people who are doing the murdering while at the same time you abuse, seek to silence and marginalise those with the moral courage and the awareness to challenge the murder and expose the murder.
  You in uniform are not there primarily to protect the people.
  That is a myth.
  You are there to protect those from whom the people need protecting.
  Where is your self-respect?
  Where is your awareness of what you do?
  But we can talk about the oil rags of this tyranny.
   We must never forget the engineers because Like I say, these people, even Suave and Gates, higher up the hierarchy as they may be, are still gophers for a force, a network, that spans the world.
  And works through apparently individual governments to the same sinister, satanic end.
  And places like this is where they operate from.
   The plan is this, which is why we must, yes, focus on the Gophers and the oil rags for their part in this, but we must not lose sight of where it's coming from, because the plan is To create the unfolding catastrophe for humanity that's happening all over the world and this winter we've seen nothing yet with the energy crisis, where people on fixed incomes and no incomes will have to choose between food and warmth.
  I wonder if Charlie Boy will be doing that.
   So the idea, as it started with lockdown and continues now with the destruction of the economy through the massive increases in energy and fuel, The idea is for people in individual countries, quote, to blame their governments and their gophers in government for everything.
  Because the idea then is having dismantled our lives and our ability to put food on the table and warmth in our homes.
  That the other level of the cult, via its corporations, its banks, yes, and its politicians, political people who are controlled by them, to come forward and say, look at the mess that governments have made of your lives.
  But we are now going to step forward, we the corporations, the banks, the billionaires of the cult, to save you from what your governments have imposed upon you.
   When those same people from the background have been orchestrating the catastrophe via those governments and gophers in government.
  It is a mind trick that they are seeking to play.
  It's in their bloody documents and we mustn't buy it.
  We must see the gopher's responsibility but we must also see where it is coming from.
  So yes, they must face the consequences.
  But we must understand the game that is playing us and cease to take part.
  And there's another mind trick that we must always be aware of.
  And that is that we are manipulated in our anger, in our fury of what is being done.
  I'm going to say this front and center, right up front.
  I'm leaving it all on the field.
  I love my crew.
  I love you all.
  We are in a Chapter 5 bankruptcy to be able to show we're solvent, but then show the courts we don't have all these extra money that the Democrat Party law firms are suing for.
  So this organization coming out of Chapter 5, InfoWars and Free Speech will operate basically forever.
  Because we'll just have a plan on what can be paid to these people versus what they're claiming we have.
   And then you're truly Basically won't get paid or a very small amount.
  That's fine.
  I don't care about that.
  I want to stay on the air But if we don't make it through chapter 5 in the next 5 weeks It's a 13-week process.
   We're already 7 weeks into it Then this place is going bye-bye So we are right there ladies and gentlemen on the cusp All you got to do is go to info war store comm there's not a better place to fight the new world order and get the great products ladies and gentlemen Fiber greens, the highest quality greens you're going to get from wheatgrass, more concentrate.
  It's back in stock.
  50% off.
  Diet Force is amazing, back in stock.
  40% off.
  Brain Force Plus, back in stock.
  50% off.
  We have the Immunity Supercharger Trifecta DNA Force.
  Vitamin C with zinc and the D3 gummies, highest quality.
  Back in stock together.
  A trifecta, you better be taking this fall and winter or you're crazy what's going on to boost your immune system.
  It's 50% off.
  Please go there now and keep us on air.
  It's never going to get any better.
  Don't look for it.
  Be happy with what you got.
  Because the owners of this country don't want that.
  I'm talking about the real owners now.
  The real owners.
  The big wealthy business interests that control things and make all the important decisions.
  Forget the politicians.
  The politicians are put there to give you the idea that you have freedom of choice.
  You don't.
  You have no choice.
  You have owners.
  They own you.
  They own everything.
  They own all the important land.
  They own and control the corporations.
  They've long since bought and paid for the Senate, the Congress, the state houses, the city halls.
  They got the judges in their back pockets.
  And they own all the big media companies, so they control just about all of the news and information you get to hear.
  They got you by the balls.
  They want obedient workers.
  Obedient workers.
  People who are just smart enough to run the machines and do the paperwork, and just dumb enough to passively accept jobs with the lower pay, the longer hours, the reduced benefits, the end of overtime, and the vanishing pension that disappears the minute you go to collect it.
  And now they're coming for your social security money.
  So they can give it to their criminal friends on Wall Street.
  It's a big club.
  And you ain't in it.
  And you said recently, quote, when you give, they do whatever the hell you want them to do.
  You better believe it.
  So what specifically did they do?
  If I ask them, if I need them, you know, most of the people on this stage I've given to, just so you understand.
  A lot of money.
  You and I are not in the big club.
  The owners of this country know the truth.
  It's called the American dream because you have to be asleep to believe it.
  But I'll tell you what they don't want.
  They don't want a population of citizens capable of critical thinking.
  They don't want well-informed, well-educated people capable of critical thinking.
  They're not interested in that.
  That doesn't help them.
  That's against their interest.
  That's right.
   From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones.
  
   Patriot political candidates are seeing the biggest political contributions in U.S. history.
  history.
  People know we need good leaders in that'll stand against this like DeSantis.
  Florida Governor Ron DeSantis breaks gubernatorial fundraising record.
  That's good.
  But who created the talking points and the understanding of the enemy battle plan that now everybody from Tucker Carlson to Joe Rogan to you name it cover?
  We did.
  We are close to implosion, and this fight is intensified right now, and we need your support, and I thank you for your support, but I need you to understand, in this war, if you want to win, we've got great products you already need.
  Go to Infowarsware.com, because we are the political brain trust of the fight.
  The Immunity Supercharger, going into the fall and winter, everybody needs.
  This DNA Force Plus, super dose of high-quality vitamin C and zinc, and vitamin D3 with calcium.
  All three products together are 50% off at InfoWareStore.com.
  You need this product already, and it funds the Tip of the Spear.
  Please go to InfoWareStore.com.
  I'll be right back.
  
  People ask me all the time, "What is your best nootropic?"
  You've got TurboForce, you've got BrainForce Plus, and you've got BrainForce Ultra.
  Which one is better?
   And that's like asking What's better, a Ford F-150, or a Cadillac, or a Ferrari?
  It's different strokes for different folks.
  It varies.
  All three are different formulas.
  All three do different things.
  Turbo Force is ten hours of clean, out-of-control energy.
  I can't even take a whole pack myself.
  BrainForce Plus is a long-term acting clean nootropic.
  This BrainForce Ultra is a super fast acting nootropic that creates incredible clarity but doesn't last very long.
  They're all three different formulas.
  And finally, back in stock, massively discounted, BrainForce Ultra is available at InfoWarsTore.com.
  BrainForce Ultra, back in stock, InfoWarsTore.com.
  Hey, great being on the Alex Jones Show!
  Remember everybody, do what you can to support InfoWars.
  We need this information now more than ever.
  Things are going down hard, they're going down fast, and they're going down big.
  And censorship is the way of the world.
  You're not allowed to say what you want to say, believe what you want to believe, do what you want to do.
  We're in America.
  A-M-E-R-I-K-A.
  That's right.
  Got little clowns telling us what to do.
  I gotta tell you, Republicans and Democrats, I call them repulsive-kins and demo-craps.
  Ah, we need a whole new way.
   All it is is more of the same junk in a different junk food.
  What, do you want to go to McDonald's or do you want to go to Burger King?
  Yeah, Republicans and Democrats.
  That's the way I look at it.
  I've had it with these clowns.
  I've had it.
  And going on to what's going on, you know, they had George Carlin over there.
  You know, I knew his brother Patrick.
  He used to actually work for me for a while.
  Patrick Carlin.
  He just passed away.
  May he rest in peace.
  And George Carlin said it.
  It's one big club and you ain't in it.
  That's all it is.
  What do you think?
  You go to Harvard, Princeton, Yale.
  Bullets, bombs, and banks.
  Where the Deejahs shall know them.
  Oh, you remember Princeton?
  Yeah, the little arrogant boy, where you rot in hell.
  Woodrow Wilson, the former president.
  Gave us World War I. Gave us the Federal Reserve.
  Gave us taxes, federal taxes.
  Can you believe we paid federal taxes to these little clown bureaucrats?
  These little power-hungry freaks that can't get a job in the real world.
  Then they suck into the political system and tell us everything to do.
  It's a crime syndicate.
  There it is.
  I mean, who are you going to look up to?
  Mitch McConnell?
  How many chins do you need to look up to him?
  Lindsey Graham?
  Could you get a more arrogant little jerk clown than him?
  Yeah.
  How about Chucky Schumer?
  No, no, no.
  I like, I like that guy Schiff over there.
  Yeah.
  How about Nancy Pelosi?
  Look at, look at, look at the clown show you got.
  If we don't have a new way, it's just more of the same, going down big, going down hard, going down fast.
  Little Chucky Schumer!
  A clown jerk of zero!
  Of zero!
  I'll tell you what to do!
  America!
  What a disgrace this country's become!
  People eat crap!
  And swallow crap!
  Ultra-processed, huh?
  Yeah, ultra-processed out of their mind!
  Blimped up and blown out!
  Republicans and Democrats, shove it!
  Shove it!
  Oh, you like little Georgie Bush?
  I love that little daddy's boy!
  He gave us the Iraq War!
  Based on lies!
  I like Obama, the Nobel piece-of-crap prize winner!
  I like Bill Clinton.
  Look at that little jerk!
  Mission accomplished!
  Murder accomplished!
  Hey, those Russians, oh boy!
  They killed a five-year-old kid over there in Ukraine!
  Yeah, the United States only killed over a million in Iraq.
  Destroyed Afghanistan!
  Hey!
  The Nobel Peace of Crap Prize winner Obama gave us the Libyan War!
  Destroyed the richest country in Africa!
  I want that guy Qaddafi out of there!
  No, Salenti, calm down and be proper like they are!
  Qaddafi has to go.
  We're bringing freedom and liberty there.
  Yeah, we're not going there because they have the most prosperous oil in the world.
  You don't have to dig down too deep to get it.
  And it's great stuff.
  Same reason we invaded Iraq!
  Same reason we're in Eastern Syria!
  Stealing their oil!
  Nocellente?
  Their major export is broccoli.
  We didn't go there.
  We brought there to bring freedom and democracy!
  What a bunch of crap!
  What a bunch of crap and crap heads leading the charge.
  Yep.
  Hey, and it's not only in the United States.
  You got this woman over there in, uh, playing a commissioner over there of, uh, the EU.
  Ursula von der Leyen.
  Former German defense minister?
  A medical doctor?
  Assume the role as President of the European Commission?
  And she said, I want to make it very clear, the sanctions on Russia are here to stay?
  I WANT TO MAKE IT VERY CLEAR!
  I AM IN CHARGE!
  I WANT TO MAKE IT CLEAR!
  YOU ARE NOTHING!
  YOU ONLY GIVE US MONEY SO I DON'T HAVE TO WORK!
  I want to make it clear!
  What do you mean you want to make it clear?
  Hey!
  I thought you have a democracy, where the people want to make it clear.
  What do you mean?
   I was the German Defense Minister, and now I am the head of the European Commission, and I want to make it clear that the sanctions we put on Russia Are destroying our country and the people are paying the price because we cut off their gas.
  Yep.
  She vowed.
  This is the time for us to show resolve!
  Not appeasement?
  Oh, not appeasement?
  You piece of crap!
  If only women were in charge!
  I'm tired of that crap!
  Shove it!
  Oh, you liked Hillary Clinton?
  She was great!
  No, I like Samantha Power.
  Oh, terrific!
  Oh no, Susan Rice.
  How about Condoleezza Rice?
  I want that guy Qaddafi out of there.
  Oh, Condoleezza Rice gave us the next mushroom cloud crap.
  And Susan Rice wanted Qaddafi out of there along with Samantha Power and Hillary Clinton.
  Black, white, green, yellow, male, female, shove it!
  Good and bad comes in all of them.
  What, are you kidding me?
  No appeasement!
  No peace!
  I am the... Oh, and now Germany is bragging that they have the biggest military in Europe.
  Heil Hitler!
  He would have loved ya!
  Yeah!
  Oh, I love the First World War better!
  Oh, who did you support over there?
  Who supported you?
  Oh, those, uh...
  Those, uh, Ukrainian Nazis?
  Aw, she must be happy as can be!
  Yeah!
  My kinda town!
  Yep.
  it.
  On Wednesday, she stood in a yellow and blue outfit!
  Dressed up like a clown for Ukraine!
  It's not my war!
  And it's not your war!
  It's between Russia and Ukraine, and it's been going on since 1750.
  They want to take down the statue of Catherine the Great.
  She hated the Ukrainians.
  That's in the 1700s.
  Yep.
  This is not only a war unleashed by Russia against Ukraine.
  This is a war on our energy.
  Yep.
  On our values.
  
  And a war on the future.
  This is about autocracy against democracy.
  Duh!
  Duh-mocracy!
  I want!
  I will!
  That's not duh-mocracy!
  Clowny!
  It's a freak show!
  And if we don't have a new system, we're freaked out.
  And I'm spelling it just to be proper, because you gotta put a U in there.
  Yeah.
  So we're gonna be back.
  And remember, support InfoWars.
  Hey, great being on the Alex Jones Show.
  And remember everybody, do what you can to support InfoWars.
  Because they're supporting you.
  And it's stealing the truth from us.
  It's gone.
  This is, this is the, the U.S.S.A., the United Soviet States of America.
  What they've done to us.
  How dare, how dare you say anything that the government won't allow you to, when you don't agree with the crap that they're spewing out.
  That's misinformation.
  And I say that's sexist by calling it misinformation.
  Why, it should be gender information.
  Because let's really stay stupid.
   And talking about staying stupid, Biden.
  The pandemic is over.
  This is from the Cartoon News Network, CNN.
  By the way, CNN, it went on this morning.
  You know, I go to all the different sites, see what they're saying, what's going on.
  And all it was, was the whole front page was, they're burying the queen.
  Yeah.
  What do I care?
  Queen.
  What a bunch of baloney this is.
  And again, the reason they do that is so that you look up to the top.
  As George Carlin again said, it's one big club and you ain't in it.
  Pelosi's going to what?
  One of those countries over there.
  I forgot where.
  Just got there.
  They're fighting Azerbaijan and Armenia, one of those two.
  Anyway, they show the picture of her getting out of the plane, and they got a red carpet rolled out.
  They got a red carpet rolled out for her.
  I think she went to Azerbaijan or Armenia, one of those two countries.
  Just a couple of days ago.
  A red carpet.
  What's this red carpet crap?
  And what are you doing over there?
  How about minding your own damn business?
  We've got a lot of problems in this country.
  Man, I gotta tell you, the homeless people that are showing up over here, out of their mind, yelling and screaming.
  Yep.
  Why don't you mind your own business?
  Who are you to get involved in this?
  This isn't America anymore.
  Getting involved in all these foreign entanglements?
  While enriching the military-industrial complex?
  Biden, U.S.
  forces will defend Taiwan if China invades.
  Hey!
  Are you going to send Hunter to lead the charge?
  Who are you going to send?
  Oh, I got it.
   Are the United States is going to Defend?
  Taiwan?
  Hey, did a great job in winning the Vietnam War.
  No, no, I know.
  You lost that one, but you did a great job in winning the Iraq War.
  Nope, you lost that one too.
  Oh, mission accomplished.
  I forgot.
  Oh, the Afghan War that everybody forgot about because the United States has been pumping up the Ukraine War that went on for 20 years.
  That cost us over two trillion bucks.
  Oh, you lost that one too.
  But the United States is going to defend Taiwan?
  U.S.
  President Joe Biden made his comments during an interview on the 60 Minutes program.
  When asked on whether the U.S.
   forces would defend Taiwan if China invaded the island, Biden said, yes, if in fact This was an unprecedented attack.
  You mean like America's unprecedented attacks?
  Clown boy?
  B.S.
  Biden?
  You loved every war, you warmongering freak!
  You're a warmongering freak!
  Hey, but you got all those draft deferments during the Vietnam War.
  A coward with a big mouth like the rest of them.
  One draft deferment after another.
  Oh, but you're a tough guy sending other people to go die for you.
  Yep.
  U.S.
  veteran suicides far higher than reported.
  Oh, that's great.
  America's military veterans are killing themselves at more than double the rate reported by the government, wiping out the equivalent of a platoon of former troops each day.
  An extensive study has revealed an average of 24 former service members are dying each day by officially declared suicides.
  37% more than has been reported by the U.S.
  Department of Veterans Affairs, according to a study released on Saturday by a not-for-profit group called America's War Partnership, AWP.
  An additional 20 veterans on average are dying each day of, quote, self-injury mortality, such as drug overdoses.
  You know why?
  Because these poor people that believe the lies and crap spewing out of the mouths of murderous little nothing clowns like Georgie Bush and Barack Obama sent them to go fight and die.
  The war is based on lies.
  What are we doing in Syria?
  Stealing their oil, Solenti!
  Grow up!
  We have no right being there!
  Oh, we're getting ISISes!
  We're gonna melt them!
  Hey, if Syria said we want to get, uh, people that hate us and they're hanging around in the United States, and they took over California, oh, we'd love that, wouldn't we?
  No, maybe they'll take over Texas.
  There's more oil down there.
  Where are the people standing up against this?
  Where is the fight for peace?
  I launched Occupy Peace.
  I put my money in my heart where my mouth is.
  And by the way, the rally we had here on July 23rd with Judge Andrew Napolitano, Scott Ritter, Gary Null, Bill Giraldi.
  We're fighting for peace.
  And if we don't unite for peace, we're going to die for war.
  You got crazy people.
  I just read you that Vanderlynne out of her mind or whatever she is, the arrogant one.
  I just read your clown Biden's line.
  Remember, when all else fails, they take you to war.
  And this economy is failing big time.
  It was artificially propped up to fight the COVID war.
  Some $8 trillion artificially popped into it.
  And now it's drying up.
  You're looking over in Europe, the UK, throwing an F and a U in it too, and it's trying some other letter.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, Sterling's at a 37-year low.
  The lunatic loony up there in Canada.
  It just hit a 20-20 low against the dollar.
  Oh, the euro?
  Oh yeah, that's at a 20-year low against the dollar too.
  The only reason the dollar is so strong is because everything else is going down big.
  And the dollar is going to go down big too.
  Again, if we don't unite for peace, we're going to die in war.
  So do everything you can to support InfoWars.
  Because they're doing everything they can to put out the truth.
  As are we with the Trends Journal.
  We're going to take a break now.
  We'll be right back talking more about the economy.
  Hey, thanks for being and having me on the Alex Jones Show.
  And again, you know, read The Great Reset if you want to see what's going on and what to do and how to deal with it, because it's really needed right now.
  And that's if you could read, you know, because people don't read anymore.
   There was an article about obsessively watching The news can make you mentally and physically ill.
  This is by study.com.
  Keeping up with the latest news can be very bad for your health.
  You know why?
  Because it's not news.
  All they do is sell hate, fear, and hysteria.
  It's not news.
  What difference does it make that the Queen died?
  She only made it to 96 years old.
  Why do I gotta hear this every day, day after day, week after week?
  That's why, that's why you need Infowars.
  And of course, that's why you need the Trends Journal magazine if you want to read history before it happens, if you need to know what's going on, what to do and what's next.
  Not this garbage.
   Again, according to a new study, Researchers at Texas Tech University found that Americans who obsessively follow the news are more likely to suffer from both physical and mental problems.
  Yeah, if you're listening to the Cartoon News Network, ABC, NBC, NPR, FU, you know what?
  Because that's all it is.
  It's sick crap.
  Swallow the crap, believe the crap, it gets sick.
  Those who are able to see beyond the shadows and lies of their culture will never be understood, let alone believed by the masses.
  This has been going on a long time.
  That's some Play-Doh.
  As Alex said, you know that, before I came on the air over there about prices skyrocketing.
  You ready?
  U.S.
  household income stalled last year, Census Bureau says.
  Stalled?
  No, it went down.
  Because inflation's skyrocketing.
  Oh, remember it was only temporary?
  And then transitory?
  And of course in the woke world, transgender-tory.
  We had transgender-tory inflation!
  It didn't know where to go!
  I didn't know when I was going up or going down!
  Yeah, the crap that spewed out of Powell's mouth, the Fed head, again, the gangster gangsters brought to you by Harvard, Princeton, Yale, Bullets, Bombs and Banks, Woodrow Wilson.
  And as Alex said, it's costing us more to live less.
  You ready?
   The index for electricity in the United States Climbed 15.8% over the same month a year ago.
  The biggest such 12-month increase since 1981, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
  Oh, the wages are down?
  I gotta tell you, man.
  Oh, I can't say, gotta tell you, man.
  I gotta tell you, woman.
  Oh, can't do that.
  Can't like the ladies.
  Anyway, I love the ladies.
  That's why the lady is a tramp.
  That was Frank Sinatra.
  Anyway, yesterday, you know, I went, all the local stores are closed down.
  They're only chains.
  Big Lot or whatever.
  Ollie's.
  Home.
  Depot, Lowe's.
  Every time I go into these places, my heart breaks.
  My heart breaks.
  Dollar General.
  Oh my God.
  I went into Dollar General to buy the old fashioned light bulbs because I don't like the new things.
  Narrow aisles packed with junk.
  And I'm so sorry for the people working there.
  They have no future.
  None.
  How sad I am to see how this country's been taken down by the bigs, by the Blackstones to buy up all the houses and rent them out to the plantation workers of Slavelandia.
  Like the finks, hedge funds and private equity groups that pay crap with taxes and screw us and buy up everything and run the show.
  This is not my America!
  Scum!
  Low-life pieces of garbage crap!
  Like Billy Clinton, did away with the Glass-Steagall Act.
  Carter, did away with usury laws and let banks go interstate.
  He only allowed intrastate before.
  They sold out this country.
  They've killed the Robinson-Patman Act, Germany Antitrust Act, Clayton Antitrust Act.
  That's why you don't have any small businesses anymore.
  The bigs have taken over everything.
  All we've become are plantation workers on the global plantation of slavelandia.
  The two-party system is a one-party crime syndicate!
  I don't want any of them anymore!
  I've had it with their crap!
  Don't forget to vote!
  Oh, I voted for a lesser of two evils.
  Oh, yeah.
  That's like saying, uh, she's almost pregnant.
  It's a crime syndicate.
  Yeah.
   This was a copy, a cover, of the Trends Journal Back when Bill Clinton got elected in 1992.
  We called it out from the beginning.
  Slick Willy.
  Slimeball, murderous, piece of arrogant scum.
  Hey, I'm the president.
  Can't talk about the president like that.
  The president is just below royalty.
  They don't pee and they don't poo.
  So you stop it, Salenti.
  Yeah.
  Pee or poo on what?
  Pentagon founders' big donation potentially saves them a billion dollars in taxes and shows how the wealthy aren't subject to the same rules as the rest of us.
  Now, this is an article that came out.
   This guy that's donating all that money to climate change, saving tons Billions in taxes, while we the people of Slavelandia bragging that they stole 80 billion dollars of our dough to hire more IRS freaks!
  So they can get every penny from we, the plantation workers of Slavelandia, while the billionaires get a free ride, and he spews out his crap about climate change.
  Hey!
  How about some money for peace?
  You pieces of crap!
  Not a penny!
  How dare you speak about peace, Solente?
  We only want war!
  We're war whores!
  Yep.
  United States sending what, 12 billion dollars of armaments to Jordan?
  Oh, that's great.
  What are we sending money over there for?
  Oh, sending billions of dollars of our money to arm Taiwan?
  What for?
  Why can't they arm themselves?
  Ain't my war.
  Oh, yes it is.
  Biden said it is.
   The military-industrial complex that Dwight D. Eisenhower, five-star general, speed commander of the Allied Forces, warned us about That they'll be robbing the nation of the genius science centered with the sweat of the labors and the future of the children.
  And here we are, boys and girls, and ladies and gentlemen, and children of all ages.
  The guy playing our defense contractor!
  U.S.
  Secretary of Defense.
  Where'd he come from?
  Raytheon, the second largest defense contractor.
  So that's what's going on.
  We're gonna be back in a few.
  Remember what you can do to support InfoWars.
  The future is in your hands.
  Don't drop it.
  Hey, great being on the Alex Jones Show.
  And don't forget to wear your mask!
  Remember that?
  Remember that stupid crap?
  Remember that?
   And you read these things about how the mask doesn't, uh... These masks do not eliminate exposure To the risk of any disease or infection.
  But make sure you wear them anyway, because... I'M THE GOVERNOR!
  I'M ARROGANT GAVIN NEWSOM!
  I'M WITNESS WHITMERE!
  I'M THE ONE OVER THERE IN OHIO!
  YOU COULD GET DUMBER THAN ME!
  WEAR YOUR MASK!
  BE YOUR MASK!
  Anyway... Listen... I keep telling people... Nobody ever talked about natural healing.
  The first book I worked on, by the way, back in 1984, was Natural Healing.
  They never mention about building up your immune system and getting strong to fight the COVID.
  Never.
  Not a peep.
  Only in medicine.
  Only from the drug dealers.
  So, if you're not in good health, you're not in a good head.
  And that's why you gotta get some of these products from InfoWars to help you.
  So you could fortify your body's natural defense.
  Particularly ahead of the fall, because you don't want to fall down as it gets cold and, you know, and winter comes on.
  So you gotta, you know, consider getting their Mega Immune Support Supplements.
  And if you get them now, you get 50% off.
  And today, they're launching a new sale on two recently restocked fan favorites, along with a brand new Supercharged Combo Pack, never seen before.
  InfoWars Life Vitamin D3 Gummies.
  Chew them away.
  It's back in stock.
  40% off.
  InfoWars Life Vitamin C Plus Zinc.
  Things I take every day.
  Back in stock.
  40% off.
  Immunity Supercharger Combo Pack.
  Vitamin C, Vitamin D3, and DNA Force Plus.
  50% off.
  These formulas, by the way, they're loaded with natural immune support boosters.
  And people have been asking for them, and you need them.
  Again, the better health you're in, the better you are.
  Again, you're in bad health, you're in a bad head.
  And they're going to sell out quickly again.
  So now is the time to secure your order.
  It'll be months before they get the next shipment before it arrives.
  So visit InfoWarsStore.com, InfoWarsStore.com and support the InfoWar as well as you and your family's health.
  Get up to 50% off right now and start supporting your natural immune system.
   And as I say, if you're not In good health, you're not in a good head.
  So do what you can now.
  Immunity support, supercharger, get them now.
  50% off and 25% off.
  Brain Force, Ultra, they got great deals.
  Do what you can to support InfoWars.
  And anyway, moving on.
  So do what you can because we got to keep the truth alive and they're killing it from us as they're killing us.
  Mortgage rates topped 6% for the first time since 2008.
  Okay.
  Property faces a slow reckoning.
  Yep.
  One after another.
  Where's this economy going?
  We are heading into the worst geopolitical and socio-economic crisis in modern history.
   The damage that they've done with the COVID war and the lockdowns Have destroyed the lives and livelihoods of billions, not millions, billions around the planet.
  Again, we write the details in the Trends Journal magazine week after week.
  Your average magazine is 150 pages plus and no ads.
  We're giving you everything we can to help you prepare for what's coming ahead.
  So let's look at the markets.
  Today they were way down and it just got my took a took to break it back up.
  The whole game is rigged.
  You got a few companies running the whole show.
  The Vanguards, Black Rocks.
  It's a rigged game.
  Interest rates are going to go up.
  This whole thing is going down.
  We had been warning about an office occupancy rates declining and what's going to happen.
  In the commercial real estate sector of office buildings.
  This is from the toilet paper record the New York slime.
  New York City pandemic jobs losses linger.
  New York City is still missing a 176,000.
  176,000 people in job.
   They go on to say New York City was particularly hard hit by the virus
  promoting business closures and employee vaccine mandates.
  That's a total lie.
  It wasn't.
  It was arrogant little stupid clowns like Bill de Blasio, Warren Wilhelm Jr.
  A slimeball who changed his name to his mother's name so he'll get the Italian vaults?
  Warren Wilhelm Moron Jr., a guy that's been sucking off the public, you know what, all his life, and demanded that the businesses close down?
  And arrogant Andy Cuomo!
  The daddy's boy!
  Mario's daddy!
  I'm renaming the Tappan Zee Bridge after my daddy!
  Your daddy's nothing!
  My daddy was Mario!
  And I'm renaming the bridge!
  And it's gonna cost you 30 million dollars!
  A slime ball that the Hollywood freaks, to show you what a freak show it is, gave him an Emmy Award!
  Calm down, Celenti.
  Close down your business.
  Go out of business and destroy the lives of everybody.
  You must obey!
  Hey, you get caught filling up anybody anymore?
  Oh, I think they just, uh, another woman came out against them.
  I'm the governor.
  I could do whatever I want.
  There are fewer than 1,250 fewer house cleaners in the city.
  That's just according to one local, the union.
  
  So it's a lot worse than that.
  So what I'm telling you is we are going into a socioeconomic and geopolitical crisis, the likes of which we've never seen.
  And again, going back to the moron crap scum shooting out of their mouth that we're supposed to swallow.
  I started talking about before that Biden said he believes the COVID-19 pandemic is over.
  It wasn't a pandemic, it was a COVID war launched by politicians.
  But because of B.S.
  Biden believes it all, then I gotta believe it!
  Because if you believe in the Queen, and you look up to the King, here King, here boy, come on!
  Come here, sit, give me a paw, down, roll over, King.
  Screwed!
  What are you kidding me?
  King.
  I'll be King for a day.
  What are they worth, 30 billion dollars?
  There he goes.
  That's the cover of the Trends Journal brought to you by Anthony Frieda.
  Brilliant, brilliant artist.
  Here, King, here, boy.
  No, I'm royal.
  I don't pee and I don't poo.
  So you got a clown like Biden.
  I'm trying to tell you they do this so we take orders from these jerks.
  The pandemic is over.
  We still doing a lot of work on it?
  What work are you doing on it?
  WHAT WORK ARE YOU DOING ON IT?!
  You ready?
  This is how they keep selling the pandemic lie, rather than what really happened.
  The politicians destroying our lives and the economy.
  Kate Soper's work, like that of so many other artists, was disrupted by the pandemic.
  This is from the Toilet Paper Record in the Arts section.
  This week.
  Who wrote this?
  Music Review by, uh... What was his name again?
  I can't see his name.
  Gotta be in some place.
  Ah, Seth Waltz.
  Yep.
  What pandemic?
  Pandemic didn't close it down.
  Politicians closed it down.
  They're blaming everything on the pandemic.
  Dictators closed it down.
  Not the pandemic.
  But this is the way they're rewriting history.
  And again, where were the artists to fight this?
  And again, that's what I said last week with Van Morrison when I met with him.
   Calling out the cast of, quote, celebrities telling us what we're supposed to feel Morrison said they are being used as mouthpieces for the government to sell the people what they are peddling.
  He said it is becoming rare nowadays to find an artist who is not afraid to speak out against what is being widely accepted as groupthink.
  And that's why we have to change.
   Support Infowars, support the Trans Journal and support Van Morrison.
  I'm going to shoot you straight right now.
  right now because the truth is king.
   Many of the Infowarsstore.com products, many of the Infowars live products are the very
  best available anywhere.
  But the case of Brain Force Plus, it's not.
   No Brain Force Plus is not the best nootropic, the best brain pill in the world.
  You know why?
   Well, imagine if you had the Kentucky Derby or the Indy 500, or five or six horses tied
  with that photo finish, their nose is exactly the same.
   Or imagine a race car race where three or four race cars all went across the finish
  line at the exact same time.
  Now that's never happened.
  But in the case of these supplements, it has.
  You know why?
   Because we went out to the top manufacturers in the country, we looked at the tests and
   the research, and we said we want the most powerful brain pill available.
  And we learned.
   that this brain pill is put out by at least four companies under different names and it is the best the highest rated for clean focused clarity and mental energy so you can get this under other names at least three other places but here's why it's different our pill that is not number one but is in the top four is at a lower price at Infowarsstore.com. They are selling this exact same pill
  for up to $100.
   We're selling it for well less than half that price and this funds the InfoWar.
   So that's a winner. Yes, we're tied in this horse race, in this race car race, but we're
  doing it for a lower price.
  That's why BrainForce Plus is so amazing.
  So get the recognized number one brain pill in the world, BrainForce Plus that funds the InfoWar at 50% off, finally back in stock at InfoWarStore.com.
   On April 23rd, 1910, The iconic American president who busted up the Rockefeller Trust in America gave his incredibly historic speech, Citizen in a Republic.
  It was the man in the arena's speech that sent shockwaves throughout the world.
  And I live by this creed.
  I'm about to read to you just a short excerpt of the 30-plus minute speech he gave to over 5 million attendees in Paris, France.
  We have released a coin.
  That has Teddy Roosevelt on the front and a gladiator on the back.
  Discusses a citizen of the Republic and the man in the arena.
  And Info Wars and everything we do is about the man and the woman in the arena fighting tyranny.
  It's the fourth coin in the series we've offered at PatriotCollectibles.com or 1776coin.com.
  There are only 10,000 of this coin available.
  Ladies and gentlemen, this coin is funding our operations as men and women in the arena.
  Let me read to you part of his famous speech.
  It's not the critic who counts, not the man who points out how the strong man has stumbled, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better.
   The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood, who strives valiantly, who errs, who comes short again and again, Because there is no effort without error and shortcoming, but who does actually strive to do the deeds, who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotions, who spends himself in a worthy cause, who at best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be amongst the cold and timid souls who know neither victory nor defeat.
  This is the man in the arena coin.
  Only $10,000 in the world.
  Get yours now at 1776tocoin.com and take the info or the next level.