And look, the Trump story is the big story.
  That's just a sign of where we're at.
  That's all it is.
  It's a sign of where we're at.
  It's a sign of how corrupt the Democrat Party is.
  It's a sign of how corrupt the mainstream media is.
  It's a sign of how corrupt our federal bureaucracies are.
  It's a sign of how corrupt these prosecutors, Soros prosecutors and attorneys are.
  But we already knew that.
  So are we just going to watch them take over now?
  You know, we tend to not fully appreciate or understand history because we didn't live it.
  But, you know, Hitler did get into power.
  Hitler was elected into power.
  Hitler and the Nazis did have power in Germany for a decade.
  So, it happens, folks.
  It happens.
   Corrupt political parties Take and hold power and leave behind them massive bloodshed and suffering and tyranny and starvation and death.
  And that is the path this country is headed down right now under Joe Biden, the Democrat leadership, and quite frankly, the Republican leadership as well.
  And even if the Republicans aren't the bad guys, they're certainly not doing near enough.
  They're not having near a sense of urgency enough right now.
  It's Alex Jones.
  
  Tomorrow's News Today.
  Well, everybody knew it all along.
  
  But thanks to Elon Musk and Matt Taibbi and others, we now have the evidence.
  Yes, the Democrats lied about, well, pretty much everything.
  But specifically when it comes to the Hunter Biden laptop, specifically when it comes to the source of all of the censorship, we now have the truth.
   And Democrat voter Matt Taibbi has been one of the journalists exposing this, getting the behind-the-scenes access from Elon Musk, and he continues To be upset and disturbed at what he's finding behind the scenes with the Democrats' attack on the First Amendment, here is the latest disturbing developments from Matt Taibbi.
  Since we, you know, we found a whole bunch of communications just recently about in preparation for a hubbub they were all having at the Aspen Institute in 2021, where they were discussing ideas like the Restrict Act, which is being proposed for, you know, in response to TikTok.
  There's, I guess, the European Digital Services Act or whatever they call it.
  that they're thinking about for the EU.
   The ideas in both of these bills are sort of wish lists that have been passed around
  in this community for a long time.
   The governments want absolute, full and complete access to all data that these platforms provide.
   And then they want a couple of other things that are really important.
   They want to have the authority to come in and moderate, or at least be part of the process
  of moderation.
  And they also want, for people who are called like trusted flaggers, that's how it's described in the European law, they want those folks to have access to these platforms as well.
   And what they mean by that are these sort of outside quasi-governmental agencies who Tell these platforms what they can and cannot print about things like vaccine safety, right?
  And then we found out more about that, where they're openly talking about censoring true information.
  So yeah, we're still finding out a lot of stuff about this, and I think there is more to find, unfortunately, which is kind of disturbing.
   After that, they have people they call trusted partners who are allowed to make determinations
   about content or whose determinations they will take seriously.
   So yeah, I mean, this is all straight out of 1984, all this stuff.
  If you look at the Digital Services Act, it's a lot like the recommendations of the Aspen Institute, and it's got a lot in common with the Restrict Act here in the States.
   When you look at the sections about giving the government access to data, what they really mean by that
   is they want everything, every kind of content that's created on the platform has to be done
  in a format that can be algorithmically searched.
   So even video, or if you have like, you know, something, a conversational platform,
   they have to be able to automatically generate a transcript quickly so that whatever AI they're attaching
   to surveil and monitor people has to be able to look out for keywords quickly.
  And it's funny, we did a thing about this thing called the Morality Project, and they were upset.
  One of the things they were upset about when they were reviewing COVID information was that a worldwide freedom rally that was held last year, I think, or two years ago in Europe had been organized on Telegram.
  Where they couldn't search it.
  Where they didn't know it was coming.
  And so, like, that's part of their thinking.
  We don't want any more of those spaces where we can't search.
  We want everything searchable and we want it instantly searchable.
  So again, that's Democrat and longtime respected journalist Matt Taibbi exposes Democrat Party corruption, exposes anti-First Amendment activity.
  Testifies to Congress, and then the next day the Democrats send the IRS to his house to threaten, bully, and intimidate him.
  We all know what's going on, don't we?
  How much longer do we have to put up with this crap?
  Filling in for Alex Jones today, and we've got a loaded guest lineup.
  Pete Santilli joining us first hour to talk about a motion he's filed to stop this indictment of Trump.
  That he's trying to get the word out on.
  We've got Thomas Renz in the second hour with just devastating news.
  And we were hoping that we could avoid this.
  And it had been a major debate.
  Are they vaccinating our food supply?
  In other words, are they vaccinating the animals that we're going to eat with the mRNA jabs?
  And we had farmers on in the past.
  They said, nope, this isn't happening yet.
  Well, now it looks like it's happening.
  And Tom Renz has that breakdown for us in the second hour.
  And then in the third hour, Dr. Simone Gold, I mean, she can talk about the political persecution that she's endured.
  She can talk about the medical persecution she's endured.
  And so we've got news on that as well.
  But I got to tell you, as I'm getting ready for a long broadcast day today, plenty of news to cover.
  It's no problem there.
  I can cover news for 8 hours.
  I can cover news for 12 hours.
  It's fine.
  Just like a guy runs a marathon.
  Like, hey, have you run a marathon before?
  Yep.
  Okay, you're gonna run a marathon today.
  Okay, no problem.
  No, that's not the challenge.
  I got the video clips.
  I got the news.
  I got it all.
   The challenge is to be able to do it efficiently and effectively Without getting too emotional or without, quite frankly, getting too depressing at this point.
  Because I understand a lot of people tune in looking for inspiration, looking for hope, outside of just the information that we cover here every day.
  But I gotta tell ya, this is truly the darkest time in this country's history.
  And we might not suffer as much as generations past, if we're lucky.
  We might not suffer as much as generations past.
  But I gotta tell ya, we are going into an age of corruption in this country that is really so hard to believe, I don't really know how to properly lay it out.
  Because we've been laying it out here at Infowars for 20 plus years.
  And we're in it now.
  And so, whether it's the direct censorship of their opposition by the Democrat Party, we've got a bunch of news on that.
  Whether it's the political persecution of their opposition by the Democrat Party, obviously the Donald Trump story, we've got that.
  Now it's more clear than ever.
  We've been warning you right here in InfoWars.
  Now it's just out in the open.
  America is now being isolated geopolitically.
  Because of Joe Biden and the Democrat Party being so corrupt, so out of control, so out of their minds, with the war propaganda, with the trans kid pedophile propaganda, with the political persecution of their enemies, with the attacks on free speech, that the rest of the world is done, folks.
  They're done dealing with us.
  They're moving on.
  They're not using the U.S.
  dollar.
  They're not negotiating with Joe Biden.
   And I've got stacks of news on that today that Your American media is not going to get you properly prepared for what's coming.
  So, I mean, when we tell you to get prepared and get emergency food supplies or get prepared for whatever, in whatever other way, whatever that means to you, that's not me just coming on air saying, hey, we need to fund ourselves, get emergency food.
  I'm telling you, this country is in for a wallop.
  And you might just starting to be experiencing that.
  If you think 22 during the pandemic was bad, what's coming next is going to be even worse.
  I mean, there are mass layoffs happening all across the country right now.
  And Joe Biden and his administration goes out there and tells you it's the greatest economy ever.
  An obvious lie.
  So, what is the message?
  What has to be understood by the American people at a certain threshold for us to maybe stave this tyranny off?
  Stave this corruption off?
  Stave this authoritarianism off?
  I mean, I just try to put it simply.
  There's two things every American needs to understand.
  A liberal progressive democrat is lying to you.
  If a liberal progressive democrat is talking, they're lying to you.
  And that's why you notice so many are leaving the liberal democrat progressive ideology, they're leaving the democrat party, because they're not liars.
  And they can't lie, and they can't be a part of a lying, conniving, scheming, corrupt criminal party anymore.
  So that needs to be understood.
  And then behind that is even the bigger monster, and that's the globalists.
  And what you need to understand about the globalists is that they are here to depopulate and enslave the entire planet.
  Now once the American can have those two basic understandings of how the world works, we might be able to turn this thing around and save what we call America.
  We might.
  But until the average American understands that a liberal progressive democrat is lying to you, and that the globalists want a population control, depopulation agenda, digital enslavement of the planet, which you're starting to get a little sight, sounds, tastes of now.
  Until we have those two understandings, I just don't know how we recover.
  I don't know how we turn this ship around.
  And until we have men and women that are actually willing to do something about it, then you have to just take matters into your own hands and get prepared.
  Get out to the country, get emergency food, start growing your own food, start having your own energy sources.
  I'm serious, because that's how bad it's getting now.
  And they'll still find a way to shut you down.
  Don't worry.
  That'll just be a little safety net for you.
   That'll be like a little Safety raft, you know, air raft, whatever, for you.
  And I'm not saying don't do that.
  I mean, it's probably better than whatever's about to happen in major cities in the near future.
  But even then, they'll eventually come for you.
  They'll eventually raise property taxes to 1,000%.
  They'll take your farm.
  They'll take your house.
  They'll take your land.
  If you don't give your kids the lethal injections, they'll take your kids.
  They'll take you.
  This is where it's all going.
  So, I mean, even getting... And I get it.
   Like, I get the frustration with people that Will send me messages saying, hey, you need to tell people more solutionary stuff, you know, get out on the land, learn how to farm, learn how to have your own energy sources and all this stuff.
  Hey, that's fine.
  That's good.
  We do promote that.
  I'm just telling you, that's like a safety net.
  That will maybe give you an extra generation of freedom.
  Before the globalists come and steal everything and enslave you.
  So I mean, yeah, get out on the land and learn how to farm and everything and become self-sustainable.
  Absolutely, 100%.
  That'll give you at least probably one generation of extra freedom.
  But eventually, if we don't stop this Democrat Party, and if we don't build political walls around this country keeping the globalists out, then it won't matter.
  They'll come for you, too.
  So we're going to get into all the news.
  And look, the Trump story is the big story.
  That's just a sign of where we're at.
  That's all it is.
  It's a sign of where we're at.
  It's a sign of how corrupt the Democrat Party is.
  It's a sign of how corrupt the mainstream media is.
  It's a sign of how corrupt our federal bureaucracies are.
  It's a sign of how corrupt these prosecutors, Soros prosecutors and attorneys are.
  But we already knew that.
  So are we just going to watch them take over now?
  You know, we tend to not fully appreciate or understand history because we didn't live it.
  But, you know, Hitler did get into power.
  Hitler was elected into power.
  Hitler and the Nazis did have power in Germany for a decade.
  So, it happens, folks.
  It happens.
   Corrupt political parties Take and hold power and leave behind them massive bloodshed and suffering and tyranny and starvation and death.
  And that is the path this country is headed down right now under Joe Biden.
  The Democrat leadership, and quite frankly, the Republican leadership as well.
  And even if the Republicans aren't the bad guys, they're certainly not doing near enough.
  They're not having near a sense of urgency enough right now.
  You know, I'm not saying that the Trump indictment is a distraction, because it's a real...
  And it's a massive political development in this country that the Democrats just weaponize the government against their political opposition, whether it's the little guy, like the QAnon shaman, or whether it's the big guy, Donald J. Trump.
  But for me to sit here and obsess over Donald Trump is actually kind of pathetic.
  And it's pathetic that our nation is obsessing so much over Donald Trump.
  Again, I'm not saying it's not a big story.
  I understand how massive the ramifications of the Democrats weaponizing the government against their opposition.
  Is, but it's like you've got camera crews, you've got multiple helicopters following Trump's massive motorcade.
  They're waiting at the airport.
  They're probably going to track his plane all the way to New York and then there'll be cameras and drones and helicopters there too.
  It's like, oh my gosh, this massive thing followed Donald Trump.
  I mean, I can just sit here and point out all the hypocrisy.
  The same people that tell you need to stop man-made climate change are going to have multiple helicopters in the air today following Donald Trump's every move.
  They're going to be flying people from all over the world to cover this story, but they tell you to stop climate change.
  So they know how important this is to destroy Donald Trump, and they know their climate change nonsense is just that.
  They don't commit to their own propaganda.
   And I've got all the stacks of news stories, I'm going to cover it, but I mean, Folks, we're in a larger issue.
  We are being completely skipped over right now.
  And the world is moving on from the United States.
  I don't know how else to put it to you.
  The world is moving on from the United States.
  And the thing that has kept us so comfortable here, the petrodollar, is about to go away.
  So forget about your inflation.
  Forget about everything else that's going on.
  That's going to be ramped up double, triple, quadruple, quintuple when they stop using the petrodollar and the US dollar for international energy deals.
  Folks, the bottom falls out.
  The bottom falls out.
  And that's going on right now.
  I'll have to cover that later if we even have time.
  Pete Santilli coming up.
  Emergency motion filed with Judge Juan Marchand to stop prosecution of President Donald Trump.
  That's coming up in the next segment.
  Meanwhile, leftists meltdown after New York Times loses its Twitter blue checkmark.
  Now why am I telling you this?
   Well, because You have to understand the entire foundation of modern-day liberal progressive Democrat theology is that they are the assumed authority.
  They are the assumed moral high ground and they are the assumed authority over you.
  And that's why they love that blue checkmark so much.
  Because that separates them from you.
  They're more important than you.
  They're certified, you are not.
  They are deities, you are pond scum.
  And so for them to lose their checkmark is devastating.
  They need that verification badge over you.
  Just like in the video of the college professor.
  At a TPUSA event who says, we don't know the difference between men and women.
  There's no difference between their bones.
  There's no difference between their skeletons.
  An obvious lie.
  Any college class teaches that there are obvious differences between men and women.
  You learn that by the time you're in first grade.
  Probably even naturally.
  And a professor says, how dare you judge me?
  I'm an anthropology professor and I have a master's in anthropology.
  Well, you must not have learned much if you don't know there's a difference between men and women, specifically their skeletal structures and bone features.
  And so he gets laughed out of this room.
  But it's the same thing.
  I'm the New York Times.
  I have the blue checkmark.
  Oops, no you don't!
  And see, that respect has now disappeared.
  Now they feel empty.
  Same thing with that college professor.
  I have a Master's in Anthropology.
  Bow down to me.
  Ha!
  Look at the loser who thinks men and women are the same!
  Ha!
  Loser!
  But my degrees!
  But my advanced education!
  See, once they lose that facade, once they lose that blue checkmark, once they lose that prestige of the degree and holding it over your head, then all is lost.
  That's why they freak out over a blue checkmark.
  That's why they freak out when you don't respect their higher education.
  Because they need to laud it over you.
  They need to dominate you with it.
  Even though it's illegitimate.
  And once it gets shown that it's illegitimate, and you know it's illegitimate, and then they lose their power, they freak out.
  Jim Jordan.
  Trump indictment is about going after anyone who opposes the left's agenda and the establishment's agenda.
  He's 100% right.
  And I wish the Republicans would rally behind this and actually commit to stopping it.
  Jeff Van Drew.
  Former Democrat, now a Republican.
  Democrats afraid Donald Trump will take out corruption if he wins by 2024.
  Again, Jeff Andrew, a former Democrat, who left the party because he knows it's corrupt, is telling the American people that the Democrat party that he used to be a member of is scared that Trump is going to end their reign of corruption.
  He's telling you what's going on.
  You're watching Trump's motorcade head towards the airport right now.
  He's flying to New York momentarily.
  Mar-a-Lago evidence suggests possible Trump obstruction.
  Justice Department said to have more evidence of possible Trump obstruction at Mar-a-Lago.
  So they can't get him on the documents because Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton and George Bush and Obama and everybody else does the same thing with documents.
  And Judge Amy Berman Jackson said that you can't have anything classified from the President.
  There's no such thing as a classified document from the President.
  That was a Democrat judge that set that precedent.
  So now they're saying, oh, obstruction of justice.
  So an obvious lie.
   Chief investigator at Manhattan D.J.' 's office, Susan Hoffinger, previously donated to Biden and other Democrats.
  Oh, I'm sure there's no conflict of interest there.
  Trump refused to prosecute Hillary Clinton.
  Democrats have no such restraint.
  Bingo!
  That's the Federalist headline.
  Trump refused to prosecute Hillary Clinton.
  Democrats have no such restraint.
  Exactly.
  And I guess Trump either learned that the hard way or he wanted to give them a shot to show that they didn't have to be so corrupt.
  Well, now look at where he's at.
  Trump fundraising efforts after indictment pay off with over four million raised.
  It's actually over five million now.
  So this whole thing of, oh, it hurt Trump, it hurt Trump.
  Well, yeah, I mean, maybe he doesn't want to go through this, but as far as his campaign is concerned, it has not hurt that at all.
  If anything, it's helped it.
  Trump attorneys believe Soros-funded DA will impose gag order on Trump today, will prevent him from campaigning.
  I think the more likely scenario, I mean, that would be so extreme, I almost wish they would.
  I think the more likely scenario is they just say, you're not allowed to talk about this case.
  That's kind of a typical thing that they do.
  It's been done to me, it's been done to others.
  I think that's the more likely scenario.
  But go ahead.
  I hope they ban Trump from campaigning.
  Just keep showing us how corrupt you are.
  And then Trump's big mouth could send him to jail.
  So they are planning on gagging him.
  Just to what degree, we'll have to see.
  We'll talk with Pete Santilli next.
  Pete Santilli joins us.
  The story is live right now at petersantilli.com.
  Emergency motion filed with Judge Juan Marchand to stop prosecution of President Donald J. Trump.
  Pete, you have filed this today.
  Tell us what this is all about.
  I just caught the tail end as I was coming into the studio.
  I caught the tail end of what you were saying about why all this hullabaloo about President Trump.
  I absolutely agree with you.
  Don't respect, or not that I'm not going to vote for President Trump, but guess what?
  I've put the center of focus on myself.
  I've put the center of focus on we, the voters.
  And this is not about President Trump, because I'm here to tell you, nowhere in the U.S.
  Constitution does it say that a presidential candidate has constitutional rights.
  Now here's the issue.
  I'm already full-blown Trumpian.
  That's up to me.
  Shoot, if people want to vote for Barney the Purple Dinosaur, and, you know, Jim Jordan, the feckless, non-producing Fox News clipmaker, says, oh, they will go after anybody that's anti-establishment.
  No, they're going after us, folks.
  They want to remove my vote.
  Now, I'm going to mention my name, but anyone can subscribe to this.
  In 2024, I'm going to cast a vote for President Donald J. Trump.
  Why?
  Because it states very clearly in the Constitution that I have a right to do so.
  They keep saying that there's nothing in the Constitution that says we don't have voter rights, but guess what?
  The Declaration of Independence opens up very, very clearly that we hold these truths to be self-evident.
  That all men are created equal, that they are endowed by our Creator with certain unalienable rights.
  Those are God-given rights.
  That to secure our God-given rights, governments are instituted among men.
  That's us.
  That's us casting our votes, deriving their just powers from the consent of the government.
  Is that boring constitutional stuff?
  No, it isn't.
  In our Declaration of Independence, it even clearly states it's self-evident.
  It doesn't require any further discussion.
  So, I have filed an emergency motion.
  Why?
  Because you know what?
  Nobody has filed an emergency motion protecting each and every one of our God-given rights.
  This is not about President Trump, folks.
  This is about the establishment using the full force of every single government, using the media.
  They're going to do everything they possibly can to attack us.
  Jim Jordan is absolutely wrong.
  They're not attacking anybody who's anti-establishment.
  They're attacking we, the people, who are anti-establishment.
  And when we vote, our consent of the governed... Oh, and you know what the purpose of government is?
  There's only one.
  It's to protect our God-given rights.
  We vote for people who we think are going to protect our God-given rights.
  Right now, I only know of one person.
  I only trust one person, but that's me.
  But the bottom line is, what they're attempting to do is to take away my right to vote.
  So I filed this motion, and not because I want to threaten the judge or anything like that.
  I want them to do the right thing.
  I said, put a stay on the proceedings.
   Stop These proceedings still after the 2024 election.
  Because I'm already going to tell you I'm going to cast my vote in 2024.
  I have to wait until then.
  But here you are wanting to take away my vote well in advance.
  But if you can't wait, the alternative is, then let's hold an election right now.
  Tomorrow.
  Let's hold the election.
  Let's have everybody cast their ballots.
  Uh, let's have that vote.
  But you know what?
  President Trump right now, let's set his name aside.
  They're going after a presidential candidate.
  There's a lot of people who are going to...
  to vote for that presidential candidate.
  So they're not attacking somebody.
  And by the way, I also said in the motion, there is no circumstance whatsoever, nothing that could change whether or not I vote.
  If they say President Trump is guilty of 47 felonies, you know, administrative, whatever it is that they're bringing upon him, it doesn't matter.
  If he's in jail, I'm going to vote for him.
  I'm going to ask him to sign the first executive order.
  And here it is.
  There's a penalty for doing this, folks.
  And I'm taking a stand myself and I'm hoping to inspire other people because, you know, relying upon the mob, unfortunately, got us to this point because, you know, we didn't stand for our 2020 election.
  And January 6th, also, if we stand up and exercise our freedoms of speech, what happens to us?
  We get crushed for doing so and accused of being insurrectionist.
  Here's the penalty.
  For those that want to deprive us of our constitutional rights, and this is very serious, I'm not messing around.
  I'm already talking to an attorney who's very successful taking quick cases all the way to the Supreme Court.
   And we will be successful because there's a little known U.S.
  Code.
  U.S.C.
  Code 242.
  Essentially, deprivation of rights.
  And depending on the severity of them depriving our rights, up to and including, if they kill us, you know, like Ashley Babbitt, for instance.
  The penalty for violating somebody's constitutional rights, depriving them, is up to and including the death sentence.
  I'm not saying that this would be appropriate if they took away my rights to give them the death sentence.
  I wish that were the case.
  But there is a penalty and I plan to bring criminal charges.
  And it's a very serious thing.
  I do have standing.
  I can't represent everybody else.
  I do care about President Trump.
  I've already expressed that.
  That's my personal opinion.
  I don't want anyone else to care more about President Trump than our right to vote.
  And that's what I'm taking a stand on.
  I swore an oath as a United States Marine.
  I'm sick and tired of listening to all of the grifters, you know, wanting money for audits and paper ballots.
  I mean, you know, I want paper ballots, of course, but there's a way to do that.
  I'm sick and tired of kicking the can down the road.
  And here we are again.
  They're taking it away.
  They took away my 2020 vote.
  Now they're getting ready to take away my 2024 vote.
  And don't tell me if the judge responds and he's required to respond by noon tomorrow.
  Otherwise, I'm going to file and it's not non-threatening.
  It's a very, very respectful letter.
  Owen, I don't know if you've had a chance to read it.
  It's very respectful.
  We are respectful of the rule of law, which is exactly what I'm doing.
  The supreme law of the land.
  Is the U.S.
  Constitution, our Declaration of Independence, sets forth that voters, basically, that's the mechanism to show the consent of the governed.
  Okay?
  Our votership.
  And that the people in government are elected officials?
  Their power is derived by our votes!
  You can't go in and take away my vote!
   You know, Owen, have you ever heard them say, That every single vote matters.
  Every single vote counts.
  Don't you hear them say that?
  Over and over and over again?
  Boy, I sure do.
  Well, guess what?
  I'm taking a stand for mine.
  I'm not going to take a stand on behalf of everyone else.
  That's not, you know, that's not my role.
  My role is to stand up for myself.
  I hope everyone else joins me.
  But I'm going to tell you something right now.
  I'm not backing down.
  This is the hill that I'm going to fight on.
  And I don't say this to be overly dramatic.
  They're going to take away my, they took away my 2020 vote.
  They're going to take away my 2024.
  And then if they say, well, you can vote in 2024, you can vote for President Trump, well, guess what they're going to start doing tomorrow?
  Attacking the candidate that I already told them that I was going to be voting for.
  And they're going to attack him between now and 2024.
  And then just say, well, if we convict him, you know, you can still vote for him.
  Well, guess what?
  Then tomorrow they're going to start convincing everybody else around me.
  But they should not vote for President Trump because of the common criminal.
  The media is going to pile on.
  The judges are going to pile on.
  The New York courts are going to pile on.
  Georgia is going to come.
  I say right now we take a stand.
  If you deprive me, I've basically through this motion.
  Set forth that I'm going to vote for him and you're attempting to take that vote away and I'm asking the judge to intervene to stop it and to either delay the proceedings till after 2024 or conduct an election today.
  Start today as of the ruling.
  If those people choose not to do that, and they want to override my vote, I'm bringing criminal charges against them, and I'm not backing off of that.
  That is Pete Santilli.
  We're against the break.
  Don't go anywhere.
  We're going to be following up.
  Ladies and gentlemen, I've got breaking news for you.
  Donald Trump promised Hillary Clinton would be locked up and finally she's being charged.
  She's flying... Oh, no, that's Donald Trump.
  Oh, okay.
  I got you.
  That is Donald Trump being arrested.
  That is Donald Trump flying.
  I'm sorry.
  I thought they were going after the real criminals.
  I thought it'd be Hillary Clinton, you know, in government for 50 years and all the crimes.
  No, it's Donald Trump they're going after.
  That's right.
  I'm sorry.
  Sorry, guys.
  Geez, I thought the real criminals were going to jail and said it's Donald Trump.
  Pete Santilli is with us.
  He's standing up trying to do something about this.
  We were breaking this down in the last segment and I mean, there's two things, Pete, I want to respond to your last segment with and that's one, you know, I've never really, those words self-evident, as you were highlighting in the last segment, never really hit as hard as they are right now.
  Things that are self-evident are almost... What?
  What?
  What is even self-evident anymore?
  I mean, men can be women, but we can't define a woman?
  Gender-affirming surgery is reversing a child's gender?
  I mean, we want to talk about self-evident.
  Nothing is self-evident anymore.
  So everything kind of stems from that.
  I mean, that just shows you how they've just completely twisted and deceived the minds and the hearts and the souls of man, where nothing is self-evident anymore to us, Pete.
  You know, and that's why Joe Biden, it was a Freudian slip when he said, and you know the thing.
  And that's where the social engineering program comes from with these half-bakes and these transgenders and just every variation thereof.
  It's self-evident.
  A man is a man, a woman is a woman.
  And stop socially engineering us.
  You know what else is self-evident?
  And back to this one issue.
  And I've already expressed exactly what my bias is towards President Trump.
  That's me.
  If anybody out there, and I mean this so genuinely, listen, I was a United States Marine.
  If you wanted to vote for Che Guevara, I believe you're going to be outnumbered, but this applies to you as well.
  If you want to vote for Bernie Sanders, it is self-evident.
  That the consent of the governed, the people that go into government, get there by voting.
  It's self-evident.
  And for those that say your voting rights are not in the Constitution, it's because they stated it in the Declaration of Independence.
  It's self-evident.
  We hold these truths and the colonies backed it up.
  All 13 colonies said so.
  The laws thereof below were the laws that were to be delegated to the federal authorities.
  That constitution is mainly to keep the federal authorities with their delegated powers what we give to them.
  But we vote for people.
  Now listen, in communist Romania, okay, this is really, really important folks.
  Because we all know that communism is upon this nation right now.
  It's a Marxist revolution.
  There's a takedown, the likes of which we've never seen.
  And I don't know of anybody that consents to how we're being governed right now.
  This is not only an opportunity to stand up for our voting rights and to do so peacefully, but to also do the same thing that communist Romania did.
   Did you know that communist Romania fell Um, when a million, millions of people, tens of millions of people gathered together in a candlelight vigil, and stood in the gap between the dictator, Chow Chesky, and their way of life, and their religion, and their, their, their, everything that they believe in.
  And communism was pulverized.
  It fell.
  People actually died.
  They were prepared to die.
  I'm saying this right now, that candlelight vigil, I'm actually holding up this candle right now.
  I lit it.
  I said, I'm going to light the first candle here.
  I want everybody to join me peacefully.
  And exercise our First Amendment rights.
  And I want to assert that I'm going to stand up for my First Amendment rights.
  I'm going to speak out.
  I'm going to redress grievance.
  I'm going to stand up for my voting rights.
  I will also hopefully inspire others to do that.
  Hopefully they stand with me.
  And you know what?
  We're not going to back down.
  We will consent to the people that are governing over us.
  We have voting rights.
  They're trying to take them away.
  So if you want to vote for Che Guevara, you know what?
  You should defend my right to stand up for my vote for President Trump, because they're trying to take it away, no matter how much you hate.
  And even when we can both argue and say, why all this focus on President Trump?
  I want all the focus to be on each and every individual voter.
  You know what?
   The Department of Justice, Actually cites 18 USA 242 that says when you deprive an individual's constitutional rights, there are the strongest penalties like you wouldn't believe.
  So through this filing that I'm doing right now, then I want the Department of Justice and the people that govern over us and that run the courts to tell us whether or not that's even enforceable.
  I want to see it through this action here.
  Does the Constitution even matter?
  Do my voting rights even count?
  Does one vote and one person, one eligible voter, matter?
  I'm standing up for my vote, I'm standing up for my rights, and let's find out if it matters.
  Because if it doesn't, at least tell everybody, so we don't have to waste our time between now and 2024.
  Well, that's it.
  That's it exactly.
  It's this facade that the Democrats, oh, they'll talk about God when it's convenient to them, or they'll talk about the Constitution when it's convenient to them.
  They don't actually live by that.
  I agree.
  Hey, liberals, Democrats, just be honest.
  You don't believe in America?
  You don't believe in freedom?
  You don't believe in the Bill of Rights and the Constitution?
  At least be honest.
  You know, I would appreciate a little honesty when it comes to that, because that's obviously the case.
  By the way, President Trump's plane taking off right now.
  From Florida, it'll probably be landing in New York, I don't know what, about two and a half, three hours.
  We'll be covering it right here at InfoWars.
  You know, the other one, Pete, that comes to mind when I'm listening to you talk is I feel like we're in the boiling water metaphor right now, if you will.
  The water just keeps getting turned up hotter and hotter and hotter and hotter and hotter until, you know, we're basically boiled to death.
  And this is going back years.
  This is going back to whether it's the pandemic and all the suffering caused by that, whether it's the 2020 election fraud, whether it's the political persecution that continues to Donald Trump and his supporters.
  I feel like this is the boiling water, Pete.
  We're in the boiling water.
   And you don't realize you're in the boiling water until it's too late, except Maybe we've already reached that point.
  Maybe?
  I don't know.
  I mean, I'm just... I'm not trying to be black-pilled today.
  I'm honestly not.
  It's just... I just can't believe everything I'm seeing.
  A trans person murders people at a Christian school.
  The trans community is told they're memorialized.
  They're the victims.
  I've got Saudi Arabia, I've got all these foreign countries ditching the U.S.
  dollar, India, Mexico, Brazil, I mean, Japan now, even Japan!
  I mean, folks, this is our ally!
  Japan is one of our biggest allies, and even they're like, we're out!
  Like, I mean, we're in the boiling water right now, Pete, I mean, how do you, how do we get people to understand the seriousness of this?
  Yeah, you know what you do?
  You watch two things.
  Go on YouTube and pull a Bud Light video.
  Real Men of Genius.
  And remember that song it was playing?
  Oh, is it one of the best?
  One of the best commercials ever!
  This morning we woke up, and it wasn't that long ago, they were playing that Bud Light commercial.
  Now we got...
  What the heck is her name?
  Frickin' half-baked, now holdin' up Bud Light?
  And they're actually putting its face on a Bud Light can.
  Social engineering.
  So there's Dylan Mulvaney, a man pretending to be a woman.
  You should be proud you didn't know that name, alright?
  That's a good thing.
  I don't even wanna know.
  I mean, that's how crazy things have gotten.
  But you know what, folks?
  Here's the bottom line.
  You ready?
  I'm sick.
  I'm tired.
  I'm so furious right now that I relied.
  I trusted so many people since 2020.
  You know, President Trump surrounded himself, unfortunately, with a bunch of people that betrayed him as well at all of our expense.
  And guess what?
  They ended up kicking him out of office.
  We're back on our heels.
  Joe Biden stole the election.
   And now we're on the brink of World War 17?
  This guy's got thermonuclear war we're on the edge of, the banking system is about to collapse, and they're gonna steal my vote from the person, I believe, that's gonna go in there and cleaning up the Quakers?
  Are you kidding me?
  I'm sick and tired of everybody around me, so therefore I'm taking a stand right now.
   This candle that I just held up, symbolic of the following. I'm gonna stand up for my First
  Amendment rights.
   Nobody's gonna tell me to not go protest because of January 6th. You know why?
   Because I'm peaceable. I will peaceably assemble. I will redress my
   grievance. And if anybody tries to interfere with that and call me an
   insurrectionist and try to deprive me of my right, I'm gonna bring criminal
  charges against them for taking away my rights.
  I'm not an insurrectionist.
  I'm going to stand up for my voting rights.
  And even if I get in the face of the government loudly, but peacefully, you're not going to call me an insurrectionist anymore.
  I'm a United States Marine.
   I swore an oath to defend these rights, but mainly I inherited these rights from those that have fought and died to protect what I'm standing up for now.
  And I want everyone to just at least support me.
  If you want to watch on, I'm prepared to die in this spirit.
  Why?
  Because they want to kill me to shut me up, and I'm not going to.
  Hopefully, everyone else feels the same way about their own rights.
  But if you don't, look on, watch on, even if you have a morbid curiosity.
  You want to see me get shot, because they will shoot me, especially if you don't stand with me.
  But at least cheer me on.
But I'm not backing down. 
  That's it.
  I'm fed up.
  Let's do five more minutes.
  I want to ask you about the issue of them gagging President Trump to try to keep him from campaigning and what you think may go down with that.
  And again, folks, everything Pete is saying here is true and he's genuine.
  Alright, last segment here with Pete Santilli.
  I'm inclined to stand up and salute my screen with Pete here.
  As Donald Trump's plane now in the air, you can see it taking off, heading to New York.
  There was massive crowds of people in support of Donald Trump outside of Mar-a-Lago, and there is already a mass of people waiting at Trump Tower for his arrival.
  Now, Pete Santilli with us for one more segment.
  Okay Pete, what do you think goes on with this potential gag order?
  To me, I'm somewhat familiar with this going through my political persecution and knowing about others that I've covered.
   I mean, realistically, I feel like the only gag they could put on Donald Trump is to somehow
   say if we release you from jail today or we don't hold you here today, that you can't
   talk about the case publicly outside of your attorney client privilege.
  You can't make public comments.
   So basically, he's not going to be able to go around the country campaigning, talking
   about this case, which is problematic in and of itself with the threats of incarceration,
  You ready?
  I said for the entire segment that they're taking away my vote.
   keep him from campaigning altogether, which is unprecedented. Pete, what do you think's
  going on?
   I'm going to say it very succinctly. You ready? I said for the entire segment that they're
   taking away my vote. My vote. Now what they're trying to do is to pile on and not only say,
  well, you can't have your vote.
  We're going to make sure that everybody around you doesn't hear from President Trump.
  They don't see the fight.
  We will win.
  We will brainwash everyone.
  So thereby canceling my freaking vote by having exclusive rights over the media.
  You're going to silence President Trump, and you're going to basically slow cook like a boiling frog.
  Everyone is accepting the St.
  Elmo's fire, St.
  Elmo, the Knight of Malta, Ron DeSantis, with George Bush so far up his, the Bush is so far up his keister.
  They want you to accept what they have to offer.
  So not only is my voice being taken away, my vote being taken away, my constitutional rights being deprived.
  But they're also going to brainwash everyone else through silencing President Trump, taking over the media, and mentioning crime, crime, crime, crime, crime.
  That's a double whammy on my vote.
  It's a deprivation of rights.
  You know what?
  This isn't about President Trump, folks.
  They will get away with whatever we let them get away with.
  And I hereby tell you, we can do this peacefully.
  Anybody says I can't speak out like this?
  Anyone that's threatened by my words, this is the hill I'm going to fight on.
  I will not back down.
  I will speak out peacefully.
  The representation of that spirit is the candle that the Romanians in tens of millions stood.
  Some of them died because the communists threatened to shoot them, but they refused to back down.
  I want to ask each and every one of you.
  I've lit the first candle here.
  Join me in the spirit.
   Light a candle, stand in peace, never back down, and let's get out in the streets.
   Yeah, I'm thinking about just bringing a, I'm thinking about having a candle and just
  putting it on my desk every day now.
   And maybe we just use that for, you know, commentators and stuff just as our symbol
  of peacefully trying to take this country back.
   And Pete, let me just throw one more thing out there because I get this all the time.
  And believe me, I get it, folks.
  Okay, Pete, you mentioned this earlier.
  I'm as sick as Donald Trump is almost anybody else.
  I'm gonna be perfectly honest with you, okay?
  I've dealt with political persecution for my support of Donald Trump.
  I've been arrested three times because of my support of Donald Trump.
  I've been completely censored on the internet because of my support for Donald Trump.
  And do you know how many times Donald Trump and his people have reached out to me?
  Zero times.
  You know how many boxes full of autographed hats I've gotten to give out on the air?
  Zero times.
  You know how many invites I've gotten to Mar-a-Lago?
  Zero invites.
  I get nothing from Donald Trump!
  No!
  I've supported this man and paid the price for it, and I've got nothing in return!
  He's not gonna come on air and do an interview with me, but you know what?
  I don't care!
  Donald Trump is not my daddy!
  I didn't do this to get favor in Donald Trump!
  No!
  Everything Pete Santilli is right.
  What they're doing to Donald Trump, they're going to do to us next.
  And if I am willing to put it all on the line again for Donald Trump, even though I'm sick of him, that should show you how serious this is.
  So believe me, I get it, Pete.
  But I understand this is bigger than Donald Trump.
  Oh yeah, I'd rather have 150 million people right now lighting candles to stand up for your constitutional rights than rely upon one man.
  Because that's too much for one man to carry.
  Plus they can lock him up like they're trying to do right now.
  150 million candles right now.
  Let's do it.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   If Alex Jones runs for president in the Republican Party, he has a chance of winning.
  
  
  If you just tuned in, you may be noticing I'm wearing an Alex Jones for President 2024 shirt.
  I am not seriously planning to run for president.
  This is an idea the crew had.
  To have a triggering shirt, kind of next level.
  Alex Jones was right.
  There's Infowars.com on the back, Alex Jones for President 2024 on the front.
  It's a fundraiser shirt.
  It's made out of really nice fabric.
  It's high quality.
  And it is a exclusive shirt to Infowarsstore.com.
  And when the shirts are gone, they're gone.
  We're doing one run.
  ...of Alex Jones for President, 2024 shirts, and we'll have a historic memento, be able to spread the word, meet a lot of like-minded people, and you'll be able to keep us on the air.
  No way!
  That's a bridge too far!
  That's- no, it can't be.
  And I said on national television that he was gonna win.
  At InfoWarsTore.com!
  Alright, one existential crisis to the next.
  Tom Renz joins me now with just devastating news, truly, and we heard about this last year.
  The idea, the potential, or even the practice that mRNA injections were being put into cattle and farm animals and essentially the animals eventually that we eat.
  That we eat.
  mRNA being injected into the animals that we eat.
  And at first they said, no, no, no, that's not happening, that's not the case, it's not going on.
  Unfortunately now, that is exactly the case.
  And Thomas Renz has the receipts to prove it.
  He joins me now.
  Okay, so as if the mRNA injections weren't enough of a disaster with all the arms, the human arms they've put them in, now they're going to put them into the animals.
  What do you think is going on here, Thomas Renz?
  Well, I mean, you know, they didn't kill enough with the first round of jabs, so they need to keep going, I guess.
  Yeah, listen, this is unbelievable.
  And just so that you know, because I had a couple people respond to this.
  So, you know, I'm just going to eat veggies.
  That ain't going to help.
  It ain't going to help because they're doing it there, too.
  In fact, it's actually, it appears that it would be easier from a scientific perspective to get the gene therapy aspects of the mRNA jabs into humans through engineered vegetables than for animals.
  But, you know, I've got it going back all the way, and we've been all over this.
  We've been posting it on Twitter, and it's, honestly, it's the most viral thing I've ever had.
  We're over four million impressions on one tweet right now.
  But collectively, we're looking at many, many, many millions of views and eyes.
  Wow.
  And let me tell you, that is so key, because that would have not happened if Elon Musk did not buy Twitter.
  Wow.
  That's true.
  And, you know, by the way, it appears in many ways that I'm still shadowbanned.
  I mean, Elon's doing a great job and I support that Musk is making these moves and I'm grateful that he is.
  But, you know, there's a it's a big company.
  There's still stuff going on there.
  You know, this stuff should have been in less than two days.
  We had over four million tweets.
  You would have thought every word in that tweet would have been trending.
  But we had almost nothing trending from there.
  And honestly, I've tried to post certain things that I wasn't allowed to post.
  It just wouldn't let me post them until I got rid of certain words.
  So I think Elon's doing a great job, but I think he's got more work to do on that.
  But anyways, we are getting the word out.
  Praise God.
  It's getting all over the place, and you know, people are not happy about this.
  So we actually, we got a good, honest legislature, and there is one, at least one of them.
  Holly Jones, she works with me, she's a great friend, and she's elected as a House Rep in Missouri.
  She sponsored Missouri House Bill 1169.
  Does three things, Owen, three things.
  First, requires disclosure if a product has gene therapy qualities.
  Seems pretty straightforward.
  Second, it requires that if there are gene therapy aspects of a product, that any information about its transmissibility or shedding be something that you can request.
  And third, it requires informed consent for any sort of medical intervention or gene therapy, including all benefits and risks, not just side effects, but serious adverse events of special interest.
  Because those were excluded, as you know, from the disclosures on the COVID shots.
  So now, three things.
  So we don't ban anything in this bill.
  It's a two-page bill, no riders, and it's in deeply red, very Republican Missouri.
  So you'd think it's an easy pass, right?
  It is being resisted like you can't believe.
  The rhino wing of the Republican Party in Missouri is battling this.
  They've sold out to the lobbyists tooth and nail.
  They don't want you to know that they're going to put gene therapy drugs into your food and poison you.
  I was going to say, that's all big pharma lobbying.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  Well, here's the deal.
  The number one producer of seeds in this country is Bear Monsanto.
  I think they're the number one producer in the world.
  Monsanto, owned by Bear.
  Bear is a pharmaceutical company, right?
  It always comes back to Big Pharma.
  Bill Gates.
  Largest holder of agricultural land in the United States, right?
  You got CCP.
  Owns tons of our farmland.
  These CCP-owned factory farms.
  The Gates factory farms.
  See these guys?
  They're the reason that these guys are opposing this.
  So you've got the Cattlemen's Association, the Pork Association, and I posted, I posted all the lobbyists that opposed House Bill 1169 in Missouri, and I posted the Emerging Issues Committee phone numbers and emails, so feel free to get a hold of them.
  It's on my Twitter, at RensTom.
  And, you know, we posted this online so that people can contact these people and let them know.
  Let them know.
  Do you want informed consent or do you want them to sell out to the lobbyists?
  Do you want Bill Gates and his factory farmers to be able to do it?
   But you know, the most shocking thing about this, or, well, I don't even know if there could be a most shocking thing about this at this point, but one of them Owen, they, the lobbyists that testified right after I did, do you know, I want you to brace yourself.
  Do you know why he opposed this?
  He said that if we're required to disclose this, we're going to have to put labels on all of our GMO foods.
  So what he's saying is that all of their GMO foods, they know they're affecting our genes.
  Did you know that?
  Because I didn't.
   Well, that's actually amazing because this issue They basically found a way to have certified organic not actually be organic.
  They've rigged that whole certified organic through the USDA system that there's certain protocols that they can pass to get certified organic, but to actual organic people, they know that's not actually organic.
   So they had to start new private Endeavors like the non-gmo project to put those labels on the food products because the US government was giving the Food processing and producers a loophole that okay.
  Well, it's not fully organic.
   But if you match these Characteristics will give you the organic label even though it's not organic so they're basically telling you if we if you knew what we were actually putting in your food you wouldn't eat it and That's literally their opposition to the bill.
  They literally said, we'd have to label everything.
  We can't do that.
  Well, wait a second.
  Are you kidding me?
   So, you know, the good thing about that, Owen, is that means that all I need to do is come up with the studies showing that the GMO foods that they're already creating Are causing health issues?
  And man, have I got a lawsuit.
  I got a great one right there.
  So we're just going to have to do some homework and get that information because apparently they've been knowingly poisoning us and screwing with us for a number of years.
  But yeah, that doesn't take away from the fact that this bill would change that, right?
  This simple transparency disclosure bill would require that they tell us if it's a gene therapy product.
  That you're looking at there, how to make an edible vaccine, that was in published in the year 2000.
  I mean, it's one, two, three, four, five, very straightforward.
  They've known how to put vaccines in vegetables for a very, very long time.
  And now they're doing it.
  Now they're going to do it.
  And that's what this is.
  It's vaccinating you through your food, because they know there's all kinds of different reasons why people don't want to put the needle injection into their arm.
  I mean, there's a litany of reasons.
  So they figure, well, we'll just trick you, we'll deceive you, we'll put the vaccines in the food, and you won't even know what hit you.
  And it's all proof right here.
  You've got the proof.
   You, working with legislators, Putting out basic, common sense, reasonable, easy to read and understand bills, and they're fighting it tooth and nail, because if you knew what they were doing to our food, you wouldn't eat it.
  Who would?
  And you know, I want to, I believe you got a break coming up, but I'll tell you after the break, I would love to tell you guys about Bill Gates' factory meat, and why that's such a big risk.
   Because, you know, these guys, You gotta understand the evil that these people... it's just mind-blowing.
  And you know, there's a reason that the WHO was willing to pull the recommendation for children to get vaccinated.
  It's because they don't need to.
  They're gonna try and put it in your food and poison you.
  So now they don't need kids to get vaccinated because they're gonna sneak it in and force you to do it that way.
  If you can't eat without it, they're gonna know.
  Or you just won't even be allowed to go to the grocery store unless you take your injection.
  I mean, they got all kinds of ways to turn us into their slaves.
  But we're going to be fighting it tooth and nail.
  Thomas Renz is with us.
  Now, folks, I barely even plugged today because this news is so important, but hell, you might need to get some emergency food because in the future, you won't be able to eat anything without getting your mRNA.
  So, you know, you might need some emergency food from Infowarsstore.com just to avoid the vaccines they're putting in the food.
  That's how crazy it is.
  You know, there's so much to cover here in this story beyond just them vaccinating you through the food.
  Oh, you don't want that needle in your arm because you know there are repercussions?
  Well, they're going to find a way to get it into your body.
  And through the food is the agenda, the backup plan.
  And this is why Bill Gates is buying up so much farmland.
  I believe the number one owner of farmland in the United States now is Bill Gates.
  And Thomas Renz, my guest, was just about to get into that with us.
  Yes, sir.
  So, I mean, you've heard, and I'm sure, I mean, it's InfoWars, right?
  So the people watching this know the truth.
  Everybody's heard that Bill Gates wants to get rid of meat and only have factory meat, right?
  Well, let's think about this.
  Let's think about where this goes.
  Now, if you trust Bill Gates, you're going to call me a conspiracy theorist.
  But if you trust Bill Gates, I'm sorry, you're an idiot.
   So, when you inject this stuff into the cows or into the pigs or whatever, An mRNA vaccine that goes into them is going to be something that RNA is not necessarily going to be compatible with human RNA.
  But what happens if you're creating a factory meat, right?
  So this yummy stuff that we're looking at here on the screen, what happens if you create that?
  Now that meat is a protein and it's an artificial protein.
  It can be anything they want, right?
  It can be any type of protein they want.
  So, if they wanted to create a protein that was an artificial protein that had the qualities of a vaccine that would affect humans, we're better to do it than a factory.
  And are you telling me that we should trust Bill Gates?
  I mean, really, at this point?
  You know, the human genocide machine?
  I mean, this guy is insane in every sense of the term, in my opinion.
  Yeah, he's been out here, I mean, how many comments does a guy got to make about population control?
  You know, I mean, he's done vaccination drives around the world where he's been just shredded.
  I mean, he's not welcome in many of the countries around the world.
  Oh, it's well known.
  I mean, it used to be the white lab coats show up in Africa.
  They'd think, oh, this is great.
  They're going to bring us medicine and healing.
  Now the white lab coat show up in Africa.
  They run for the hills.
  They hide because they know they bring death and suffering.
  I mean, how do we get people?
  Because this is what it is.
  How do we get people to understand?
  That the Bill Gates of the world, whether you agree with them or not, you have to understand the way they think, folks.
  They believe they've transcended humanity.
  The idea of humanity and civilization, they believe they've transcended it.
  They're ready to put it in the past.
  They're ready to put it in the dust.
  That's how they feel about you.
  They've seen the growth of humanity.
  They've seen the expansion of humanity.
  And they want to stop it.
  They want to put a halt to it.
  They want to end it.
  And they don't want to see humanity in the future on planet Earth.
   They want to see their vision Which, whatever it is, human-less, robots, AI, resources, maybe they're, you know, thinking they're going to work with aliens or intergalactic or, you know, demons or something like that, I don't know.
  That's what it is, though.
  They've decided we don't like the growth of humanity, we don't want humanity to expand on Earth and into space, so we're going to stop it right now, right here, right now.
  That's what they're doing.
  How do we get people to understand that?
  Well, you know, we got to keep talking about Owen, but let me, let me take what you just said there, right?
  So five years ago, if you'd said that to me and I was a guest on your show, I'd have hung up.
  I'd have said, that's insane.
  Have you lost your mind?
  Now over the last three years, I've been just brutalized with truths that I would never have even thought possible.
  And you know, what you just said is something that when I was listening to it, I found myself thinking two things.
   One is, This sounds like science fiction.
  But two is... But it's not!
  The reason it's not, and the reason I know it's not, is not because I've said it and not because you've said it, but because our opponents have said it.
  Because Klaus Schwab and Yuval Noah Harari have gone on TV repeatedly and talked about the end of Homo sapiens, the end of the human race.
  We are the last generation of Homo sapiens.
  They're going to get rid of us.
  They're going to change our genetics.
  We're no longer going to be in the image of God.
  We're going to be in the image of whatever it is that they've got us in the image of.
  That's what they're telling us, right?
  And as insane as this sounds, I mean, every time I say it, it sounds insane.
  I hear myself saying this.
  I'm like, what the hell's happened to me?
  Have I lost my mind?
  Except for I'm not, I'm repeating what they've said and I'm trying to tell people, listen, go watch, go to, you know, Clay Clark has a wonderful thing, wonderful thing on time to free america.com.
  He's got all these things broken down.
  You can listen to Harari and Schwab talking about this.
  These are the Bill Gates partners in crime.
  These are the guys, you know, Soros, Gates, Schwab, Harari, they're all the same.
  They're all pushing for this.
  And the thing about it is, is you've got to understand.
  I'm a fact guy.
  I'm an evidence guy.
  I'm, my namesake, Doubting Thomas, right?
  I don't, I just don't believe things.
  I don't do the whole conspiracy theory thing.
  It's a theory until it's a fact though.
  And now as I've gone through and I've done this research and I've done this work, I mean, I don't know what to tell you guys.
  You know, if a serial killer is holding a gun to your head and says, I'm going to shoot you.
  Do you say, no, I don't believe you.
  That's nonsense.
  Nobody shoots people.
  I mean, these guys are literally, they've got the power, they've got the capacity, and they've been doing it for a long time.
  Should we not believe them when they tell us that they want to end homo sapiens, that they want to end humanity as we know it, that they want to, you know, do whatever it is.
  They're going to, humans are hackable creatures, God is fake news, you know, we're going to be connected to the internet or you'll die.
  I mean, that's what they're saying.
  It's their words.
  I think it's insane.
  I think they've lost their minds.
  Should I not do anything about it?
  Should I just stand aside and bury my head in sand and say, yeah, some of the richest, most powerful people in the world are trying to end humanity, but I think it's ridiculous, so I'm going to just ignore it.
  Well, that's the problem right there.
   That is actually part of the justification of the Bill Gates and the Klaus Schwab's and the Harare's is because they see humanity burying their
  heads in Kim Kardashian's ass.
   They see, you know, they see humans burying their heads in nonsensical crap and they're
   just taking the abuse, just taking the abuse over and over and over again.
  So in Bill Gates' mind, they're like, "It's over for you.
  You're the dodo bird.
  You're going to go extinct now.
  You're going to be conquered by superior beings."
  And that's how they look at themselves.
   But, you know, here's how I try to explain it, because this is kind of a common theme
   that we see outside of the world of politics or whatever, right?
   It's somebody shares an image from the 70s that's supposed to be depicting the future
   and it's amazing infrastructure and huge skyscrapers and flying vehicles and jet packs and all
  It's like empowering humanity.
  People are like, what happened to the future?
  This is the future I was given.
  There was a whole movie about it called Tomorrowland.
  Folks, you're in the scientific future.
  It's just not for you.
  You're not getting the advanced technology, you're not getting the access to energy, you're being shut off.
  The science fiction future you're in is now a digital globe, a digital encompassing globe, in which you will be completely enslaved.
  So all the technology is there, it's just not being used to empower you, it's being used to enslave you.
  Yeah, I mean, dead on.
  Why do you need to observe everything everybody's doing?
  Why is Ferrari talking about surveillance going under the skin?
  Why does he need to surveil me under the skin?
  Why does he care what I'm doing?
  Why does he care what's going on in my brain?
  Why does he want to end privacy even of thought?
  Why is he saying that?
  Why would that be?
  Even if you can do it, why would you do that?
  Why would you want to know everything that's in my mind?
  And why would that be something that's any of your business?
   When they say that these are their goals, Let's say for a second that they are nuts.
  Because, well, they are.
  I don't think there's any question about that.
  But let's say for a second that, you know, this isn't really possible and they're just talking.
  Okay.
  Well, we've got a guy who's just talking.
  We are up against a break.
  Hold that thought.
  Pause it right there, folks.
  We'll be right back.
  Tom Renz is our guest.
  He was cut off by the break in the last segment.
   We were talking about The technological elite, the globalists, wanting to enslave and eradicate humanity, they believe they've transcended it.
  They're telling you all of this.
  But, Tom, you were explaining in the last segment, you were getting to the point before you were cut off before the break, let's say they're just nuts, let's say they're bat-crap crazy, the break cut you off, pick it up.
  Yeah, well, let's say that they are nuts.
  Let's say that this technology's not real and they're just crazy, right?
  These are people who are getting invited to speak at Ivy League schools, the New York Times, they're friends with the presidents.
  They're, you know, they're the elite.
  Why are these lunatics being entertained?
  Why aren't they being shunned?
  I mean, if you said something racist or sexist or bigoted, you'd be shunned normally, right?
  These people are talking about enslaving people.
  They're talking about slavery.
  Literally, the absence of free will is slavery.
  That's what it is.
  And yet, instead of being cold monsters, which they are...
  We're lauding them.
  We're holding them up as though they're some sort of intellectually superior being.
  I mean, it's ridiculous.
  Harari is a pencil-necked little weenie that should have been beat up on the playground, and my dream is that someday I can throw a dodgeball at his face.
  I just dream of that.
  Okay, so I got weird dreams, I guess.
  That's probably better than Harari's dreams.
  Yeah, that's true.
  I don't really want to know what he's thinking about.
  Yeah, you're just throwing an innocent dodgeball.
  He's probably thinking about something a little more dark and sordid.
  Yeah, yeah, I'm thinking so.
  But, you know, listen, these guys, why are we listening to these guys?
  Harari, I mean, every time he talks, he's got to bring up his favorite guy, Hitler.
  I mean, this guy is like a Hitler fan.
  He can't stop talking without talking about Hitler.
  Every time he talks, if only Hitler and Stalin had this technology.
  Can you imagine if these guys had this technology?
  I hear it so many times, I don't understand it.
  You know, he said, he made the comment about Joseph Goebbels.
  Oh, that guy really gets it.
  You know, I mean, are you kidding me?
  Are you kidding?
  Yet he gets invited to speak.
  He gets invited anywhere.
  The guy's a monster.
  I mean, he's ludicrous, yet they keep inviting him back.
  Somehow he is the scientific advisor, despite the fact that he's a historian.
  I mean, the guy's a historian, yet somehow he's the scientific advisor for the World Economic Forum.
  And Klaus Schwab, who, by the way, for the record, you know, every time I look at him, I just think he looks like a penis.
  He actually, like, if you draw a picture, I'm sorry, I don't mean to be a lack of credibility, but yeah, these guys, uh, listen, we gotta make fun of these guys.
  Well, he looks like a James Bond villain either way.
  Yeah, well, listen, we've got to make fun of these guys, right?
  Because we have to learn from our enemies and what they do.
  Saul Alinsky told us, you know, if you make fun of people, that's a heck of a way to diminish their power, and that's what we're doing here.
  I'm not afraid of Klaus Schwab.
  I'm not afraid of Bill Gates.
  I'm not afraid of Yuval Noah Harari or anybody else.
  The only thing that I fear on this planet is God himself.
  And, uh, you know, we can't be afraid to fight these guys.
  And that's really the next step.
  The thing that we've got to do is we've got to take these... Look at that guy!
  Look at that creature!
  You can try to stop me, Thomas Renz, but you will eat the bugs, and we will microchip your brain, just like everybody else.
  And Hitler only wishes he had this technology.
   We wish we had the same power and control that Hitler and Stalin and other authoritarians have had in the past, but ours will be far greater, because it will be global in scale, And it will be permanent once we put your microchip in your brain to control you.
  And then that's it for humanity.
  You will all die.
  And we will transcend.
  I am Klaus Schwab, your new global slave master.
  The beautiful thing is is I hope like I need that clip and I want to play it repeatedly everywhere because that's actually exactly what they say.
  I mean, these guys are nuts and yet they're viewed as credible.
  These guys are insane.
  Listen.
  I'm going to tell you, Owen, better to die on your feet than live on your knees.
  And this is a hill that we all have to die on if we have to die.
  We will fight this.
  I'm not taking this.
  I'm not going to stand for them putting in my food.
  I'm not going to let them put... I don't, listen, I don't trust anybody that likes Hitler to have anything to do with me.
  Okay?
   So if you're that kind of a guy, if you're a Klaus Schwab, you all know a Harari Hitler fan, Or Bill Gates, which is one and the same, or George Soros.
  Listen, you're on your own.
  You will not do anything to me or my family.
  We will not have it happen.
  That is the line, right?
  We're doing everything we can.
  We're fighting it in every court we can.
  We're fighting it in the media.
  We're fighting it in the state legislatures.
  This is why we're doing what we're doing.
  With House Bill 1169, we did what nobody does.
  We posted the names of the organizations and lobbyists opposing this bill.
  We also posted the names and phone numbers and emails of the committee members.
  Hopefully people are calling.
  I don't know.
  I'm praying that they are.
  If you're not, you should be because it's your food supply that's at risk.
  We don't have an alternative.
  So, at this point, the real thing that we've got to do is we've got to move into the fight back.
  And what does that look like and how do we do it?
  And that's where I'm at right now.
  Well, and I want to expand on that.
   But first, I want to get back to a kind of question you posed earlier this segment and last segment a little bit too, which is, If you just took somebody, just let's say a neutral non-observer, and you played these clips of what Bill Gates says about getting the population to zero, or Harari says about microchipping everybody on the planet, or you know, Klaus Schwab, you'll own nothing and be happy.
  If you just showed those clips to a neutral non-observer, like you said, they'd be stunned.
  They'd be like, well, wow, these are evil people.
  These are tyrants.
  How could they ever get a platform?
  Well, I actually have the answer to that.
  This is something I've been studying for a while now, and it's not just about Bill Gates and Klaus Schwab and the rest of them getting a platform.
  It's the same thing with what they do to children, and they call it trans kids or gender-affirming surgery when it's really child abuse and genital mutilation.
  They have all of these different things, these tricks.
  It's like an abracadabra trick, is what I usually call it, Tom.
  It's like abracadabra.
  They have these disguises like, oh, I'm a good liberal.
  They're not liberals.
  Oh, I'm just pro-LGBTQ+.
  We're just standing against homophobes and transphobes.
  And so they put on these disguises of, oh, I'm a liberal.
  Oh, I'm just fighting for trans rights and gay rights.
  And then when you remove that disguise, when you pull that mask off, you find the truth.
  These are bloodthirsty, soul-sucking tyrants that hate humanity.
  And all this whole liberalism, gay flag, pride stuff, that is all a disguise for what... Same thing, Black Lives Matter.
  Oh, we're just here helping black people.
  Black Lives Matter, two billion dollars, riots all year.
  Oh, we're just helping black people.
  That's all this is.
  You can't say anything negative about this.
  We're just helping black people.
  It's this amazing disguise.
  It's what the left does.
  It's what liberals do.
   From a low-level Antifa, BLM, gay flag, to the high-level Bill Gates, Harari, oh we're just liberals, we're just trying to empower people.
  No, we see through this now.
  Yeah, well that's exactly right.
  You can always tell what they're doing because it's what they accuse us of, right?
  You know, I'm a huge fan of Martin Luther King.
  Huge, huge fan.
  Martin Luther King said, let us be judged by the content of our character rather than the color of our skin.
  Yet, now we have CRT.
  I fight against CRT because Martin Luther King said, you know, let's content a character over the color of skin.
  But yet, they want to portray being against CRT as racist when CRT is inherently racist.
  You can always tell what they're going to do because CRT teaches the first thing you're supposed to look at is the color of someone's skin.
  Not in my family.
  We aren't bigots.
  And if you're a CRT person, you're a bigot.
  I'm sorry.
  You're a racist.
  I'm not into that.
  So you can tell what they're doing.
  Because they accuse you of it.
  Whatever they're doing is what they accuse us of.
  So just look at yourself.
  Look around.
  Ask, what's Joe Biden and the left accusing us of?
  And you'll know that's what they are.
  It's real clear.
  All right.
  Tom Renz with us.
  If you can do another segment, let's kind of put bookends on this and your fight to stop them from vaccinating us through the food, because that's the issue people need to be made aware of.
  We'll be right back.
  Alright, final segment here with Tom Renz.
  Folks, remember everything we do here is made possible by your support at InfoWarsStore.com.
  We make it easy, great products, emergency food supplies, air filtration, water filtration, household needs like toothpaste.
  It's all at InfoWarsStore.com.
  We go out and find the highest quality product and sell it at the lowest price to fund ourselves.
  That's what we do here.
  Last segment with Tom Renz.
  Let's get back to the matter at hand.
  They want to vaccinate us through the food.
  Now, obviously, the most effective way to vaccinate the people is, oh, put them in fear.
  Oh, you need to have 20 vaccines right into your baby as soon as they're born.
  And if not, they're going to die from these diseases.
  So, oh, oh, it's a deadly virus going around.
  You need a vaccine.
  Maybe two, maybe three, maybe four, maybe five.
  Who knows how many?
  Because this virus might kill you using that fear tactic.
  No doubt that's there.
  That's what they would really like to do is just inject it right in you.
   But if they can't do that because of your stubbornness, your obstinance, they're going to try to do
  it through the food.
   So again, tell people where they can find more information about this. Tell people
   about what's going on in Missouri because this is one of those stories
   that is going to be overlooked right now with all the other craziness going on,
   specifically the Trump indictment, but other craziness as well. But this is a
   story that needs highlighted. Yeah, well and we're fighting and thanks, thank God.
  We're, I mean, thank you, Owen.
  Thank you to InfoWars.
  Thank you for all the people that are helping us get this out there because, you know, listen, we're going to fight, you know, the Trump indictment's got to be fought and I am 100% against that.
  And I've talked about that extensively on my show, on Tom Ren's show and on my Rumble channel and everywhere else.
  But the thing is, is if we're all dying from poison food, it isn't going to matter who's president, right?
  And, uh, this is happening right now.
  So we, we need this.
  And what the thing is, is this is real simple.
  It's a two page bill.
  It's a two page bill in a Republican state that all does is require, require informed consent and disclosure.
  I mean, there is no reason to oppose this bill.
  So it's really, really an easy thing.
  We just got to get the Republicans to quit selling out.
  Right?
  And there's a big difference.
  You know, like I said, we got Holly Jones and Bill Hardwick, the bill sponsor and the committee chair that are doing good stuff.
  We just need to get the rest of these guys off their butts.
  Right?
  So we need people fighting back.
  We've got to continue pushing this message out.
  And if you go to TomRenz.com, T-O-M-R-E-N-Z dot com, you know, we're going to keep putting information out.
  And if you follow us on Twitter and True Social, we're going to keep putting information out.
  The quickest way for me to get it out, though, is Twitter and True Social.
   And, you know, we have to keep it up on TomRenz.com, though, too, because You know, frankly, we just never know when we're going to get censored or how we're going to get censored or who's going to do it.
  I saw that the Postmillennial today has some stuff.
  Turns out that the Twitter algorithm looks like it's got some sort of a backdoor for the government to modify what they're showing.
  That explains a lot because, you know, we've been exposing that the DoD is very much at the core of creation of SARS-CoV-2 and also the creation and distribution of the vaccines.
  I mean, we've been talking about that extensively and naturally that's been censored like you can't believe.
  So, you know, I mean, the DOD is very much involved in this, the DIA, the CIA.
  I mean, we know that.
  I know you talk about it here on InfoWars, you know, but yeah, it's interesting because now we see that they're probably the ones who are modifying and doing what's happening to make sure that we're censored everywhere.
  And yeah, even the Ren's Tom Twitter profile.
   I had to break a tweet up, was it last night, talking about this, about House Bill 1169, talking about Bill Gates and all these guys that are in there.
  I had to break it up into multiple tweets because when I put it together, it wouldn't let me post it.
  So I had to break it up and change the wording and post it in multiple tweets so that I could get it out there.
  That's content censorship, folks.
  There's no reason.
  As soon as I broke it up, it went through just fine.
  But it wouldn't go through until I broke it up.
  That's happening because our federal government, I believe, is very actively involved in the censorship of this.
  They're very actively working against us, and they're very actively doing everything they can to keep me silent.
  I'm trying to compete with Alex for being the most censored guy on the planet right now.
  And so, you know, this comes back to fighting back, and you guys helping me share the information, because the farther the information gets, the more we can do with it.
  Well, you know, here's my thing.
  I see you fighting like hell.
  I see Clay Clark fighting like hell.
  I see Alex Jones fighting like hell.
  I've seen Donald Trump fighting like hell.
  And I just wonder where the sense of urgency within the Republican Party is.
  Because there's Republicans that I like that I think are good people.
  I like Thomas Massey.
  I mean, take Rand Paul for an example.
  Rand Paul is definitely leading the charge against Anthony Fauci right now, but I'm just a little confused.
  Like, where is the sense of urgency?
  Where is the hit the ground running?
  Where is the start a project and finish it?
  I just don't get it!
  It's like, hey, we can put Fauci on the stand twice a year and get viral clips and maybe that exposes him, but I'm sorry, that does nothing!
  Somebody has to pay for funding the creation of COVID-19 that led to the global pandemic.
  I mean, somebody needs to be charged for illegal gain-of-function research and funding it.
  I mean, but it's just like, okay, we get signs that people care, we get some nice video clips of people pretending to care in Congress, but it's like, where is the sense of urgency?
  Where is the actual action?
  Where are the people in positions of power fighting like hell, like some of us are, we the people?
  Well, you know what?
  I'm going to hit this real head-on for you, Owen.
  So, I like Rand Paul, and I want to support him wholeheartedly.
  The problem is, at this point, I don't trust any politicians.
  Any.
  So, you know, Rand Paul's doing a great job of making headlines, but I have never once heard Rand Paul talk about the DoD being the actual funders.
  And, you know, maybe he has.
  Maybe I just haven't heard it.
  But the DOD is responsible for this.
  I don't see him calling them up and raking them over the coal.
  You know, Fauci was working for DOD.
  He was in charge of bioweapons.
  That's what, I mean, statutorily.
  Why aren't we talking about that?
  Why aren't we investigating our CIA and DIA?
  We know that the CIA was aware of what's going on.
  This looks like a botched intelligence operation.
  We got all sorts of info on that.
  You know, if you want to get to the bottom of it, but here's the thing that I don't know.
  I like Rand Paul.
  I like Ron Johnson.
  Ron Johnson's actually allowed me to speak, which is incredible.
  You know, I like all these guys.
  But here's the thing.
  My question is, is it form or substance?
  I don't know yet.
  And who's the cause of this?
  Now we know, so I've been able to sniff out, and I can tell you, I can't go into the details because I don't want to share it publicly because then they'd know how I did it.
  But we were able to catch, there were staffers in some of these state houses that are bought and paid for, they're owned by the opposition, people who hate freedom, right?
  We were able to sniff that out, we were able to test the theory, and it turned out to be very accurate.
  We also have tested it at the federal level.
  We know that a lot of staffers, for a lot of good Congress people, are crooks.
  Now, here's the problem.
  Rand Paul, Jim Jordan.
  Jim Jordan's a great example.
  Jim Jordan, who the hell do you trust if you're Jim Jordan?
  I mean, who do you trust?
  Same with Donald Trump.
  Everybody says, well, how is it that Trump doesn't know about this or doesn't know about that?
   Well, because literally, These people are, these people, our opposition, are spending trillions of, they're making trillions of dollars.
  You can spend a billion dollars on the best spies in the world to have the best influence operation in the universe around people and it doesn't matter because you're making a trillion.
  Right?
  So these guys are surrounded by crooks, they're surrounded by sellouts, they're surrounded by bad guys.
  So the question becomes, are the elected officials that we've got, are they garbage?
  Or is it their staff that's lying to them?
  Are they being manipulated?
  Are they getting the truth?
  And I don't know the answer to that.
  Like I said, I like Rand Paul.
  I hope he'll listen to me.
  I can assure you I'm not for sale, and I don't care if I make any money off of it or not.
  I'd love to talk with him about this stuff.
  I'd love to talk to Jim Jordan.
  Jim Jordan was my congressman and wouldn't talk to me.
  He tried to pawn me off on some staffers and ignore what I had to say.
  Why?
  What, you got a whole lot more influential people in Ohio?
  I mean, listen.
  I'm happy to talk with these guys and work with these guys.
  And, you know, maybe they've got liars around them, maybe they've got crooks around them.
  I don't know what the problem is.
  I don't even care.
  I'm not an insider.
  But I don't want to be an insider, and I'm not going to kiss their butt.
  I'm just going to keep fighting.
  Because the one thing I know is I don't trust politicians.
  They want to earn our trust, they can earn our trust.
  But they work for us, so they've got to earn our trust.
  I'm not going to kiss their butt to get their... Well, here's what scares me, Tom, in the last 60 seconds with you.
   Here's what scares me, is that There's still this level of comfort zone that a lot of conservatives, Republicans have, where they'll talk a big game, and maybe they'll swing every once in a while when the cameras are on them, take a big swing.
  But other than that, they always fall right back into their comfort zone.
  Their bank account's doing fine.
  Their private property's doing fine.
  They're doing okay.
  And what I'm afraid of is that it's going to take them getting out of their comfort zone, their comfort zone being gone, for them to actually get a sense of urgency and take real action.
  That scares me because I know what that looks like, and if their comfort zone gets lost, then the rest of us are just going to be devastated.
  Yep.
  Well, I'll tell you what, that's why I keep pushing.
  I keep fighting the censorship, trying to get support because we're suing them.
  We're fighting them.
  We're fighting them legal.
  We're fighting them political.
  We're fighting them PR.
  We'll keep fighting as long as people support us and give us the help.
  Keep sharing.
  I'm gonna keep fighting until God says I'm done.
  That's all there is to it.
  I don't care.
  Not trying to be anybody's friend.
  Just trying to win our freedom.
  Tom Renz, great stuff.
  Thank you so much.
  The globalists are in deep trouble, but they're striking back with all their deep state operatives to shut down info wars and other truth tellers like James O'Keefe and Tucker Carlson and countless others.
  So please pray for us now more than ever.
  Spread the word about the broadcast and get great products to keep us on air.
   and fund your operation while at the same time enriching your life.
   Now we've got three new products available at InfoWarsTore.com and a best-seller back in stock. We have the amazing Dr.
   Jones Naturals Turmeric Toothpaste that's so much more. Find out more at
   InfoWarsTore.com We have the Ashwagandha Root Pills with Black Powder Extract
   to accelerate your libido,
   stamina, testosterone. We have pure Ashwagandha Gummies at InfoWarsTore.com as well. These are all the highest
  quality products.
   The prebiotic is now finally back in stock. They're all there
   at InfoWarsTore.com so please take action now. Enrich your life,
   empower your body, and keep us on air. Please take action now.
   InfoWarsTore.com 
  Alright, Marjorie Taylor Greene was on 60 Minutes this weekend, and I was wondering, it didn't air until Sunday evening, but I was wondering why I was seeing such a panic in the liberal press and the Democrat Party before the segments even aired, saying, don't watch 60 Minutes!
  60 Minutes is bad!
  They put Marjorie Taylor Greene warning you, don't watch 60 Minutes!
  Nobody watch 60 Minutes!
  They should never platform a Republican again!
  They don't want you to hear what we have to say, because it will ultimately defeat them.
  So it's the same level of censorship.
  Oh, they censor you on the internet.
  Oh, they ban you from television programs.
  And now are they going to ban Trump from campaigning?
  You want to know why they were so afraid of 60 Minutes airing the Marjorie Taylor Greene segment?
  Here's a 30-second clip that will explain why, right here.
  And things she says that are over-the-top, like... The Democrats are a party of pedophiles.
  I would definitely say so.
  They support grooming children.
  They are not pedophiles.
  Why would you say that?
  Democrats support, even Joe Biden, the president himself, supports children being sexualized and having transgender surgeries.
  Sexualizing children is what pedophiles do to children.
  Wow.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  What did she say that was wrong, Leslie?
  Remember, that's the same Leslie Stahl that told Donald Trump, nobody's spying on you!
  Same Leslie Stahl that told Donald Trump, nobody's censoring you on the internet, you can't say that!
  And it all ended up being true, of course.
  That's why they don't want Marjorie Taylor Greene on 60 Minutes, because she tells it like it is.
   But imagine Leslie Stahl more offended By Marjorie Taylor Greene calling Democrats pedophiles instead of them actually chopping off little boys' testicles and chopping off little girls' breasts and calling it gender affirmation.
  That's cool, that's fine, that's okay with actual child victims, but Marjorie Taylor Greene suggesting they might be pedophiles for it, that's where Stahl draws the line.
  But let's not forget!
  This actually came out a couple years ago from an account, I think it was called Nimble Something, and remember the San Francisco men's gay choir telling you that they were going to be taking your children and grooming your children?
  Well, it turned out that many of those men were actually convicted for sex crimes, and here's a little reminder, guys.
  I'll explain what's going on in this video clip, but go ahead and play clip 12.
  You think that we'll corrupt your kids if our agenda goes unchecked?
  It's funny, just this once, you're correct.
  We'll convert your children.
  Happens bit by bit, quietly and subtly, and you will barely notice it.
  We're coming for them.
  So here's the San Francisco Men's Gay Choir.
  Now watch what happens.
  There's your San Francisco gay men's choir.
  And now, what happens here when we investigate?
  Here's one of the men's choir members.
  Oh, lewd or lewd acts with a child under 14.
   14. Okay, here's another one. Oh, another one. Lude acts with a child under 14.
  Here's another one sharing the Drag Queen content.
  Oh!
  Charged, lewd acts with a child under 14.
  Alright, here's another one.
  Again, this is all documented in the video you see in front of me if you're an audience, audio audience member.
  They take the pictures of the individuals with their names in the San Francisco Men's Gay Choir and they go and they show you their charges.
  Lewd acts with children under 14.
  Not 1, not 2, not 3, not 4, not 5.
  And it's all highlighted in that video.
  So, Leslie Stahl though, don't you dare call Democrats pedophiles.
  But by the way, when the San Francisco gay choir says we're going to convert your children, and almost a dozen of them have charges of lewd acts against children, and they do gender affirmation surgery where they genitally mutilate children, that's okay with Leslie Stahl, but don't you dare call a Democrat a pedophile.
  And don't you dare air Marjorie Taylor Greene doing it either.
  We're now joined by Dr. Simone Gold, frontline doctor, truth teller, politically persecuted, you name it, she's been through it.
  And she joins us now on the Alex Jones Show.
  Dr. Simone Gold, there's so much we can talk about today.
  I know you've been politically persecuted.
  You're seeing them do it to Trump now.
  I mean, I guess I would ask you this.
  A lot of people don't really understand what's going on because they haven't had to deal with it personally.
  And unfortunately, the one thing that might actually save this country, and I hate to say it because I don't want to see it come to this, because it's going to be miserable.
  It's going to be filled with suffering.
   But sadly, The political persecution and the criminal element that runs this country until it comes to your front door and knocks on your door and wants to abuse you, you really can't believe it.
  You can't even believe it's going on.
  And that's why the COVID phenomenon was such a major awakening moment because now here they are making you wear a mask, making your kids wear a mask, making you take this injection, making your kids take the injection, shutting down your business.
  So it was like that was the first time for a lot of people the tyranny came to your front door.
   But for you, It went well beyond that with the political persecution.
  So what warning would you give Americans watching this happen to Trump, even if they hate Trump, watching this political persecution happening to Trump, what warning do you think they need to have thinking that this is just Donald Trump that this is going to happen to?
  Thank you so much for the question.
  So I've been an experienced emergency physician for more than 20 years when SARS-2 came to America.
  I want to remind people, I'm not sure you know, even Owen, I'm also an attorney.
  So I was looking at what was going on.
  It was very clear to me that we had a medical issue, which we doctors could have handled, but we had a legal crisis, a constitutional crisis.
  And this is what I started speaking out again.
  Again, really, as early as April 2020, I do think I'm a little bit different than the average physician because I really saw the legal threat very, very early.
  It makes no difference if you like Trump, dislike Trump.
   We have a situation where Trump, as a potential defendant, was investigated
   by the federal government, I think it was like 2016 or 2000, whenever that was,
   2015, 16, the federal government, who was itching to get Trump, refused to
  indict because there simply isn't the evidence there.
   Then a person who is a known liar, a perjury, Michael Cohen, implicates
   Trump, and now the state of New York has picked this up in an effort to derail Trump.
  So how bizarre is that?
  Let's say you're a hardcore, you hate Trump.
  Do you really think that we should live in a country where the federal government says, Hey, this isn't a thing.
  Five years later, the person runs for office and then the state says, this is the thing and we're going to go after it.
  This is incredibly dangerous from a legal perspective.
  I saw a lot of tyranny.
  In the medical system that just became that came into focus in 2020, but we would never have been able to have had the medical tyranny that we've been experiencing the last three years if it hadn't been built up to really it started slowly in the 80s and 90s and it just took tremendous when a tremendous speed of the medical tyranny starting really in 2008 with Obamacare.
  So understand that when you see somebody like a former president being indicted, that's really the last or second to last step in collapse in that case of the judicial system.
  Medical tyranny was only possible in 2020.
  It was the last step in like about a 30 year process of medical tyranny being institutionalized.
  Well, and it just became so normalized, too, where a lot of people, when they look at it from a different perspective, like one way to get people to understand the vaccine tyranny is when they see the images of the baby with 76 vaccines throughout their body or the list of all the injections they get before they even turn one year old.
  But they're not really thinking about it in time.
  They're under the fear.
  They're just in the moment with all the emotions.
  And they're told, you need to get all these vaccines or your baby's gonna die from all these different diseases.
  And everybody does it.
  It's perfectly safe.
  And so it just feels routine, part of the procedure.
   But then when you kind of step back after it and you look at the Oh wait, wow, 76 injections?
  Oh wow, these, my baby weighs, you know, my baby weighs 8 pounds or whatever and I put in a pound of liquids, foreign fluids, into their bodies before they even turn one?
  You know, that's the kind of stuff where it's like, whoa, what, actually, what is this?
  Is that the type of medical tyranny you're talking about?
  The slow creep?
  Yeah, for sure it's a slow creep.
  I don't know if it's true or false, but there's that old story about you drop a frog into boiling water and he jumps up right away, but if you put him into water and you heat it up degree by degree by degree, he stays in until he's boiled.
  It's exactly like that.
  There's been this creeping tyranny, and really across our entire society, and it just became so obvious after 2020 that doctors like myself had to step out and point it out.
  You know, ER doctors are essentially like MacGyvers.
  We find solutions.
  I've really spent the last couple of years figuring out what is the solution for the average American, because you're right.
  The average American really doesn't know what to believe.
  They're being pummeled with misinformation and tyranny all around them incrementally, right?
  So they need better sources.
  Infowars does that.
  Volcare does that.
  So we need to keep sounding the alarm.
   But if the question is, If there's an actual crisis now, it's a four alarm crisis, five alarm crisis.
  I like to say that I think Americans would have recognized economic tyranny.
  We've been kind of warned about that.
  You know, communist nations like in the past that would do poorly because of the money and then we knew about religious tyranny like Venezuela, Cuba, etc.
   I think we were ill-prepared For medical tyranny.
  Well, it turns out, of all the ways in which tyranny can enter a nation, medical is actually the fastest.
  We saw a complete collapse.
  If you look back on history, this is actually common.
  This is a trick they do all the time.
  I like to reference people to the French Revolution, Robespierre, Reign of Terror.
   They had a committee on public safety and the committee on public safety
  basically did away with people's civil rights.
  And they could only do that because people are so afraid.
   So be forewarned that medical tyranny is really just a gateway drug into tyranny
   and it was much more effective and much more rapid than religious tyranny and economic tyranny.
  Don't be lulled because you think it's medical or doctor.
  It's simply the gateway drug to tyranny.
   Well, and look at what suffering came to people that didn't take the vaccine.
  A lot of people lost their jobs when the shutdowns happened.
  A lot of people lost their businesses.
  People removed from the military, kicked out of their schools.
  I mean, like you said, it happened in the blink of an eye.
  And it was fear.
  Fear was the launch platform.
  I wrote an article early on, right?
  April 2020.
  And I said, you know, a thief, a mugger, a thief can rob you, like, in the middle of the day, right?
  They, you know, put a gun, give me your money, etc.
  Or he can just kind of do a stealth maneuver when you're not looking, like an embezzler, for example.
  That's what we're in the middle of.
  We are in the middle of losing our freedoms incrementally because it's being advertised as something different.
   For example, Digital currency that's where we're kind of going and people are being sold the myth.
  Well, not the myth They're being sold part of the truth, which is hey, this would be super convenient I mean who wouldn't think it's convenient, you know to just pay with digital currency But they're not being told the other part of it Which you can be completely controlled if another entity controls all the money that you possess, right?
   so the media is out there explaining part of the story not the other part and This is very biased.
  It's called omission bias.
  It's when media or other people tell you truth, but only a half-truth, and then you miss the whole thing.
  That's what happened during COVID.
  We were told things that were kind of half-true and partial truths.
  But the good news, I don't like people to get too depressed.
  The good news is there really are people fighting back.
  In my area of medical, there really are people fighting back, and we are going to bring you the truth, and there is a way forward.
  Now, what is that fight looking like right now?
  Because sadly, the exposure is not where it needs to be.
  Listen, we have an uphill battle.
  The left, it's not classic liberals, it's leftist, Marxist.
  They control the levers of most power in our nation, right?
  They certainly control the media, they control academics.
  Academia.
  But there's a lot of things the average person can do to fight back.
  For one, you have to put your money into businesses that align with your values.
  So, Public Square, you know, is one that's kind of putting forth all the businesses.
  Infowars, you have to support the media people who are telling you the truth.
  You have to not support, in my lane, you have to not support medical Marxism.
   I talk about this a lot, that what we have in America Is medical Marxism which is simply going to be Marxism and what I mean by that is every month Most Americans pay a lot of money to an insurance company either They're paying it themselves if they're self-insured or they're paying it partially with their employer and the employers paying it But we spend a lot of money in fact the average family for spends $2,000 every month for insurance company the insurance company then
  Controls the narrative about they do lobbying, they do investing with that money.
  We're up against a break.
  Let's let's pick this up from the beginning.
  Medical Marxism with Dr. Simone Gold right here on the Alex Jones Show.
  Don't go anywhere.
  Dr. Simone Gold is our guest, doctor, lawyer, warrior, and she was just getting into the phenomenon.
  Let's start over from the beginning.
  You were cut off by the break.
  Medical Marxism with Dr. Simone Gold.
  Go ahead.
  Thank you so much, and I realize that this is not a subject most people know about, so let me explain.
  First of all, we are on the side of humans.
  I got into this fight because they really wanted to kill people.
  I was working in the emergency department, and they were telling me not to use safe medications that save people's lives, and they tried to fire me because of that, and I became a whistleblower.
  That's why I'm here.
  Everything that has happened to me in the last three years is because I stood up for human rights.
  I was listening to Alex, and we are really the pro-human side, and they are really anti-human.
  So how does this relate to the average person sitting at home in their car when I talk about medical Marxism?
  What is that?
  We have an industry in America that we call health care.
  Health care is 20% of our GDP.
  So consider that for a moment.
  Defense is about 4% of our GDP.
  So health care is about 20%.
  It's 19 to be specific.
  So whatever's going on with health care is going to dominate and control our whole nation.
  That's where we have to get a grip on it.
  And that's where medical Marxism needs to concern you.
  You might say, what do I mean by that?
  I mean, there's a kind of a socialized system that's kind of the administrative state or the government that is controlling everything that has to do with medical care, doctors, nurses, hospitals, all of that.
  And you might say, how is this being funded?
   And I hate to tell you, But you, the average American, is funding the system.
  It might be even Owen or Alex that's funding it by mistake because you don't know.
  When you pay insurance premiums every month, you are literally funding the system that is restricting your medical freedom.
  For example, Medicare, for example.
  Medicare during the COVID years had policies in place that were lethal to Medicare recipients.
  You thought something was wrong.
  You're right.
   I was a board certified ER doctor for more than 20 years, and I'm telling you, it was It stinks.
  They were killing people.
  They had Medicare policies that would pay more money if you took a lethal medicine, Remdesivir, and not if you took a life-saving medicine, Ivermectin.
  So when I say that there are insurance companies and government interest and payer interest in controlling your health, that's what I mean.
  So, there is no medical freedom if you have an insurance company because they dictate the terms to the hospital and the doctors.
  In addition, your premiums are going to support the system.
  Your premiums is why our health expenses are 19.7% of our GDP.
  Turns out there's an amazing solution.
  You can safely step away from the insurance model, which is funding the medical Marxism.
  I actually stepped away 10 years ago.
   So the average person is spending, average family is spending $24,000 a year
   in premiums that they think are premiums that are getting them access to healthcare,
   but in fact those premiums are being used to oppress us as people.
   And I'm urging everyone who's listening to please step outside the insurance model.
   One solution is to come to goldcare.com and we will teach you exactly how to safely leave
  the medical Marxist insurance industry behind.
   If we don't leave it behind, all the patriots in this nation don't leave
  the insurance model behind, we have lost the war.
  It doesn't even matter all the other issues.
   Well, this is why Obamacare was so key for their authoritarianism because they wanted
   to make that the permanent infrastructure that you could not escape
  and they would have full control over.
  Correct.
  I'm so glad you said that.
  So Obama nearly succeeded in moving us entirely to a socialist system without you noticing it.
  Because what he did with Obamacare is he took control of 20% of the economy.
  So if you control that 20%, the rest is just going to fall and it's just going to be socialism.
  So what happened when Trump came into office is he halted the enforcement of Obamacare.
  So you don't have to pay any attention to it now.
  Because of that, there's an opening, there's a way in that doesn't involve the insurance industry, where you use something that's biblically based.
  We have a biblically based model of healthcare cost sharing that keeps you safe, that keeps your family protected, that gives you a safety net if you have an accident or some very expensive situation.
   And it's entirely outside the insurance model, which is not only very expensive, very expensive, It is costing you medical freedom if you've got an insurance plan, you can't decide who you want to go to, can't decide which hospital or doctor you prefer, and three, is contributing or causing the government to be able to control our money to a very large extent.
  You need to exit the insurance model for all of those reasons.
   Can you give somebody like a A practical example of this or something that they could sink their teeth into to make it easier to understand because this is truly a scary concept but unless you can actually understand it and see maybe a real-life example they might not understand why this is so scary.
  Thank you so much for the question.
  It's hard.
  I talk very conceptually.
  Let's give you a real-world example.
  This is somebody who just switched over to our solution, which is GoldCare.
  So this person had been working for 15 to 20 years for a university.
  She has a good position there.
  She got Kaiser insurance with her employer, and that was $1,950 every single month, and she paid about half of that, and the employer paid about half of that.
  She was very, very scared, like most people are.
  To leave that insurance model, like that's what we've been raised on.
  It's like mother's milk to us.
  We think, oh my God, I can't go without health insurance.
  But I said, if you're going to come to work for Goal Care, you can't have insurance.
  It's completely inconsistent.
  So she took the leap, she jumped, she came over to Goal Care.
  How does it work?
  We give you access to honorable ethical doctors and we give you, we have created a health care, we partnered with a health care cost sharing ministry.
  Healthcare cost-sharing ministries are the future.
  Just as it says in the Bible, you shall carry and lift up each other's burdens.
  That's what a healthcare cost-sharing ministry is.
  In the 1980s, there was an Amish pastor or farmer and he had huge medical bills for an accident.
  The community got together and shared his bills because the Amish do not believe in health insurance and generally they don't need it.
  But his was very expensive.
  The community got together, they paid his bills, and the industry of healthcare cost-sharing ministries was born.
  Obama tried to get rid of it with Obamacare, but he couldn't.
  It was grandfathered in, it's completely illegal.
  So this is a legal entity that's been around for 40 years, and we're bringing it to the masses.
   GoldCare.com, you have access to doctors like myself who are truth-tellers, and you have a safety net that you pay for About half the price of your insurance premiums and you have complete flexibility to choose whoever you want to see.
  Now I understand why you have been so politically persecuted, because I will tell you, folks, the first people they go after are the solutionaries.
  That's why they go after Donald Trump, that's why they go after Alex Jones, that's why they go after Simone Gold, because they want to go after the people that are providing solutions and alternative options to the tyranny, and that's what you've done!
  And so they want to intimidate you and try to shut you down, it hasn't worked, here you are.
  May I share something?
  This sounds so kind of radical and it's really not.
  It's essentially like self-pay.
  I really want to invite you, Owen, because you do your listeners a tremendous service.
  I'd like to show you the model yourself.
  I'd love you to consider switching.
  You will then become such an advocate because you have so much more medical freedom yourself.
  You'll be able to see whichever doctor you like.
  You'll be safe in case there's a big accident because the group will share your cost if there is.
  The average person is spending $24,000.
   would finally propel the person on my team who made the leap, who got over her fear,
  was I said, "You know what?
   You spent a quarter million dollars with the health insurance company over 10 years and
   you got essentially no value and that quarter million dollars was being used by the industry
  to oppress your medical freedom."
   And all along the way, she had co-pays and deductibles and co-insurance and co-fees.
  So when you looked at the dollars and cents, we're much better.
  And when you look at the medical freedom, we're much better.
  And when you look from the patron angle, can we save our nation by pulling back on this Marxist model for our health industry?
  Yes, everyone listening can do this.
  Well, let me just tell you, you know, I'm not really the boss around here.
  I might be the interim boss for today.
  You know, maybe Alex might be interested.
  The problem is with all the lawsuits and stuff, I can't even go into the bank account to put gas in the tank without getting like five levels of clearance.
  But let's continue this conversation on the other side.
   Dr. Simone Gold is my guest and This is such a perfect example of something I have been trying to explain to American communists, specifically people in my generation.
  I'm 33 years old, that were sold these big lies about communism and how great it is, and I used to try to explain something to them, and now it's really Dr. Gold's healthcare solution is a perfect example.
  And what I would try to explain to the American communists my age is that they're not actually communists, that they're actually fascists and authoritarians.
  And they couldn't understand it.
  And I said, let me explain to you why you're not a real communist.
  What you should be supporting, if you're a communist, is the free market.
  If you're an actual communist, you should be a free market communist.
  Because in the free market, you can be whatever you want.
  You can be a communist if you want in the free market.
   You can, like for example, Let's say I've got, this might be a bad example, but I'll just use it.
  People can relate to sports analogies, and so I use them.
  Let's say I'm a big sports fan, and I've got 20 of my buddies that I went to college with, and we all love University of Texas football.
  We just love UT football so much, and we all went to the games in college, but...
  We're not really sure who's going to be successful or poor, but we decide, you know what?
  Between the 20 of us, we're going to make sure every year that we have these 20 season tickets, and we'll make sure that we group fund the cost for 20 season tickets a year.
  Even if Ed over here may not be doing so well financially, Jim over here had a good year.
  He can front the cost of the tickets.
  That's free market capitalism.
  Again, that's a bland example.
  Dr. Simone's example is even a better example.
  But that's what I try to explain to communists, millennial communists, that they're not actual communists, they're fascists.
  If you want to be a communist in America, you need to support the free market.
  Because you can actually be a communist.
  You need to be for less taxes, you need to be for no taxes.
  Quite frankly, because that's the only way you'll actually have control over your funds and the commune that you decide.
  So you could say, hey, we're going to build our own little community.
  We're going to pool our money together and whatever we want to do with this money, like some sort of a glorified HOA, if you will, which is, again, a form of fascism, not communism.
  But your website is the perfect solution, it's the perfect example.
  Why should we all be paying these expensive, exorbitant, most of the time useless health insurance costs when you can instead withdraw from that system and then have your own system?
  Again, I'm not promoting communism here.
  I'm just saying, if you're a communist in America, you ought to be supporting the free market because that allows you the option to do stuff like what you're doing, Dr. Gold.
  Exactly.
  I'm kind of laughing.
  I think your analogies are exactly right.
  The one I was just thinking of is Apple products.
  You know, Apple's like a closed system.
  So when you have a closed system, you have a lot of flexibility to do so they get less viruses and it's like a closed system.
  So they charge a lot and they have a closed system.
  So what GoldCare did, we don't charge a lot, but it's kind of a closed system.
  We've walled out the government.
  We've walled out the insurance industry.
  So you get better price, better value, more freedom.
  You can do what you want from a health care perspective.
   We have a wellness Bias, non-illness bias, so you have all that great stuff which you'd want really for any price you'd want that but in addition it's lower price and in addition it stops funding this Marxist and you're exactly right by the way of course it's not communism it's fascism but we've been sold it as communism which is why I say communism.
   You know right before the break you had said something that caught my ears it said you know you said you can't even hardly go to a gas station now with people knowing You need to understand that doctors have been enlisted in the war to spy on you.
  I'm not joking.
  What do I mean?
  Let me tell you.
  There's something in medicine called the ICD-10 codes.
  Basically, every couple of years, the government comes out with a book and it's called the ICD-10 Diagnostic Codes.
  Everything in medicine.
   is driven by the ICD diagnostic codes. There's like 10,000 of them. If you've got chest pain
   or belly pain or foot ache or eye pain, whatever, it has a code. This is how the system of medical
  care functions in our nation is by the ICD-10 codes.
  For the first time ever in the history of American medicine, there's now an ICD-10 code for being unvaccinated.
  This has never existed in the history of our nation and there's no medical reason for it because within the definition of that ICD-10 code for the unvaccinated, it has an exception.
  You shouldn't use it if there was a medical reason not to be vaccinated.
  So, for example, if you had a cardiac arrest and you decide, from the first shot, you decide not to take another shot, you don't use that code.
  But if a person, I guess, is resistant or awake and has noticed that these things aren't good for you and has decided not to take it, your doctor lists an ICD-10 code on your chart.
  You are now labeled as a person who's unvaccinated.
  They're not using it now, but you bet your bottom dollar, they will.
  Hold on, this is actually huge.
  I want you to continue explaining this.
  Folks, this is so key.
  The government is literally being turned into a weapon against you.
  I don't think people understand this.
  They really can't fathom that this is happening in America.
  Because the phenomenon that you have just explained has been going on in the banking industry for years.
  Like, everybody thought, oh, I think it was Bank of America sold out people that went to D.C.
  They shared with the government all your data.
  Folks, they've been doing that for years!
  That's just the one that made the news!
   The government tore, I think it was actually the FDIC, Told bankers that if somebody comes in and makes a large cash deposit or big cash withdrawal to put them on a list to be spied on.
  So, I mean, you can't go to the bank without the government spying on you.
  You can't go to your doctor without the government spying on you.
  I mean, this authoritarian government is spying on you all the time.
  There is no privacy anymore.
  Right.
  So you're 100% right.
  So what I'm here to tell you is that doctors have mostly unwittingly, some on purpose, mostly unwittingly, your doctor has been inscripted in the surveillance state.
  Your doctor literally is giving the government information about essentially your political views.
  Right?
  You're like, I don't want to get the shot.
  And you had no medical reason not to get the shot according to the government.
  And they put a code next to your name.
  And again, there are you the only there is no medical reason for this.
   It is only So this isn't like if I smoke a pack of cigarettes a day and I tell my doctor and then I'm paying a higher premium.
  No, this is a number, an ICD.
  Like, if you have hypertension, for example, you get an ICD-10 code.
  It's on your chart.
  You always have it.
  It's part of your, you know, official record.
  Any hospital doctor you see literally has that ICD-10 code.
  There is now, for the first time in history, an ICD-10 code that tells the world that you've chosen not to be vaccinated.
  Oh my God!
  Like, this is huge.
  This is huge.
   This is the government enlisting hospitals and doctors to spy on you.
  And we're not realizing it, right?
   You're just talking to your doctor, you're just having a conversation.
  Your doctor doesn't know they've been used as a tool.
  You don't know that the doctor's been used as a tool.
  This is why you must exit the system.
   If there was another solution, I wouldn't have spent two years building a new system.
  If there was any way to salvage...
   I don't ever call it the healthcare system, by the way, Owen.
  I call it the death care system.
  If there was any way to salvage the death care system, that's what I would have put my attention to.
  It's impossible.
  Patriots, Christians need to walk out of the medical Marxism, the death care system.
  One amazing solution is gold care, gold care plus.
  You know, I brought it for not, I brought it for free market solution because if we don't have free market solutions in America for all of our industries, we're going to collapse.
  Well, and you know, look, folks, obviously, stuff happens, you know, you can get into a car accident, maybe you need some serious surgery, there's all kinds of bad stuff that happens, and, you know, we want to be able to be taken care of for that, but, you know, I think people need to understand something, and we do preach this all the time, but I want to make sure that this sinks in.
  You gotta be in the best health you can possibly be in.
  There are certain factors you have control over.
  You have control over what you eat, you have control over what you drink, you have control over what goes into your body, you know, exercise routines.
  You better be maximizing your health the best that you possibly can.
  You don't want to have to go to a hospital because of something that was in your control.
  Again, car accidents, stuff like that.
  Yeah, go ahead.
  So I want to share with you how important that is.
  The death care industry is financially modeled on illness.
  In other words, you go to a doctor, you want to get like a wellness checkup, for example.
  For that visit to be paid by the insurance company, typically there has to be some kind of disease attached to it.
  So they'll say pre-hypertension or pre-diabetes.
  They'll say something.
  In other words, the whole orientation, the whole bias is towards being ill.
  We have entirely the opposite bias.
  So like the doctors won't even hear from you unless you can prove you're actually sick because you don't eat healthy or something.
  We're up against a break.
  Finish your thoughts on this on the other side, Dr. Simone Gold.
  We'll be right back.
  Alright, final segment here with Dr. Simone Gold.
  You were cut off by the last break.
  You can continue that discussion or wherever you want to go here in the last segment, Dr. Simone Gold.
  Thank you so much.
  You know, you touched on wellness and illness and staying healthy.
  So you might have all the best intentions in the world, but you go to a mainstream physician and they're really oriented towards illness or oriented towards writing prescriptions for you.
  This is just how the world is right now.
  So what Gold Care does, among the things we do differently, is we have a real wellness focus.
  We have traditional, conventional doctors like myself, but we work exactly hand-in-hand with wellness doctors, functional doctors, dieticians, spiritual coaches, faith leaders.
  It's one and the same to keep you healthy.
  We don't want to maintain you on medications.
  We actually have a service that we offer everyone who's on three prescriptions or more which is called deprescribing.
  We get you off your prescription medications if you possibly can come off and almost everybody can come off at least some if not all of their prescription medications.
  That's one reason to check us out, just this huge wellness focus.
  Another reason is the privacy model.
  Another reason is the same reason that InfoWars exists.
  We have to support those businesses that are challenging, you know, the Marxist or fascist takeover of our nation.
  So if you're interested from a wellness perspective, if you're interested in the privacy, if you're interested in defunding medical Marxism, GoldCare.com is for you.
  I built it for the Patriot Movement and Christians.
  Well, and these are the solutions that we can have to slowly pull ourselves back from the globalist, Marxist, digital enslavement of the planet that they're trying to just sleepwalk us into.
   And, I mean, from where we're at right now, I mean, the awakening is definitely on.
  There's no denial there's an awakening on.
  I know you've seen this, I've seen this.
  But at that same time, the tyranny is pressing the gas as well.
  I don't know if that's just part of their plan or if that's in response to the awakening.
  What do you think, I mean, what has to happen for the average American to wake up?
  What is the threshold going to be?
  Is it going to be when the banks collapse and they have nothing left to lose?
  Is it going to be when their son comes home from school in a dress talking about how they want to chop their balls off?
  Is it going to be when Trump gets arrested and then we never see him again?
  They just disappear him?
  I mean, what is it going to take, do you think?
  Yeah, so I actually think it's just incumbent on every single person to do something.
  I think people get overwhelmed.
  They think, what can I do?
  And, you know, Trump has been indicted.
  What can I do?
  Or the banks are failing.
  What can I do?
  That's my lane, is to give you a practical solution to a huge problem in our nation.
  Most people don't think of the death care system, the health care system, as a national security threat.
  I'm telling you, it's a national security threat because it's controlling our economy.
  And it's also a personal threat to you directly.
   And I'm also telling you, You personally can do something about it.
  You personally can start defunding that Marxist medical model.
  So I would say don't think you can't make a difference.
  You can start marching your dollars out of one category and into another category.
  Absolutely.
  I go around the nation.
  I speak publicly all the time.
  People are absolutely waking up.
  But I think they think there's nothing they can do.
  And there is.
  So when you talk to these people, I mean... May I just add one thing?
  I'm sorry, Owen.
  I just want to say that people need to compare their medical solution.
  It's very similar to the college-university system.
  A lot of people now realize, I will never send my kids to college.
  By the way, I've got two kids, two teenagers, you know?
  I'm like, I don't even want them to go to college.
  I have two doctorate degrees.
  I mean, I love education.
  I'm telling you, you know, most awake people, like, don't go to college.
  It's like poisoning your children.
  The same thing in the death care system.
  You are funding it.
  Unlike the college, which you don't have to pay for, you're voluntarily paying, you know, United Health Group, and you're paying Kaiser, and those groups are controlling our medical freedom.
  So you can do something about it.
  And it's the for-profit system, right?
  It's the for-profit system.
  They want you eating unhealthy foods so that you end up at the doctor's office.
  They want you to take a vaccine with a side effect so they can tell you need another vaccine at the doctor's office.
  Listen, they've set it up perfectly.
  In what universe would you set up a system where the doctor only gets like 10 or 15 very fast minutes and he has to spend all that time charting, and that's all the time he has with the patient, if not to push drugs?
  I mean, how can you have real advice to a patient if you've got to go through it like on a treadmill every 15 minutes seeing a new patient?
  The only way to get through your day as a doctor in an outpatient clinic is to write prescriptions.
  So we've stepped out of that.
  I just want the average American to understand, you may not recognize the harm that's befalling you personally by being in the medical system, but consider what I said.
  Consider that they're tracking you with ICD-10 codes that your doctor has.
  Consider that they're writing prescriptions for you that you probably don't need.
  Consider that Medicare has policies that were killing Medicare recipients.
  Consider all those things.
  Let that motivate you to stop funding the insurance model and really come home to GoalCare.com.
  Alright, Dr. Simone Gold, where can people follow your work and support you?
  Yes, I'm always on Twitter, always spreading the truth on Twitter, Dr. Simone Gold.
  And again, I can't say enough that you really should check out GoalCare.com.
  You know, I built it with a team, an incredible team, as a response to medical Marxism.
  It offers you, personally, a better solution.
  It also gives you the chance to take a patriotic step to save our nation.
  Well, like I said, I'm just kind of the interim head man here today, but if that's something that, you know, InfoWars can be a part of and Alex is interested, we'll see if we can make that happen.
  My invitation, I just meant to like off the cuff personally because I understand, and of course to InfoWars, but I understand this is sort of a lot to take in in an hour, but the truth is we've done all the complexity.
  You just need to come over and switch.
  You literally just have to jump over the line, jump over the broom, jump over and switch to a better model.
   I want to reassure people, I made this switch for myself personally 10 years ago before I conceived the one that I've launched.
  I made the switch 10 years ago.
  It's safe.
  You can do it.
  If you have a car accident or something, you're still protected.
  So I'd love to talk with you more about it.
  We've partnered with a lot of people because this is essentially a national security issue, getting control of our medical system.
  Yeah, and just having the freedom of choice.
  Dr. Simone Gold, thank you so much.
  Godspeed and God bless.
  Thank you.
  All right, ladies and gentlemen.
  A couple things to address here.
  Gerald Celente is going to be hosting the fourth hour of today's Alex Jones Show.
  I've still got a ton of news and we'll be covering Donald Trump landing in New York and all the chaos that's going on.
  There's a huge rally outside of Trump Tower in New York City happening right now.
  Joe Biden couldn't draw a crowd if he was giving away free cars.
  And Trump supporters show up to support Donald Trump, even though they know the Democrats may come after him and arrest him.
  But yeah, 85 million votes for Biden.
  He's the winner, I'm sure.
  But two things I need to address here.
  And I don't know how much time I want to spend on this because it's not really my issue to tell.
  And Alex has basically talked about it before.
  But if you're tuning in today and you're saying, where's Alex?
  Alex, where's Alex?
   He's dealing with some other stuff, but there's probably a level of burnout, folks.
  I'm going to be honest with you.
  And I'm honored that Alex trusts me enough and this crew enough to be taking some extra time off for some personal time and some family time and to deal with some other issues that he just ignores because he's been fighting the Infowar for so long.
  So that's what's going on.
  And he deserves some time to decompress and spend with family.
  But I understand why people tune in and they hear me more often and they don't tune in to hear me, they tune in to hear Alex.
  I get it.
  Believe me, as a talk radio obsessed individual, I know you tune in to hear Alex and when you don't, you get upset.
  But believe me, with the level of burnout that I go through and the crew goes through, I can't even imagine it for Alex.
  Now I'm not going to sit here and act like there's some magic remedy and maybe you can make Alex feel better, I don't know.
  But I will tell you this, I've been on air for three hours and I've barely even plugged the products once.
   And so, It's already a major burden and frustration with Alex when he's dealing with getting funding in here all the time and he's just trying to make sure we can pay the bills and pay the crew and not shut this place down.
  You know, on a weekly basis he goes through that.
  So, I barely even plugged and so now I'm part of the problem.
  So I hope you'll go to Infowarsstore.com and think about financially supporting us.
  But by the way, you're going to get a great product.
  Whether it's the Brain Force Plus or the Brain Force Ultra, the Nootropic that I love so much.
  Whether it's the Bone Broth Plus that I am drinking in my coffee today because it tastes great in coffee, also great in protein shakes.
  Whether it's the turmeric toothpaste that is so popular and selling off the shelves right now, just like all the other toothpaste from InfowarsStore.com that actually is sold out, but turmeric is still in stock.
  Whether it's the emergency food supplies that you'd rather have and not need, than need and not have.
  Whether it's the air filtration, the water filtration.
   We make it easy to financially support us when you shop at InfowarsStore.com, or if you don't want to buy a product, You can go right to the donation page.
  So I don't know if there's a cure for the for the burnout that Alex has felt fighting this for 20 years and probably wondering every day.
  I'll be honest folks because it's all about victory here.
  That's why I've dedicated myself to Alex because I know it's all about victory.
  But you might make him a little less stressed if he sees there's a lot of funding coming into InfoWarsStore.com today.
  I think that might relieve his stress just a little bit.
   We now have three new game changing products that are in stock at InfoWarsTore.com and
   one of our best selling products sold out for over a year that's now back in stock.
  Our prebiotic does need any introduction.
   with such amazing things for your gut flora, your overall health.
  What it does is essential.
  Go read about it at Infolaretor.com.
   And now, the fourth toothpaste designed by my dad, the last two were big hits.
  This one is really special.
   It's turmeric concentrate with a bunch of other essential oils and so much more to take
  your mouth's health to the next level.
   We also have high quality ashwagandha root for your libido, your stamina, your testosterone
  with black pepper extract to accelerate it as a pill.
   And we have ashwagandha root gummies as well, very strong, very powerful.
  Now in stock at Infowarestore.com.
   Go there, experience these great products and others and fund the InfoWar.
  The only way we fail is not taking action.
  God bless you.
   Now please visit InfoWarestore.com and experience these powerful products for yourself.
  
  
  After being suppressed for almost a year by the US--
  Department of Health and Human Services, a new report has been released which uses dozens of studies to prove that fluoride consumption lowers the IQ of children.
  Internal emails show that the report was blocked by the Transgender Assistant Health Secretary, Rachel Levine, and concealed from public since May of 2022.
  As reported by Capital in Maine on March 14th in an article titled, Health Officials Delayed Report Linking Fluoride to Brain Harm, quote, Last May, the National Toxicology Program was set to release its eagerly awaited report into the cognitive and neurodevelopmental impacts on humans from fluoride exposure.
  It was to review studies which link fluoridated water to cognitive harm in children.
  But, quote, before the NTP could release the report, they were blocked, said Linda Birnbaum, NTP director until 2019.
  Apparently, the U.S.
  Department of Health and Human Services hid the report after criticism from organizations that advocate water fluoridation.
  Such as the American Dental Association, who casted doubt on the report.
  In February of 2022, the American Dental Association emailed Rachel Levine and others, asking the NTP to exclude or carefully consider how to characterize any lingering neurotoxin claims from the report because it might, quote, undermine national, state, and local efforts to expand community water fluoridation.
  Well, that's the whole point in reviewing if fluoride could be a neurotoxin.
  To avoid more harm to people, especially children, through water fluoridation.
  Let alone expand the practice, a practice which most of the world rejects.
  And many countries have even outlawed it, especially in Europe.
  So after a subpoena forced the NTP to release the report, it was quietly published for the public to view.
  In the report's overall findings, they concluded, quote, "...the data support an inverse association between fluoride exposure and children's IQ."
  They even put it more simply, stating, quote, "...evaluated IQ in children provide consistent evidence that higher fluoride exposure is associated with lower IQ scores."
  Even adding that, quote, "...subtle shifts in IQ at the population level have a profound impact."
  However, even though 52 of 55 studies found decreases in child IQ with increased fluoride, the National Toxicology Program says they have found, quote, no obvious threshold for total fluoride exposure or water fluoride exposure.
  Just like with COVID, it's a tale of two sciences.
  So why does the U.S.
  government fluoridate our water?
  What science is there to back up the fact that 73% of people connected with community water systems receive fluoridated water?
  Just over two-thirds of the U.S.
  population.
  It's important to point out that fluoride is a term generally used to refer to a variety of chemical compounds made from fluorine.
  These chemical compounds are the toxic waste product from various industries, such as nuclear weapons manufacturing, aluminum production, and the mining of minerals used in fertilizers.
  Because the proper disposal of such toxic waste is expensive, these industries have found a way to make their waste product profitable.
  By selling it off as a helpful agent of dental hygiene.
  However, these compounds are toxic to the human body, to our bones, our hormones, and our minds.
  To learn more about the history of fluoridated water, read Christopher Bryson's book, The Fluoride Deception.
  Or watch the documentary, Fluoride, Poison on Tap.
  Directed and produced by the same team who brought you COVID Land with Info Wars.
  The documentary features Edward Group, Mike Adams, and various scientists and health experts who break down the entire fluoride hoax that's been perpetrated on the American people.
  Also, remember to filter your tap water, because chances are, our government will never stop pouring toxic waste into the water supply.
  Visit InfoWarsStore.com to browse which filtration system is best for you and your family.
  This is Brian Wilson with InfoWars.com.
  Hey, great being on the Alex Jones Show.
  And again, everybody do all you can to support InfoWars, because InfoWars, Alex Jones and the crew, who work very, very hard, are doing all they can to support you.
  Because, uh...
  You know, freedom of speech is dead in America.
  You're not allowed to talk about it.
  If you don't swallow the crap coming out of mainstream media, you have no right to think at all.
  And speaking of crap, I was listening to that, um, what they was talking about with Rachel Levin, who's our health secretary over there.
  How about Lola?
  Lola, L-O-L-A, Lola.
  Take it easy, Rachel.
  You know nothing about health.
  Just take a look at yourself.
  You got more chins than Chinatown.
  You're telling me about health?
  And if you want to destroy yourself to be somebody else, you know, take it easy, Baby Cakes!
  Ain't my trip, so shove it!
  Because Rachel Lola, L-O-L-A Lola, with a bad attitude, who tells people what to do.
  Hey!
  I'm the head of the health department in Pennsylvania!
  You do what I tell you!
  I'm out of my... Don't know who I am, where I've been, what I've become, what am I gonna be?
  But I'll tell you who I'm gonna be.
  How could people swallow the crap coming out of this clown's mouth?
  Oh, by the way, Lola.
  Lola, L-O-L-A, Lola.
  Yeah.
  This is the first book I worked on.
  Natural Healing.
  That's right.
  Natural Healing.
  Oh, a Warner book.
  Oh, yeah.
  Big book.
  Yeah, in the 1980s.
  Oh, and Lola, L-O-L-E-L-O-Y-A, I have an honorary doctorate from the National University of Health Sciences, and you're shoving out your BS and telling me to swallow it as you're getting jabbed and selling crap?
   And how could people be so damn stupid To listen to jerks like this or anywhere else.
  Look at the freak show that they call America.
  This is the decline of the Roman Empire.
  One jerk after another telling us what to do.
  Oh, you look up to Lindsey Graham?
  Look at that little nothing of a boy!
  Hey, you and Lola would be a great couple, man.
  Now we're talking.
  Oh, yeah.
  Lindsey meets Lola, and it's love at first sight.
  How about Chucky Schumer?
  A little clown over here.
  That's the Senator of New York!
  Hey, I'm Chucky Schumer.
  I'll tell you what to do.
  Schumer or later, you better listen to me.
  I'm a little piece of scum crap who loves war that couldn't fight my way out of a paper bag.
  If a man came to me, I wouldn't know what to do.
  I'm... I'm the senator.
  Don't... You... You don't do this to me.
   One little freak after another, Telling us what to do.
  You need more proof?
  Look at this little nothing!
  Look at this little arrogant piece of scum nothing!
  Hey, I'm your senator!
  Hey, hey, cazón!
  How about public servant?
  Could you swallow that?
  How about all you little pieces of political crap?
  I pay you!
  You steal my money!
  Don't you tell me what to do!
  Oh, no, no, no.
  I'm a good American.
  I listen to what I'm being told.
  I've been brainwashed all my life, and I listen to lowlifes.
  I hear people complaining about Trump.
  Trump ain't my cat, man.
  He backtracked on things he was going to do.
  Again, as the way I see it.
  You know, you're going to fix the infrastructure.
  The infrastructure is crap.
  Or build a wall.
  You built a little nothing.
  Or you gave the tax breaks that the 1% got 64 of the breaks so I could keep going on.
  How about Obama?
Oh no, I liked Obama. 
  Oh, you like the Syrian war?
  How they destroyed Syria?
  Oh, I love Obama.
  Folks.
  He's always folksing us.
  Folks.
  Oh, you like what he did to Libya?
  You like what he did to Libya?
  Destroyed the richest country in Africa, where people had more benefits and rights than most of the people around the world, and now it's a hellhole?
  Yeah.
  Look at that little, arrogant, arrogant, arrogant, arrogant, nobody of a nothing.
  Brought to you by the Pritzker family over there in Chicago.
  Oh yeah, they were on one of them big hotel chains.
  I forgot the name.
  Could it be Hyatt or one of them?
  Oh, and the Pritzker girl was the Commerce Secretary under Obama.
  And that big blimp Pritzker's now the, he's the governor of Chicago.
  He had it brought on Obama.
  It's one big club and you ain't in it, as George Collins said.
  And it's a big club of scum, garbage, crap, murderers, and thieves.
  Don't forget to vote.
  Oh, who'd you vote for?
  I voted for the lesser of two evils.
  Hey.
  Got some.
  Evil is evil.
  There's no lesser of two.
  You're wrong!
  They taught me that on television!
  Don Lemon says that!
  Jake Tapper!
  Yeah.
  Get vaxxed.
  Be good.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, how about those, uh, My Body, My Choice?
  Yeah, the women's group there, My Body, My Choice, that spent over seven million dollars promoting the Vax.
  I listen to what they tell me.
  I'm an American.
  I don't think for myself.
  And how dare you, Celente, think for yourself?
   All the people that tune into InfoWars, The great information that they put out.
  I go to InfoWars every day.
  I want to see the stories they're covering.
  Every day.
  Every day, every day, every day.
  Yep.
  Yeah.
  Say no to Bill Gates.
  I gotta tell you, man.
  This guy's worthwhile.
  He's one of the most richest men in the world.
  Jack, you can keep your dough.
   If I had to look like you or be a piece of scum that does nothing to promote peace, Keep your billions, babycakes.
  Don't want to be like you.
  Rather be me.
  Same thing with that suckerberg.
  You little freaky boy.
  Look at these little nothings.
  And these are the nothings that tell us what to do.
  I'll tell you what you can say.
  I'll tell you what you can believe.
  Look at this.
  Man, this guy's right out of Orwell, man.
  If Orwell was an artist, he'd give you this little... nothing of a boy.
  A suckerberg.
  Telling us what to do.
   The politicians, the drug dealers, the morons and imbeciles called Big Pharma, the Silicon Valley freaks, the military-industrial complex, And the Banksta Bandits.
  Here's your cover of the Trends Journal, another Anthony Frieda work of art, back in 2012.
  Nothing has changed.
  Only the names.
  Oh yeah.
  And three days later we're going, Easter's coming.
  Good Friday.
  Not a great Friday for Christ.
  Three days later he's on the cross.
  Yeah, you don't screw with the banksters.
  You got it?
  I'm Jamie Dimon.
  I'm going sad.
  Give me your money.
  I'm too big to fail.
  You're nothing.
  Listen, we're gonna take a break.
  Be right back.
  Stay tuned.
  Support InfoWars.
   You know, I can't help it because I'm so, you know, pumped up and aggravated about all this stuff.
  I just had some, uh, that super male vitality.
  Just put that male vitality into me.
  Super male vitality.
  Male vitality is not allowed anymore.
  Hey, just ask Lola.
  No male vitality for you.
  Nope.
  Could you imagine giving Lola some super male vitality?
  Yep, again man, I'm telling you.
  If I say man, I gotta say we're man too.
  And his huh, and how his.
  The perfect couple would be Lindsey Graham and Rachel.
  It would be the wedding of the year.
  Yeah.
  We could have it at the Bronx Zoo.
  This country's going down in front of our eyes like you can't believe.
  I have a sister, and she's in a nursing home.
  One of the best in the country.
  And they treated her very nice.
  Private room.
  Overlooking the Hudson River.
  Every time I go visit her, I walk in, I see all the people, and everybody looks like this.
  They're all drugged out.
  And you don't have your family there.
  So, I'm telling you, I'm telling you how bad things have gotten.
  Now she's been a nurse and she had, you know, a number of strokes, you know, she's out of it.
  And I brought her up here in Kingston and I have someone taking care of her all the time.
  And now I, I bring her up here so she could sit outside in front of my office while I'm working.
  And it's all sudden exposure.
  It's really pretty.
  And I'm sitting out there with her.
  I remember she hasn't seen people out in the street now for like 15 years.
  And she's sitting in a wheelchair and she's watching people go by.
  And the way people are dressed and what they look like, she's going... I said, Gracie, I said, this is a different world from 15 years ago.
  She hasn't seen people out in the street in 15 years.
  She's freaked out.
  She can't believe how terrible people dress, how blimped out everybody is, a lack of dignity, a lack of respect.
  And it's exemplified by what they teach us to be called our leaders.
  And this is every level.
   So when you go to Kindergarten, you got the principal and you got the teachers.
  That low level is the level that we live through.
  The public education system.
  Or better, better named, the government education system.
  This country is going down in front of our eyes.
  This is the fall of the Roman Empire.
   And what's happened These little scummy creeps that keep taking us to war and war after war.
  The low life from Abraham Lincoln.
  Read DeLong's book.
  Lincoln was pro-slavery.
  All he wanted to do was unionization.
  Killed several hundred thousand civilians.
  Wanted unionization, not freedom of states.
  To that Woodrow Wilson.
  May he rot in hell for giving us the Federal Reserve.
   Federal Income Tax, the IRS, and World War I. One after another, a scum president that has taken us to war, give our money to the military-industrial complex, steal it from us with their taxes, hiring all their friends, bureaucrats, To tell us what to do.
  It's the fall of the Roman Empire.
  You look at the freak show in front of everybody's eyes.
  This is an article.
  It just came out.
  Dollar General has close to 20,000 stores across the United States.
  20,000 stores.
  Dollar General?
  How about Cheap Buck?
  I wouldn't eat the stuff in there.
  Again, I'm not.
  Just so the folks, the folks and folks, you at Dollar General say that I'm not telling people what to do.
  I'm just telling you the way I see it.
  There's not an item in your place that I would eat.
  I buy organic foods.
  I buy products like they have on InfoWars.
  Dollar General, as I see it, I'm going into a crap hole!
  Look at this joint!
   20,000 stores Exemplifies the style of America.
  That's what America has become.
  A dollar store.
  Now all these people working here, I think it cost about, this is off the top of my head, I don't know the exact number, I keep forgetting it, but it's around $160,000.
  To put somebody through school from kindergarten to K-12.
  And they steal our money in school taxes to do this.
  You didn't have to go to school to get a job at Dollar General.
  You didn't have to go to school to get a job driving an Amazon truck.
  Or working in one of their factories.
  You didn't need to go to school to go to Walmart's and work.
  This is the death of America and the scum politicians, the Clintons, the Bushes, the one after another.
  That did away with the regulations.
  That prohibited the bigs from taking over our nation are responsible for this.
  Did Jimmy Carter, the little peanut farmer.
  Yeah, we're probably with a pair of cojones smaller than a peanut.
  That led interstate banking.
  Yeah, banks were only in trust state.
  Bank of America was in California.
  Yep.
  One little clown after another, running and ruining our lives.
  Death of America, unless we unite.
  And I'm doing everything I can, and Infowars is too.
  And by the way, Peace and Freedom Rally, Peace and Freedom Rally up here in Kingston, New York, on May 27th, Memorial Day weekend, at the Four Corners of Freedom.
  Yep, Judge Napolitano will be one of the speakers, lining up others.
  Music, entertainment, speakers, food, freedom, free to come.
  If we don't unite and fight against this demonic system that we have, it's over.
  And there it is, the most historic Four Corners, and I own three of the buildings.
  We'll be right back.
  Support InfoWars.
  Hey, great being on the Alex Jones Show.
  You know, as I say, every day I go to, I go to Infowars, I see the, you know, the stories that they're covering.
  And they had one up there.
  It's a woman in France is to be put on trial on charges of insulting President Emmanuel Macron, the Katsan, after describing him as filth in a Facebook post.
  The woman risks fine.
  Of 12,000 euros, she was arrested on Friday and held in custody.
  She wrote, this piece of filth is going to address you at 1pm.
  It's always on television that we see this filth, she wrote.
  Now, let's get this straight.
  These are the countries, the NATO countries, that bring freedom and democracy to other countries.
  Freedom?
  You can't call a little piece of scum like that, who I call to his face, a filth.
  A little Rothschild's boy.
  A little boy of nothing.
  If he's a boy at all.
  Little Macron, the President of France.
  Who?
  Said to the Parliament, F you, I'm passing an executive order and changing my retirement age.
  Hey, I'm in charge!
  I could tell you what to do.
  I don't know if this guy has fake hair either.
  A little nothing of a boy.
  A Rothschild's boy.
  Worked for the Rothschild's gang.
  Married this old chick.
  So, you know, who knows which page this guy's on.
  Yep.
  And look at how the French police beat up the people.
  Isn't that nice?
  And we're bringing all those dirty Russians.
  Why?
  Could you imagine?
  Could you imagine if you saw a clip of this of the Russians doing that to their people?
  It would be day and night.
  Night and day.
  Hey, but we could do anything we want.
  This is the same NATO that gives you freedom and democracy that destroyed Yugoslavia.
  That destroyed Libya.
  Yep.
  These are the clowns that say they're bringing freedom and democracy when a woman calls that little piece of crap filth.
  Yep.
  Look what they've been doing, the French and Mali.
  Niger, stealing their uranium.
  They have more nuclear power plants than anywhere.
  One place after another, take another.
  The sun never sets on the British Empire.
  As I was saying before, and I didn't go into it, this country, America, has become what we fought against in the, with our founding fathers, and brave men and women fought against during the American Revolution.
   Against The UK, against the Kingdom, as they were stealing the rights of the people and they fought against it.
  We have become the United Kingdom.
  We have become the country that our founding fathers fought against.
  The sun never sets on the British Empire.
  We will invade and destroy any country in the world that we want to and our flags will hang all over.
  A study came out when they occupied India.
  They killed over 147 million people because of what the British were doing to them.
  147 million.
  So I say we became them.
  I want that guy Qaddafi out of there.
  You gotta go.
  No, Salenti, you have to say it properly.
  Like, Barack Obama.
  You know, folks?
  This isn't a good person.
  He's not for freedom of democracy.
  Assad has to go.
  That was Syria, I forgot.
  Destroying that place that used to be a huge tourist attraction.
  With ancient ruins all over.
  That's destroyed.
  Nearly 700,000 people killed.
  That's the Macron.
  That's the freedom.
  And freedom?
  Freedom is speech?
  F. U. Look what they did to Infowars.
  You're not allowed to say what you believe.
  Look at it.
  Beating up unarmed people.
  And by the way, get this straight.
  They're going to keep using agents provocateurs.
  Look at this.
  Look at these tough guys.
  Look at them.
   They use agents provocateurs to blow up a couple of cars, set fire to a building, and
  blame all the protesters.
  These, these are the people that are bringing freedom and democracy.
  We gotta get them Russians out of Ukraine!
  Yeah.
  Do you know that, you can look this up, FDR.
  Yeah, they put a line, I bet you take out the DR and put a U and a C and another letter in there.
  On July 1941, he seized all Japanese assets.
  You know why?
  They invaded French Indochina.
  By those dirty Japanese.
  Hey, wait a minute.
  What's French Indochina?
  Oh, you mean the French that invaded Laos?
  Cambodia?
  Vietnam?
  And stealing all their rubber and tin and all the natural resources and slaughtering people?
  Those French?
  Yeah.
  Why?
  How dare the Japanese go in there?
  You better look this up.
  It's on History Today.
  I read about it one time on InfoWars.
  You wonder why the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor after FDR seized all their assets?
   Him and the UK and the Dutch They destroyed their trade and Japanese trade cut down three quarters of what it was global trade.
  And then to make a bad situation worse, again, it's all their mainstream media.
  The sanctions that the United States, the English and the Dutch put on Japan, they cut off 88% of their oil, imported oil.
  How much does Japan import?
  100%.
  You mean they're only getting 12% of what they needed?
  Yeah, that's right.
  And they were only you cut back their trade.
  And that's what they make money on is a trading company, country.
   And they're only getting A quarter of what they were doing?
  Can't understand why they bombed Pearl Harbor!
  Blow me away!
  Never would have figured it out!
  Oh, there we are in Iwo Jima.
  Oh, and the other reason why FDR did this?
  Because when the Japanese went into Vietnam and they were a Cameron Air Force Base, it was only 600 miles away from where the United States was in the Philippines.
  What's the United States doing in the Philippines?
  What the hell's the matter with you, Celenti?
  Grow up!
  We now have about 800 bases, 700 bases in about 80 countries.
  America has become the country that we fought against, the UK.
  Sun never sets on American military bases.
  Sun never set on the British Empire.
  And that's why I'm holding a Peace and Freedom Rally in Kingston, New York on May 27th of this year.
  We're going to start at around 2 o'clock.
  So please try to come here and spread the word.
  We'll be putting the posters out as soon as we get more speakers, putting the band together.
  And I'm fighting for freedom.
  I'm only me because I'm a Napolitano, born in the Bronx, born to be free.
  And I fight for the American spirit.
  And so does Infowars.
  And that's why you need to support their products.
  Yep, the American way.
  No peace, only war.
  U.S.
  track record proves it.
  We'll be right back.
  Hey, great being on the Alex Jones Show!
  And again, you know, I just went through the whole riff of how they're censoring us, whether it's France, the United States, the UK, everywhere.
  So, in order to keep the truth out, you have to support those of us who are doing all we can to bring you the truth.
  And InfoWars does it in a number of ways.
  Not only are they giving you a lot of information that could help you, they have a lot of products that help you as well.
  You know, one of the trends that we're coming out with, you know, this is we're going through the worst socioeconomic and geopolitical crisis in modern times.
  So you want to prepare for the worst.
  And if the worst doesn't happen, and you're prepared for it, you lose nothing.
  If the worst happens, and you're not prepared, you lose everything.
   So they have your favorite high quality storable foods, water, Air supplies and all of this is now back in stock.
  And again, you could get all these products at InfoWarsStore.com.
  It's InfoWarsStore.com.
  And they've been out of stock for a long time.
  And people have been asking, you know, for more of this.
  So they've done everything they can to get it to you.
  And they have the pure water filtration systems.
   And I use, you know, all the time, a one year supply of food, six month Food supply, three months, four weeks, whatever you want, you can get it.
  And these are essential.
  You need this to stay alive.
  So make sure you're prepared because you do so by stocking up for emergencies.
  And you do it with food, water, and of course all the other supplements that they have too as well.
  You want to consider those.
  So, again, you need clean air in your home, in your office, and the Alexa Pure, this Breeze thing, has four-stage purification system.
  And, you know, you want to get all these products.
  They're powerful.
  You need to get them today.
  They're at InfoWarsStore.com.
  They're bringing you the best they can to help you in the best way, for you to help yourself in the best way you can.
  So that's the deal.
  We're going through very, very difficult times.
  You know, we are at now the death of the dollar.
  I'm going to talk about economics the rest of this segment.
  The dollar has been down the last four weeks.
  The only reason the dollar was strong is because interest rates are high.
  Once interest rates start going down, this is the death of the dollar.
   You're seeing, oh, What happened over the weekend?
  The Saudis said, hey, we're cutting back on the oil supply.
  You saw oil prices spike.
  Some six bucks.
  Oh, listen, hey, America, we're lining up with China.
  Yeah, we do a lot of business together, the Saudis and China.
  Oh, the Russians, hey, we're not going to deal with dollars anymore.
  We're dealing with China.
  We'll deal with your yuan.
  The BRICS, one after another, they have had enough of American military hegemony and dollar hegemony.
  This is the beginning of the end of the dollar.
  The dollar is on its deathbed.
  So, what do you do?
  Send $29.95 to... I'm only kidding.
  I don't give financial advice.
  In the Trends Journal, and by the way, for the Trends Journal, if you want to read history before it happens, that's the magazine for you, TrendsJournal.com, and it's the only magazine in the world that gives you in-depth socioeconomic and geopolitical trends analysis and trend forecasts.
   We tell you what's going on, what it means, And what's next?
  We're political atheists.
  We don't take sides.
  Give you the facts and give you our analysis.
  And this is what you might want to do.
  Because the motto of the Trends Journal is think for yourself.
  So going back to the what's going on and how they've had enough of America and the death of the dollar.
   I am forecasting that gold prices I'm going to hit new big records.
  The only thing that could stop it is the rig game.
  And the game is rigged.
  JPMorgan Chase was fined $900 million.
  That's right.
  $900 million for rigging the precious metals markets.
  They paid that in 2019.
  It's not ancient history.
  So, the only thing that I see stopping it is that kind of a rig.
  But otherwise, and I don't even think that's going to work, because the world is buying up gold.
  The central banks in 2022 bought up more gold than ever in history.
  Because they know how bad this is.
  And it's only going to get much, much worse.
  Again, as they raise interest rates, we have been the only ones anywhere talking in depth about this for three years.
  The office building bust.
   Your office occupancy rates In the United States are 50.4% according to Castle with a K. Now leases are up.
  If you're taking office space and you had 10 floors and now you have people coming in only two, three days a week.
  You're working from these little cubicles anyway.
  You work from your cubicle at home.
  I don't need all this space.
  Hey, wait a minute.
  I'm the landlord.
  I need your money to pay this loan.
  Where are you going to get the money?
  Oh, I forgot.
  Interest rates went up.
  And these are revolving loans.
  So now you've got to pay more on your loan as you're getting a lot, lot less office space.
  And there you got it.
  Vacancy hits records.
  How are you going to pay your loan?
  You're not.
  You think the Silicon Valley bank bust was big?
  You haven't seen anything yet.
  So again, it goes back to all things are connected.
  You want to get these emergency foods.
  You want to make emergency plans.
  As I have my GC's, three G's, guns, gold, and a getaway plan.
  Prepare for the worst.
  It's on our doorstep.
  And we're giving you everything we can in the Trends Journal to help get you there.
  But maybe in the, uh, Palola, we'll call it the Trends Journal.
  You'll love it.
  I'm serious.
  This is, I've been at this for 43 years.
  I have bestselling books, Trends 2000, Trend Tracking, far better than Megatrends.
  The Time, the Trends Journal, Time Magazine said far better than Megatrends.
  I'm telling you how bad this is.
  So you get your products that you're going to need and get the information you're going to need.
  And most importantly, get in the best shape that you can get in.
  Physically, emotionally, spiritually, mentally.
  Keep learning every day.
  Don't stop learning.
  And unite for freedom, peace and justice.
  Put your money where your heart and mind are, and do all you can to support it.
  And our website, by the way, is OccupyPeace, OccupyPeace.com.
  So if you want to do anything to support peace, it's right there for you.
  Look at the rally, look at the protests going on in France and in Israel.
  People taking to the streets, fighting against the government.
  How come we can't get those kind of fights going on in America?
  332 million people.
  So let's get a big crowd here so we make the news on May 27th, Memorial Day weekend, in honor of our founding fathers on the most historic four corners of America, where the seeds of democracy was sown.
  The four corners of freedom.
  And as I said, as Alex said, you only got 1% of the people buying the products that they have.
  Bring it up to 2%.
  Bring it up to 5%.
  Because the more that they get, the more that they do, the more that the Trends Journal gets, the more that we do.
  Oh, this week's is 169 pages.
  No ads.
  Nobody tells us what to say.
  So, see you next week.
  Support InfoWars.
  InfoWarsStore.com.
  Bye.
  Some are good, some are bad, some are a mix.
  But the good ones don't ever want to organize.
  The bad ones don't want to organize because they lost after power.
  Powerful consciousnesses don't want to dominate other people.
  They want to empower them so they don't tend to get together until things are really late in the game.
  Then they come together.
  Evil is always defeated because good is so much stronger.
  And we're on this planet, and Einstein's physics showed it, Max Planck's physics showed it, oh, there's at least 12 dimensions.
  And now that's why all the top scientists and billionaires are coming out saying, it's a false hologram.
  It is artificial.
  The computers are scanning it and finding tension points where it's artificially projected, and gravity's bleeding in to this universe.
  That's what they call dark matter.
  So we're like a thought or a dream that's a wisp in some computer program, some God's mind, whatever.
  They're proving it all.
  It's all coming out.
  Now, there's like this sub-transmission zone below the third dimension that's just turned over to the most horrible things is what it resonates to.
  And it's trying to get up into the third dimension that's just a basic level consciousness to launch into the next levels.
   And our species is already way up in the fifth, sixth dimension, consciously, our best people.
   But there's this big war trying to like basically destroy humanity because humanity has free will
   and there's a decision to which level we want to go to. We have free will,
   so evil's allowed to come and contend, not just good. And the elites themselves
   believe they're racing, using human technology to try to take our best minds and build some type
   of breakaway civilization where they're going to merge with machines, transcend,
   and break away from the failed species that is man, which is kind of like a false transmission
   because they're thinking what they are is ugly and bad, projecting it onto themselves instead
  of believing, no, it's a human test about building us up.
  And so Google was set up 18, 19 years ago.
  This was, I knew about this before it was declassified.
  I'm just saying I have good sources.
  That they wanted to build a giant artificial system and Google believes that the first artificial intelligence will be a supercomputer based on the neuron activities of the hive mind of humanity with billions of people wired into it with the Internet of Things.
   And so all of our thoughts go into it and we're actually building a computer that has real neurons in real time that's also psychically connected to us that are organic creatures so that They will have current prediction powers, future prediction powers, a true crystal ball.
  But the big secret is, once you have a crystal ball and know the future, you can add stimuli beforehand and make decisions that control the future.
  And so then it's the end of consciousness and free will for individuals, as we know.
   and a true 2.0 in a very bad way, hive mind consciousness with an AI jacked into everyone
   knowing our hopes and dreams, delivering it to us, not in some PKD wirehead system where
   we plug in and give up on consciousness because of unlimited pleasure, but because we were
   already wired in and absorbed before we knew it by giving over our consciousness to this
   system by our daily decisions that it was able to manipulate and control into a larger
  system.
   There's now a human counter strike taking place to shut this off before it gets fully
   into place and to block these systems and to try to have an actual debate about where
   humanity goes and cut off the pedophiles and psychic vampires that are in control of this
  AI system before humanity is destroyed.
  Right.
  This is an interdimensional force that wants to influence us to build something that absorbs us and kills us, rather than the divine free will we're given to build something much better that empowers the species.
  Get your big brain on with BrainForce Plus or BrainForce Ultra.
  Available now at InfoWareStore.com.
  Support the InfoWare.