The idea, the idea that we're going to send in offensive equipment and have planes and tanks and trains going in with American pilots and American crews, just understand, and don't kid yourself, no matter what you all say, that's called World War III.
  Okay?
  The idea, the idea that we're going to send in offensive equipment and have planes and tanks and trains going in with American pilots and American crews, just understand, and don't kid yourself, no matter what you all say, that's called World War III.
  Okay, I've never played a clip four times in a row, five times in a year, but I think I could just play that for four hours today.
  Because every actuary, every historic war game, every analysis shows this leads to total thermal nuclear war.
  Rallying patriots worldwide in defense of human liberty, it's Alex Jones.
  The message that this conveys is that unless things change, unless the arms race is reversed, we're heading toward this midnight from which there can be no awakening.
  The doomsday clock has been set to 90 seconds to midnight, the closest it has ever been to global annihilation of the planet.
   Members of the Science and Security Board moved the hands of the doomsday clock forward,
   largely, though not exclusively, because of the mounting dangers in the war in Ukraine.
   We moved the clock forward the closest it has ever been to midnight.
  It is now 90 seconds to midnight.
  Hundreds of thank yous are not hundreds of thanks.
  Thousands of wars in discussions, but I cannot put wars instead of guns that are needed against Russian artillery.
  It is in your power to guarantee such artillery and any aircraft that will crush terror.
  It is in your power to make the victory.
  So, make your decisions.
  Hit accurately.
  Germany to provide Poland approval this week to send thousands of heavy battle tanks into Ukraine.
  We will also deliver battle tanks to Ukraine, Leopard 2 tanks.
  That is the result of a very close and intense discussions with our partners, with our allies.
  Our aim is...
  ...to deliver two tank battalions together with our allies.
  There are many countries that want to join in.
  We will coordinate it and include these countries.
  We will train Ukrainian crews here.
  We will make logistics available, replenishment, and we will also allow partner countries to deliver these tanks.
  There are many citizens in this country that are worried because of this decision and the dimensions that this type of arm brings about.
  Please trust us, trust the government.
  We are fighting a war against Russia and not against each other.
  Thank you.
  American lawmakers urge US to ship Abrams frontline battle tanks to Ukraine.
   Reuters reports breaking the Biden administration is Leaning towards sending a significant number of Abrams M1 tanks to Ukraine.
  And the announcement of deliveries could start this week, U.S.
  official says.
  Today I'm announcing that the United States will be sending 31 Abram tanks to Ukraine.
  The equivalent of one Ukrainian battalion.
  Secretary Austin has recommended this step because it will enhance the Ukraine's capacity to defend its territory and achieve its strategic objectives.
  The Avian tanks are the most capable tanks in the world.
  And they're also extremely complex to operate and maintain.
   So we're also giving Ukraine the parts and equipment necessary
  to effectively sustain these tanks on the battlefield.
   We've got a shocking video of scores of F-16s spinning around in the air in Denmark
  in an attack exercise on the Russians.
  
  Oiling for nuclear war.
   And George Soros has crawled out from under his rock or climbed up out of hell.
  Stories up on Infowars.com.
   George Soros urged use of Eastern European soldiers to reduce the risk of body bags for NATO countries in a New
  World Order article.
  They say New World Order.
   I'm afraid to ask, but what nuclear options does Russia have?
  Well, Russia has a lot of nuclear options and so does NATO.
  And I don't think that either side would deliberately initiate the use of nuclear weapons.
  But the concern is that when you have a war, things get out of control sometimes.
  And there are many different ways in which this conflict could spiral into a broader war between NATO and Russia.
  And both sides have military doctrine that allows them to use nuclear weapons in the event that they are losing a conventional battle.
  And so there's a real potential here for this to take place.
  As Gerald Solente always say, when all else fails, they take you to war.
  That's what the globalists five years ago at the EU said.
  They said, if you try to get rid of the EU or try to get rid of the new world order, we'll just have a major war.
  That's how they hold us hostage.
  The idea, the idea that we're going to send in offensive equipment and have planes and tanks and trains going in with American pilots and American crews.
  Just understand, and don't kid yourself, no matter what you all say, that's called World War Three.
  Okay?
  Well, that's Biden just a few months after the conflict started.
  We're coming up on a year now.
   And now he's reversed all that, and it's called World War III.
  In fact, that's such an important clip.
  Let's just go ahead and play that clip one more time.
   The idea, the idea that we're going to send in offensive equipment and have planes and
   tanks and trains going in with American pilots and American crews, just understand, and don't
   kid yourself, no matter what you all say, that's called World War III.
  Okay?
  You know what?
  Let's just play that clip three more times in a row.
  The idea, the idea that we're going to send in offensive equipment and have planes and tanks and trains going in with American pilots and American crews, just understand, and don't kid yourself, no matter what you all say, that's called World War III.
  Okay?
  The idea, the idea that we're going to send in offensive equipment and have planes and tanks and trains going in with American pilots and American crews, just understand, don't kid yourself, no matter what you all say, that's called World War III.
  Okay?
  The idea, the idea that we're going to send in offensive equipment and have planes and tanks and trains going in with American pilots and American crews, just understand, and don't kid yourself, no matter what you all say, that's called World War III.
  Okay, I've never played a clip four times in a row, five times in a year, but I think I could just play that for four hours today.
  Because every actuary, every historic war game, every analysis shows this leads to total thermal nuclear war.
  And we're following up the ladder of escalation.
  People ask me, how are you handling all your problems and all the attacks on you and your family and crew?
  Well, it's not enjoyable to be attacked by the deep state, but we've got to fight these crazy people.
  We've got to politically stop them, culturally stop them, economically stop them, because it's insane.
  Even Henry Kissinger and the Pope, in the last six, seven months, have been against this war.
  Now they're for it.
  Or Henry Kissinger is.
  It's madness, ladies and gentlemen.
  We opened the phones up yesterday, had a lot of incredible callers.
  On the subject of World War 3 and the ramifications of it and how we can stop it, I'm going to do it again.
  I'm going to open the phones up again and we're just going to take 3 or 4 hours of phone calls.
  I had some guests scheduled, we cancelled them.
  Also, I was sent this yesterday and the guy looked so young that I found it hard to believe.
  My producers did a deep dive.
  Other folks have done a deep dive.
  I got a lot of phone calls last night and this morning from very well-known talk show hosts asking me, is it real?
  And yes, it's as real as it gets.
  It's as real as a heart attack.
  Project Veritas got a senior executive at Pfizer, and he's very young, right out of Yale just a few years ago.
  With a medical background, bragging how they souped up and create new coronaviruses so they can roll out new vaccines for them, new mRNAs.
  Now, I don't need this guy to tell me that.
  That's in the Fauci emails.
  That was done at Wuhan years before they released the virus.
  They already had the, quote, mRNA sequences ready.
  That's all come out in the emails.
  It's all come out in Congress.
  It came out years ago.
  Got almost no attention.
  Now it's getting a lot of attention.
  But here's this guy laughing and giggling about how it's a cash cow and how it's a business forever for these people.
  Just smoking gun.
  And they pulled his bio off the Pfizer website.
  He's the head of mRNA technology worldwide.
   I know that Dr. Malone and Steve Kirsch and others were on the line with That big group meeting they had on Twitter last night with 17,000 listeners at one time.
  That's good for Twitter.
  But the point is, they had all these bigwigs last night concurring, this guy's real.
  And I got calls saying, is this real?
  And I said, I don't know.
  Let me look.
  I know what the guy's saying is true from what we know they did already.
  But people don't care about documents.
  They love a person admitting it.
  And I get it.
  We're visual creatures.
  It's like a Perry Mason moment.
  And I've watched the whole undercover video of this guy.
  There's a nine-minute boil down on InfoWars.com, and it just makes you sick in your stomach.
  And when I confirmed this was real this morning, and we have really confirmed it, I've got all the evidence right here, his whole background, everything.
  I mean, I literally got nauseous and went in the bathroom and threw up my breakfast.
  And I'm not the type of guy that threw up before football games, the type of guy that threw up before I would go meet the bully after school.
  I mean, I've got pretty good nerves.
  But just watching them brag that they did it, killed all these people, and they think it's funny, and they're going to keep doing it!
  And they're going to cause World War III!
  Because we let them.
  And I guess if our whole Justice Department, our government, our academia, and our whole system is this bad, I guess God just turns us over to a spirit of evil and is going to let us all nuke ourselves.
  And I guess that's better than them slowly cutting the children's genitals off and aborting the hundreds of millions of babies and all the rest of it.
  So I guess we're just cutting to the chase here.
  But I don't think the children deserve this.
  We don't deserve this.
  And it just makes me sick.
  It makes me physically want to throw up right now because it's so stupid to let these people keep doing this, but our collective passiveness and our collective Stockholm Syndrome has just turned the world over to a bunch of mad scientists and crazy bureaucrats and crazy academics and media people, and they are running the world over the edge of the cliff.
  Then I've got video.
   And once I watched one, I noticed there were a bunch of others being posted to the Twitter feed, and I was watching this last night, this morning, and it's just unbelievable how they've got kindergarten students, and they're sitting there with a black doll, anatomical doll of like a two-year-old black toddler boy, And they're telling them, is this a boy, is this a girl, or could it be a boy or a girl, and teaching them how to have gender dysphoria.
  When a kindergartner, until you're in at least the fourth grade, you can't even make cogent thoughts and differentiate fiction from non-fiction.
   And so this is real child abuse by these alien leftists who all look like they're not even human
   and they send their priest out from this death religion of transhumanism
   to absolutely screw up our children and create these designations for them
  when they're in kindergarten or first grade.
   If they get confused, 'cause the teacher confuses them, they put them in a government file
   and fast track them for sterilization and we just sit here and we just take it.
   And I got stacks of articles in the UK and the US of men brutally raping women in prison
   because they say that they're women and convicted rapist identifies women
   while they're being convicted so they can be put in prison and rape more women
   and the government says, "That's okay, "we're gonna keep that going."
  And you ask, why are they doing this?
  Because they're murdering common sense in front of everybody's eyes.
  So, I'll be completely honest with you.
  I know a lot of people tune out of reality because it's hard to deal with.
   And I'm quite frankly, reached the point where I took off a week a few weeks ago
   and wrote a bunch of notes about the future of the world and where the globals are going next
   and the information I wrote, over 30 pages of it, is so horrible, I was looking at it again last night
   and I've been putting it into the word processors, about 40 pages long now,
   and it just, it seems horrific to even come on air and tell you what's gonna happen next.
  I think you've already got a good idea.
  You don't need me to tell you most of you, but this is just ridiculous that this is going to destroy everybody, but we're still just like a runaway train going over the edge of a cliff.
  So at some point soon, I'm going to just do a commercial free podcast deal for like an hour and just go over these notes and show some documents and do that.
  Because it's just, you need to know.
  And I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but again, I don't think you need me to tell you.
  We are under satanic control, and we are collapsing as a species.
  There may be still time to turn it around with God's help.
  Stay with us.
  Humanity can run on for a long time.
  Run on for a long time.
  Alright, I'm going to say something right now, and then I'm going to get into the war news.
  I'm going to get into the incredible gain-of-function Pfizer admissions.
  That you know won't do anything, at least for now.
  Everybody should know that they're literally assaulting us with bioweapons and poison shots and laughing about it.
  But here's my frustration.
  I love the audience.
  I'm very thankful to all of you.
  But I'm very frustrated that this broadcast has been totally vindicated in spades.
  And we're getting a lot of support and we're getting a lot of people saying Alex Jones is right.
  But there should be more of that support because what we're covering can turn the tide against this evil and save countless lives.
  And yes, what we cover here, our worldview, our understanding is being adopted by everybody else right now, but we need to stay on air to be able to cover what's coming next and continue to trailblaze because I'm still not seeing the level of understanding of the New World Order from even some of our top brains.
  Tucker's getting it.
  He's very smart.
  Rogan knows it all, but is careful about what he does.
  Bannon gets it, is very smart.
  And there's others that get it, but they just, most of the people I'm not going to name, only get certain dimensions of this thing.
  Whereas I get the full spectrum.
  We have the guests, we have the callers.
   I immerse myself in this, and I'm very frustrated that My understanding of this is the most accurate understanding in the world of the New World Order outside of their operations, outside of their top people.
  I've had them try to hire me and tell me, you understand us, you understand the philosophy, you should join us.
  I've named names on that.
  This is very real.
  And we know how to beat these people.
  And so we're very important.
  I'm not important, you're not important, but our mission is important.
  And collectively what we've done is win over and over again and been number one when it comes to exposing the New World Order out of all these other wonderful organizations that we support and that we promote.
  And so that's why I'm asking you to keep me in the game.
  And it's very frustrating in this fight.
  And I'm not complaining.
  It's just the way it is.
  But I have to spend five, six hours a day trying to get money to run this operation.
  And I have to pollute the show, even though they're great sponsors and things with too many ads, to sit there and try to stay on air.
  And so when I really reach out to you, you come through, you buy more great products that already enrich your life that are amazing than FullWorthStore.com.
   So I'm not talking To the people that support us and buy products occasionally, or once a month, or every six months at Infowarsware.com.
  I'm talking to the people that have been listening for years, that know we're 95% accurate, that know we're really trying to tell the truth, that know we have over-the-horizon view of things.
  The Who song I can see for miles and miles and miles and so can my guests, so can my callers.
  Callers are incredibly smart.
  I'm not patting you on the head, you blow me away.
  You give me insight.
  Because we're really focused on this here.
  We're not covering this topic or that topic or jumping around.
  We're looking at the real controllers of the world and the history of the world and the future of the world and the future together.
  And that's why we're dead on.
  That's why I can tell you the Russians are going to invade in February, in October of 2021.
  It's how I'm able to do this, because I am immersed in this.
  So, it's simple.
  Less than 1% of our listeners and viewers ever buy product.
  If just 1% of you more would just make the decision to go to InfoWare store and get our bone broth formula, that is the best bone broth formula out there.
  It does so much for your immune system, your joints, your bones, your blood, your marrow that produces your white blood cells, everything.
  It's been sold out for several years.
  It's finally back with an updated formula, even stronger, with the turmeric and the chaga mushroom and the concentrated bone broth from chickens and everything.
  You need that.
  It's amazing.
  Young people should be taking it, especially people that are in sports.
  But everybody above 40 should be taking it.
  It's amazing.
  Everybody knows grandma's chicken soup's great for you.
  Well, this is concentrated to that.
   And so I'm just asking you to make the decision to do that, because if we just had 1% of you more, and it's starting to happen, that message is cutting through to people, people are getting it, if just 1% more of you We'll simply go to infowarestore.com and get your vitamin D3 with us, or get your vitamin B12 with us, or get your nitric oxide boosting systems that are so good for your heart and cardiovascular from us, or your CBD oil.
  We've got a top rated national brand that let us private label it.
  We sell it for half of what they sell it in stores.
  It's a great deal.
  You heard Mike Adams talk about it.
  He reviews products for a living.
  So we got great products you need at InfoWarsTore.com, like 1776 Testosterone Boost and Pain MD that are already top sellers in the country.
  We were able to private label them at a lower price.
  It's all there.
  So just make the decision to keep the organizations on the air fighting the globalists.
  In fact, if half a percent of you started buying product, we would have no problems and could cut way back how much I plucked.
   If two percent did, we could hire 30, 40 more people have reporters be covering everything.
  We don't have the money to go to Bilderberg.
  We don't have the money to go to Davos.
  We don't have the money now.
  You should see our reporters everywhere.
  Back in the time we had enough funds.
  So, help keep us on air.
  Help us expand.
  Hell, let's not just stay on air.
  Let's not just tread water.
  Let's go next level.
  Go now.
  Take action.
  Make the decision to find the tip of the spear.
  And I salute you and thank you.
   And I thank those that have been steadfast supporters, but I challenge The listeners that are great people and pray for the show and spread the word to go get products you already need at infowarestore.com and know that you stood up against the enemy and for the unborn and for the innocent in a critical time and that you got products that supercharge your body's health, your immune system, and so much more.
  Go now to infowarestore.com.
   Also, 1776coin.com, we're almost a year behind in the projects that I was telling you that
  your funding would help support.
  And we ended up doing four coins and then that's it for the coins.
  We got like 700 or so of the coins left, the Teddy Roosevelt Man of the Arena coin.
  It's got a markup on it because it's a donation.
  But you get a memento that's, you know, worth 30-something bucks.
  But for $100, so we have that extra money to operate.
  I was already, weeks ago, going to launch the new project I'm doing, that we've been working on for a long time.
  And I've just been so busy with everything else, we haven't.
  So next week, I will launch the new project.
  And I'll just tell you what it is.
  It's going to be a commercial-free podcast, three days a week, special guests, so much more.
  And it's separate from InfoWars, ladies and gentlemen.
  And I also have offers on the table.
  Well, I'm five offers and three of them are really good, but...
  There's a lot of stuff going on behind the scenes, so I've not accepted any of those offers because it's a lot of money for me.
  But I don't, at the end of the day, care about that.
  I care about things that are for free speech systems and this crew because I'm loyal to them.
  Now some of these deals are big enough that I may be able to go and let them shut all this down and just have a whole new platform with the same crew.
  It's just they want us to move to another city.
  So there's a lot of mechanics to all of this going on and a lot of things going on behind the scenes.
   But I'm telling you, I believe we should keep this infrastructure and this operation we have now set up, and all I need is a quarter million dollars more a month to be able to do that easily.
  And that sounds like a lot, but when you look at how BuzzFeed spends hundreds of millions of dollars a year, and all these other companies are going bankrupt, the left is out of gas.
  The globalists have spent hundreds of billions of dollars fighting us.
  Our millions can counter them, and we can win.
  So support your local talk radio.
  Support your local talk shows to tell the truth.
  But this broadcast needs your support.
  So just make the commitment.
  But everybody that got the 1776 coins at 1776coin.com, you're going to get a free membership to the new podcast and a bunch of new stuff we're about to do.
  So if you want to be part of that, I would suggest now you go to 1776coin.com and get the final coins.
  Project Veritas is about to join us live on air.
  R.C.
  Maxwell.
  They've broken hundreds of major stories, thousands over the years, but this one is sickening.
  A major Pfizer executive admitting that they are basically creating gain-of-function viruses to be released to the public for control and for massive, quote, cash cow profits.
  That is coming up.
  Here's a few minutes of the top story right now on Twitter, so many other places.
  Tens of millions of people watching it.
  It's the huge buzz everywhere.
  Here's a few minutes.
  Directed evolution Pfizer R&D exec says COVID-19 created in Wuhan is cash cow for company breaking project Veritas Pfizer exploring mutating COVID-19 virus via directed evolution that's gain of function on steroids to continue profiting from vaccines.
  Here's a few minutes of it and we'll go to R.C.
  Maxwell.
  Pfizer ultimately is thinking about mutating COVID?
  Well, that is not what we say to the public.
  No.
  Don't tell anyone that's COVID.
  We're exploring, like, you know how the virus keeps mutating?
  Yeah.
  Well, one of the things we're exploring is, like, why don't we just mutate it ourselves so we can preemptively develop new vaccines, right?
  So we have to do that.
  If we're going to do that, though, there's a risk of, like, as you could imagine, no one wants to be having a pharma company mutating COVID.
  You have to be like very controlled to make sure that this virus that you mutate doesn't create something that like, you know, goes everywhere.
  Something crazy.
  I suspect it's the way that the virus started and moved around.
  To be honest, like, it makes no sense that this virus just popped out of nowhere.
  Yeah, I know.
  Meet Jordan Tristan Walker, a Director of Research and Development Strategic Operations and mRNA Scientific Planning at Pfizer.
  It sounds like gain of function to me.
  I don't know, it's a little bit different.
  I think it's different.
   It's like, here's Well, it's definitely not gain-of-function.
  It sounds like it is.
  I mean, it's okay.
  No, no, no, no, no.
  Directed evolution is very different.
  Well, you're not supposed to do gain-of-function research with the viruses.
  Like, they recommend not.
  But you do, like, these, like, selected directional mutations to try to see if you can make it more potent.
  Yeah.
  So there is research on the way about that.
  I don't know how that's gonna work.
  There might not be any more outbreaks.
  It's real, folks.
  People didn't think it was real yesterday.
  I've tracked it down.
  Of course, Veritas has done their vetting.
  The guy is the Director of Worldwide R&D Strategic Operations, mRNA Scientific Planning, out of Yale.
  Graduated years ago.
  And it's all here, it's all true, and it gets even worse from there.
  Taking viruses, accelerating them into the future, making them more virulent, mutating them, is gain-of-function, the very definition of it.
  And we're joined by R.C.
  Maxwell, spokesperson for Project Veritas.
  Wow, this is just over-the-top.
  I don't blame people thinking this couldn't be real, because when you watch the whole video, the admissions are just insane.
   What is your takeaway right now, and I'm imagining that There at your Veritas headquarters, this has got to be probably the biggest story you guys have ever broken.
  I mean, this is sickening.
  Absolutely, Alex.
  This is already our most viewed video on Twitter.
  Thanks for Elon for letting us back on the platform.
  I know that you're still waiting to get free speech there, Alex.
  Most viewed video on Twitter.
  This story is flying because of the damning admissions by someone who is a director, specifically working in mRNA science.
   This person is two levels removed from Albert Bourla, who is the CEO of Pfizer.
   And this video is shocking, mostly because of the carelessness
  in which this individual is talking.
   So I can understand how people could imagine the video is fake.
   This person is clearly a schmuck, and he's speaking about the most sinister things,
  clearly with no concern about regulatory oversight.
  We have reached out to Pfizer.
  We asked them for comment.
  They acknowledged being who they were.
   They acknowledged that this, I spoke with the supervisor of Mr. Walker, who you see here in the video.
   She hung up on me, and they have not obviously responded to our request for comment.
   We asked them if they were concerned about the repercussions.
   from this. Clearly they do not care. Clearly we recovered, uncovered earlier
   in the year, last year actually, that the reviewers are actually people who used
   to work at the drug companies themselves and it's all a racket. So clearly this is
   something that legacy media should be investigating but they're not.
   And the video goes on obviously for folks that are listening. Describe more of what you
  guys discovered.
  You also have the comments about how this is a cash cow.
   The ability to have a virus and to be able to mutate it and develop a vaccine and require yearly shots.
  A cash cow for the company.
  This is definitely shocking.
  I can tell you that Pfizer is currently working on controlling the narrative on this.
  They may not have responded to our request for comment, but they're already censoring comments on Instagram.
  They're censoring comments even on ads on TikTok.
  Comments have been turned off.
  So Pfizer is definitely very aware of this.
  They're doing all they can to go into damage control.
  I'm sure the legacy media will also be doing damage control on this, attacking us and coming with their illegitimate fact checks.
  But you can see the proof in the pudding.
  And I can tell you we have more footage coming out later today.
  You will perhaps see the most shocking interaction James O'Keefe has ever had with someone that he's tried to interview.
  This whole circumstance is shocking and the implications are sinister.
  Not only did we have a failure upon regulatory agencies to investigate what's going on with what these pharmaceutical companies are doing with free reign to mutate viruses, but you also have just a lack of critical thinking amongst all of Americans.
  And anytime you did see critical thinking, people were castigated and called conspiracy theorists, but now you can see that they were not.
  And the circle is complete here.
  I mean, easy open and shut convictions.
  Again, it functions illegal.
  They admit it.
  He says it's for money, but they're going to make money off of this.
  And then we have all the Fauci emails and documents from stuff with Peter Daszak and the Wuhan Institute.
  And they're all talking about it there.
  Correct.
  Right, don't forget Alex, we also had the DARPA documents that Anthony Fauci actually said the words Project Veritas on Capitol Hill.
   He was definitely prepped to answer a question about Project Veritas because we uncovered
   that EcoHealth Alliance and members of DARPA, they raised flags over this.
  They said you cannot do this.
   We have not only ethical concerns about this, but we have containment concerns and safety
  concerns.
  This was hidden in a top secret share drive.
   The same share drive where they held all the AbuGrab files and videos.
  They hid that in a share drive.
  This has been a problem in the government.
   Certain documents being over classified so we can't get to the truth of this.
  I just went to Capitol Hill.
  You have members of the Senate and members of Congress admitting that this is a problem and almost kind of acting like they don't know what to do to solve the problem.
  Well that was my next point is what is Congress going to do?
  What are we going to do?
  Because you have the tipping point already reached.
  You have all the scientists coming out being vindicated.
  You have them admitting the vaccines don't work.
  You have them admitting the virus is man-made.
  And then now you add this at this time.
  I mean this is explosive.
  This is explosive.
  I can imagine there are going to be inquiries.
  I can tell you that I've already had conversations with members of Congress, members of the Senate.
  They're watching this closely, but it seems like the only accountability that exists are the little hidden camera videos that James O'Keefe puts out there, because outside of this, what would we have?
  Well, that's right.
  All we had was the emails and some whistleblowers like Dr. Huff, which was huge.
  But people go, okay, you got a document, you got a whistleblower.
  This is the head executive over that department admitting they're doing it, which shows the Cavalier attitude, as you said.
  I mean, they're playing with Promethean death fire here like it's no big deal.
  Absolutely.
   And if this person will admit this, Kind of on this, you know, with this person that they necessarily don't know very well.
  It kind of shows you the cavalier attitude in which these pharmaceutical companies can operate.
  Bingo!
  It shows the arrogance and the feeling of being untouchable.
  Because there is no accountability.
  The only people who are holding them accountable, they call tinfoil-less.
   Myself, Alex Jones, you've done a lot specifically on this topic.
  We know that.
  And you get attacked and belittled.
  So this is a huge racket.
  It's only a matter of time until the American public wakes up.
  The only thing we can do at Project Veritas is offer you the accountability of knowledge.
  And that's what we're doing here.
  And thank you for covering this.
  Obviously, it's a very important subject.
  Absolutely.
  I know you're extremely busy.
  I want to talk to you during the break.
  If you've got to leave us, I understand.
  If not, I'd like to come back and play a little bit more of the club and ask you a few more questions.
  But you're saying right now, R.C.
  Maxwell, at Project Veritas, R.C.
  Maxwell, GOP on Twitter, AmericanVoicePAC.org, but you're right there, obviously, at Project Veritas.
  When we come back or during the break, I'll get the answer.
  I want to hear about what's about to drop next.
  The next shoe to drop, the next balloon to go up.
  Stay with us.
  All right, we have the spokesperson for Project Veritas, R.C.
  Maxwell, with us here on the Alex Jones Show.
  Open phones the second, third, and the fourth hour today on the World War III implications in Ukraine.
  But this bioweapon operation ties right into that, so we'll also be taking calls on this subject.
  R.C.
  Maxwell, in the few minutes you've got left, I know you've got a lot of interviews to do to get this out there.
  I didn't talk to you.
  I didn't know it was your biggest story ever.
  I said, this looks like your biggest story ever.
  You're confirming it is.
  Congratulations on trying to save humanity.
  As Senator Paul said in the last six hearings with Fauci, this endangers the whole world.
  These people need to be charged, and I believe they will be charged.
  They are psychotic mad scientists.
  Another big shoe's about to drop.
  Give us the inside baseball.
  Well, look, the inside baseball is this.
  I can report here on InfoWars for the first time that when we did encounter Mr. Walker for an interview, police were involved.
  That's how accelerated things got.
   You have to understand, Alex, The folks at Judicial Watch filed a FOIA request to find out if the FBI have been having communications with Pfizer about us.
  The FBI are supposed to be going after people who engage in child pornography.
  They should be going after human traffickers, people bringing fentanyl into our country.
  But it turns out the FBI does have communications with Pfizer about us because we investigate them.
  So when we encountered Mr. Walker, we did expect things to escalate.
  We did not expect them to escalate to where it went.
  That video will be coming out today.
  It will be coming out in about an hour or so.
  You can see that on Project Veritas' channels.
  I will make sure to send that over to you, Alex.
  You're not going to want to miss it.
   Police were involved and definitely the most tense interaction James O'Keefe has ever had
  with one of these bad guys.
  You guys have been raided over nothing.
  You've been stalked.
  You've been harassed.
   They're spying on you and it's come out giving intel to people that you're targeting to expose
  because you're so effective.
   So they've got active measures to protect just like to harass Dr. Huff at his home.
   They've got active measures trying to stop you guys and you're saying that's coming out
  in the next hour.
   Yes, we've already released that the FBI has files on us and communications with Pfizer.
  We can't find out what that is because they're claiming it's an active investigation which may lead to a criminal proceeding.
   So we don't know what that is, but I can tell you that the interaction that we're going to publish today with this awful person who discussed in a callous manner mutating the virus, the cops were eventually called because the interaction escalated To a level of physical violence.
  Wow, and this is the director of their major operations.
  Unbelievably powerful, R.C.
  Maxwell.
  God bless and Godspeed.
  You guys don't deserve to be put in prison.
  You deserve a Pulitzer Prize and a medal.
  And please give Mr. O'Keefe my best.
  Will do, Alex.
  Thanks.
  Wow.
  Okay, if you just joined us, because I know there's people tuning in every second.
  When this came out yesterday, people thought it wasn't real.
  And then we went and looked on the Pfizer website, and he's on the website as their director of mRNA operations worldwide.
  And it's real.
  Plus, as soon as I saw it, I knew they've been doing gain-of-function.
  It's come out in the documents.
  But to be in a bar and a restaurant running your mouth, and then I don't know what's about to break.
  He couldn't tell me until it breaks the next hour, but it deals with the FBI basically shadowing them.
  And try to stop them in live time getting to people and getting information out.
  So they're having to follow around the operatives of Pfizer and Moderna and basically protect them so that we can't expose them.
  Because they're so mentally ill, in my view, they're so sick, and they think what they're doing is funny.
  That's what disgusts me about this, is I have four children.
  My father almost died from COVID.
  Rob Doo almost died.
  It's real.
  And the damn shots have killed a bunch of people I know.
  And we just can't sit here and take these type of attacks anymore.
  You know, I saw Tucker Carlson's report last night.
  It's 15 minutes long.
  It's on Infowars.com, where he goes into the last three years of Jeffrey Epstein being murdered.
  Gillis Lane Maxwell saying he was murdered.
   And then he does a whole piece showing Barr, his attorney general, saying there was no
  one there, we have camera footage.
  No, the cameras were turned off.
  And the coroner said that he hung himself.
  No, the coroner said it looked like he had his neck broken.
  He had three broken bones.
  Everything they say is a lie.
   And that's what people have to understand, is that you don't understand the level of
   their lies until you've been a prominent person fighting them.
  And believe me, that's not like some bonus.
  They make up stories about me that are huge, complex stories that none of it's true with fake witnesses.
  And they're doing it to everybody.
  And I make that point out to just lay out the fact that these people are beyond insane.
  Who at the Justice Department would want private companies creating bioweapons and mutating viruses that's illegal and then you protect the people that are doing it when the bastards released it on us?
  It's like, where is your common sense?
  Where is your decency?
  Where is your own self-preservation instincts?
  And I don't want to make the FBI, the Justice Department, our enemy.
  I want to take back our federal government.
  I believe in the federalist system, which means the separation of powers.
   But the biggest enemies of common sense and civilization and life on earth are these big crazy corporations and the insider trading politicians and the Praetorian Guard Federal government that protects these people, not from violence, but from the spotlight of truth and investigation and scrutiny.
  And so, the whole video is just insane.
  It's on Infowars.com.
  We posted it on the live show feed.
  And people couldn't believe it because it's just total admissions of criminal activity.
  And redefining things.
  Oh, if we mutate and make viruses stronger, that's not going to function.
  That's just our cash cow.
  In fact, I mentioned the cash cow clip.
  Here is the cash cow clip.
  So why sort of doing that?
  So probably what they want to do is like to try to figure out, to some extent, try to figure out like, you know, there's all these new strains of variants that just pop up.
  Why don't we try to like catch them before they pop up in nature and we can develop a vaccine prophylaxis for like new variants.
  Yeah.
  So that's why they're thinking like if you do it, control the lab, then we say, oh, this is a new epitope.
  And so then if it comes out later on, like in the public, you already have a vaccine kind of working.
  Oh my god.
  That's perfect.
  Like, isn't that like the best business model though?
  Like, just control nature before nature even happens itself, right?
  Yeah, yeah.
  If it works.
  What do you mean if it works?
  Because like sometimes there's just mutations that pop up, right?
  And we're not prepared for it.
  Like with Delta or Omicron.
  Right.
  And things like that.
  So, who knows?
  I mean, either way, it's gonna be a cash cow.
  COVID will probably be a cash cow for us for a while going forward.
  Yeah.
  I obviously like it.
  Well, I think the whole, you know, I think the whole, like, research of the viruses and mutating it, like, would be the ultimate, like, cash cow.
  Yeah, it'd be perfect.
  Now you would think that... Show!
  This guy's compartmentalized.
  He's like, oh, it's part of our business model.
  We create the viruses that they're obviously releasing.
  These things are hundreds of thousands, if not millions of years in the future of evolution, the way they've accelerated them.
  They admit that.
  So then, magically, strains they already produced before they released it in 2019.
  This is all on record.
  We're way out in the future, millions of different mutations later, that they've produced in pigs and monkeys and rats, in China and other facilities, totally illegal, and then it magically gets released and they have their cash cow.
  Because, see, you can't produce all this, these chimeric viruses, and then not have it released, because then you can't have the cash cow, because everybody's getting sick, everybody's scared, and then you take a shot, it makes you even sicker, so you have less immune system when they release the next virus.
  So it's the ultimate business model to depopulate people, to take their rights, to set up a cashless society, social credit score, vaccine passport, universal basic income, total surveillance grid, get all the money, get all the power, while you maim and kill people.
  The perfect, insane, psychotic business model.
  Then I got all the other vaccine news.
  Another NFL player, 25, dies.
  They were expecting a child.
  Ex-Lions and Chargers linebacker Jesse Lemonier dies at 25.
  Agent confirms he and his girlfriend were expecting a child.
  Alright, here's what I'm going to do.
  I'm going to start the next hour.
  I'm going to give the number out.
  I'm going to hit the big Russian news that's over the top.
  Joe Biden admitting that tanks to Ukraine will cause World War III and then doing it.
  We actually have the video.
  If you're just tuned in, I'm not joking.
  This is beyond satire, folks.
  This is reality.
  Truth is stranger than fiction.
  Hey, we're not releasing viruses or selling you mRNA vaccines that make you grow a spike protein in your body that destroys your DNA and your heart, your lungs, your brain, and everything else.
  We're selling high-quality products like super-concentrated, best brand out there, Ultimate Bone Broth.
  Sold out for over two years, now back in stock.
  Infowarsstore.com.
  Primal Human Nutrition, ladies and gentlemen.
  And it's updated and supercharged with even more chaga mushroom, bee pollen, and of course, so much more.
  It's got the...
  It's just insane.
  I mean, it's got so much stuff in it.
   Infowarsstore.com, chicken broth concentrated, turmeric root, chaga mushroom, bee pollen,
   goji berry, alfalfa herb powder, five grams of organic soluble,
   acarium fiber, support digestion, 400 milligrams of sunflower isothethin
   that's so good for your body, organic ashy berry for antioxidants,
   add electrolytes, magnesium and more, real cocoa, bean powder, and natural chocolate flavor
   and a touch of sea salt, cutting edge chicken broth, protein isolate powder
  for better flavor and dissolvability.
   Now available at infowarsstore.com and don't forget the new Infowars Platinum brand,
  1776 isosterone boost.
  
  
  
  
  In the year 2000, Alex Jones' film, Dark Secrets Inside Bohemian Grove, showed the world how our so-called elite leaders practice mock ritual sacrifices in private.
  In 2007, Alex Jones releases Endgame, exposing the world elite's plans for covertly using biological weapons against all of mankind.
  And by the time they launched their attack in 2020, Alex Jones's InfoWars and our audience were there to warn the people of the deadly vaccines that we knew were coming.
  This is why they attack us.
  This is why we need your support.
  Because we tell the truth.
  Alex Jones was right.
  Join the resistance.
  Buy products.
  Donate to the cause.
  Share the links.
  Join us in the fight for freedom.
  And help us defeat the New World Order.
  All right, a fousy event in New York has been peacefully protested and stormed by folks exposing the mass murderer.
  So much breaking news, I'll give the number out at the start of the next segment.
   We're going to take calls for the next few hours on World War III and on the gain of
   function which is also part of the World War III Armageddon situation that the controllers
   of the planet are pushing us into for a global crisis that gives them total control while
  they depopulate us at the same time.
  They don't have the same values as us.
  They have a different plan.
  It's totally evil.
  We're going to be exposing it all.
   Now I played this clip once yesterday but I'm going to play it again because it's so
  important.
   They had a report on a CIA funded startup saying they're going to bring back extinct
  animals and all the rest of this.
  But they admit they won't actually be the original animal.
   It will be a whole new animal in creation they make and God knows what viruses and things
  they're going to be carrying.
  It's a lot of concerns.
  But this is mad scientist world.
  Here's the report.
  We'll give the number out and go to your calls.
  Colossal Biosciences is using CRISPR gene editing technology to resurrect animals that have gone extinct.
  They are starting next year with a woolly mammoth and are making plans for the Tasmanian tiger.
  The plan is to release 100 woolly mammoths inside a park in Siberia.
  This is officially being done under the guise of climate change.
  They claim that by adding megafauna back into the Arctic tundra, it will offset carbon emissions.
  The company has already raised over 12 million euros, which includes funding from the CIA.
  The CIA's venture capital firm, In-Q-Tel, is a stakeholder of Colossal Biosciences.
  Euronews points out that the plan seems counterproductive, seeing as how over 30% of trees worldwide are currently going extinct, and points out its potential dangers of introducing ancient unknown pathogens into our modern world.
  But when you look into the company's co-founder, George Church, it becomes clear that it's really all about pushing the agenda of human cloning and transhumanism.
  Harvard scientist George Church received donations from 2005 to 2007 from Jeffrey Epstein, the infamous pedophile transhumanist who was planning on establishing a baby farm at his New Mexico ranch to seed the earth with his DNA.
  In 2019, Church awkwardly apologized for his association with Jeffrey Epstein on 60 Minutes.
   It was one of these things where you first learn about it and it's not, it's just like,
   when you first hear about it, it doesn't sound like it's something serious.
   And it's only recently that we've found out that it was something serious,
  or that become aware how serious it was.
   The professional connection between Jeffrey Epstein and George Church was their common desire to clone humans,
  which is something that Church is most passionate about.
   His work has been focused primarily on creating superior humans
   and wants to bring Neanderthal man back from extinction and give them their own culture and political force.
  He is also passionate about creating customized living creatures out of DNA to serve mankind as we see fit.
  When asked if he believed in God, Church responded that he respects all people's faith, but his faith is in science, and that the true understanding of nature is only available to the scientists.
  This psychopathy that has infected man with an obsession to play God has attracted many atheists into the field of genetic engineering.
  But not everyone in this field wants to play God.
  Dr. Bruce Lipton was a pioneer in the research of cloned human stem cells.
  His research revealed that the environment and our perception of the environment is what controls our genetic activity.
  This is known as epigenetics.
  And as a result of his research, he stopped being an atheist and found faith in God.
  This, and the nature of his research, has alienated him from today's scientific community, which seeks to destroy nature and control it.
  But you can still find his work, and I recommend that you do.
  Reporting for InfoWars, this is Greg Reese.
  
  Alright, we're now on to hour number two.
  Yesterday, I opened the phones up and every caller was powerful.
  Some were over-the-top amazing.
  Concerning the escalation in a nuclear war in Russia with the heavy battle tanks being sent by Germany right after that Biden announces 30 plus Abrams tanks the beginning of they say of hundreds heavy weapons are talking about f-16s Russia says they're now officially at war with us.
   This is so incredibly dangerous when you understand the threat ladder Escalation we're going right up it towards nuclear war So I want to give the number out on this topic to hear from veterans, regular citizens, people all over the world, particularly Europeans, I'd like to hear from you about what you think of this continued war that they've, like the camel's nose under the tent flap, gotten the world into.
  And why would they want a nuclear war?
  Why would they want to escalate this?
  Because the old monetary system is coming to an end.
  They want to depopulate.
   They believe they can survive this attack, survive this war that happens, and then emerge
  with their transhumanist system.
   The toll-free number to join us on this issue and bioweapons and gain of function, all the
   Project Veritas news coming out if you just joined us to recap with a high-level Pfizer
   executive, the head of their World mRNA Project, saying, "Yeah, we create the deadly viruses
  and then we give you the solution, our so-called vaccine.
   It's our cash cow, so we can talk about that issue, but those are the two issues we're
  They're both intertwined.
  The toll-free number to join us is 877-789-2539.
  877-789-2539.
  877-789.
  877-789-2539, 877-789-2539, 877-789.
   Alex will take long time callers, first time callers, agree, disagree,
  but we're on those two topics, 877-789.
  877-789-2539.
  In the next hour, more Project Veritas Part 2 news breaking.
  We'll have that here for you right when it breaks, and we'll cover it as well.
  All right.
  Let's hit the World War III news with playing a clip I played last hour, but you can't play this too much.
  This is Joe Biden.
  According to Joe Biden, World War III starts with the shipment of offensive equipment, like tanks, to Ukraine.
  And that was said just six months ago.
  But now we need to have it, he says, it's a great thing.
  Here's Biden's last year assuring us that we wouldn't send tanks to Ukraine because that means World War III.
  And that was in March of last year, so I guess, I guess 11 months ago, 10 months ago.
  Here it is.
  The idea that we're going to send in offensive equipment and have planes and tanks and trains going in with American pilots and American crews.
  Just understand, don't kid yourself, no matter what you all say, that's called World War Three.
  Okay?
  Okay, yeah.
  So here's the headlines.
  Ukraine predicts attacks on major Russian cities.
  The Ukrainian government says they're going to begin accelerating already major strikes going on, including against Moscow.
  So they're pushing Moscow to escalate to push the West and NATO to escalate.
  And we have the tail wagging the dog here, extremely dangerous.
  They said they're going to hit the quote, pampered and lazy people of Moscow, St.
  Petersburg and other cities.
  Ukraine will now push for F-16s, fighter jets, government advisor says.
  The Hill reports, I'm sure they'll get them.
  Ukraine under new missile barrage as Russia warns West about tank pledges.
  Denmark calls for mandatory military service for women.
  Russia says tank promises show direct and growing Western involvement in Ukraine.
  As Biden seeks to avoid wider war delivery of M1 Abrams tanks, Ukraine escalates the conflict.
  And it goes on and on about coups against Putin and what they want to do.
  Your tax dollars at work, Ukrainian officials blew 100 billion U.S.
  Uniparty dollars on sports cars, mansions, luxury vacations, etc.
  The only reason they're getting in trouble now is they want more of the money to go to the war, not just laundered back to the globalists.
  German foreign minister said the quiet part out loud two days ago that Germany is at war with Russia.
  This is the first time in World War II.
  Here's a really chilling headline.
  U.S.
  to increase artillery ammunition production by 500% for Ukraine.
  The Pentagon's planning to boost its production of artillery ammunition by 500% over the next two years.
  Oh, it's a long war, isn't it?
  As the U.S.
  is depleting its military stockpiles by sending millions of shells to Ukraine, The New York Times reported yesterday.
  So, there you go.
  Since Russia launched its invasion of Ukraine, the U.S.
  has pledged to send Ukraine over a million 155mm artillery shells before the U.S.
  Army began efforts to increase production.
  Its production of 14,400 155mm shells a month.
   14,400, 155 millimeter shells a month, but under the new plans, the number will reach 90,000 each month.
  And it goes on and on and on.
  And what are a lot of the new shells going in, used by the tanks?
  They are depleted uranium that causes massive burden effects in the children of the troops and wherever it's used, in those people's families, not to mention causing massive health problems for the troops.
   So this is a real war crime, and Russia says that if they pick up any DU, and if any DU rounds are being used by any of the US or other tanks, And it's Western doctrine to use the EU in a war with the Russians, in a tank war, that will be considered nuclear war, and they'll go ahead and consider the use of nuclear weapons.
  So, there you are!
  You want to be depopulated?
  Well, just get ready, because it's on, ladies and gentlemen.
  It is on.
  Donald Trump, to his credit, said first the tanks come, then the nukes.
  President Trump calls for end of crazy war with Russia.
  There is now one world leader who's calling for peace.
  This makes me like Trump more.
  That is President Donald Trump.
  President Trump posted this on Truth Social this morning.
  On Wednesday, Germany and the U.S.
  announced they're sending tanks to Ukraine to fight Russia.
  World War III update.
  Only one global leader is calling for an end to it.
  And we have Trump's statement here in the article where he points out this is so incredibly destructive.
  First come the tanks, then come the nukes.
  Get this crazy war ended now.
  So easy to do.
  All they gotta do is let the Russians have that small zone in the east, which is almost 100% Russian.
  That will end the war.
  They don't want to give them that or the security guarantee that Russia has been asking for forever that Ukraine will not join NATO.
  They always said that was a Russian conspiracy theory.
  Totally insane.
  Now, NATO says they want Ukraine to join, Kamala Harris says they want them to join, and Henry Kissinger says they want them to join.
  So the red line has been passed, and if you think you can win a nuclear war, nobody wins.
  The only way to win is not to play the game, to quote the 1980s movie, War Games.
   So, Tim, Michael, Bart, Matt, Chris, Carlos, Robert, and everybody else, your calls are coming up on the other side of this break to cover the Armageddon signal, the Armageddon scenario, the Armageddon climate of just, oh, bioweapons, oh, gain of function, produce them everywhere, oh, release them, make money out of it, ah, ah, ah, cash cow advisor, oh, hey, ship fentanyl in, hey, open the borders up, hey, attack the family, hey, sterilize kids, hey, have the federal government fund studies that white paint is racist because the color white
  Is racist.
  You know, the color white is not a color.
  It's a reflection of all color.
  It's totally insane.
  And it's getting worse by the minute.
  And as soon as you hear me hang up on a caller, you'll be able to call in at 877-789-2539.
  877-789-2539.
   And no matter how good the calls are, I'll try to give you all about a minute and a half so we can get a lot of your calls in today because they are thought-provoking.
  They are amazing, many of them, and I just want to get to as many of you as possible on the other side.
  But whatever you do, realize that fighting tyranny is not a spectator sport.
  It is a participation sport.
  And you don't realize the power you have simply taking a banned-out video or Infowars.com link and sending it on your email or text, which are not completely censored yet, or using URLs that get around the censors to send you to a page that has a video feed of the show like ConspiracyFact.info.
  Everybody should write down and put into your phone or desktop conspiracyfact.info and send it to friends, family, strangers, neighbors, your whole email list and say, if you want to know why Alex Jones is so banned, if you want to know what he's really talking about, if you want to know why they want him shut down and want to silence all of us, find out the truth they don't want you to hear and stop Armageddon by sharing the link conspiracyfact.info.
  And in a month or so or a week or so when they ban that URL, we'll have a new one.
   We've got hundreds ready But we don't have you ready to take action.
  It's you.
  It's like in a fever vendetta when the inspector says, why did you go public before?
  Because I never had a police inspector ready to hear the truth.
  I needed you, inspector.
  I needed you.
  I need you.
  You need me.
  Share the link conspiracyfact.info now and break the matrix.
  Break the back of the censors.
  Welcome back to the Alex Jones Show.
  We had several big guests lined up today that I canceled and I was confused.
  I thought we had Leon McAdoo in studio tomorrow and Robert Barnes, but we have Leon McAdoo in the studio next hour and we have Robert Barnes right now, but he's happy to get into World War III and the gain of function news with the Pfizer bombshell and take your calls.
  So to all the callers we have on the list, this will be the callers we get to, no extra.
   Tim and Michael and Bart and Matt and Scott, Carlos, Robert, Jim, Yitzhi and others. We will get to those calls in Simon.
  But Robert Barnes joining us. What an insane time, Barnes.
   Your great constitutional lawyer had a big success with the Amish farmer just a few weeks ago.
   You're also with Robert Kennedy Jr. suing Pfizer for covering up secret trials they did.
   But now I know you've seen the Project Veritas bombshell that they admit is a senior mRNA,
   the head of their worldwide project, admitting they're weaponizing it,
   they're using it to have new variants so they can make more money.
  I mean, this is just insane.
  And then you've got all the World War III news.
  What is this penchant or this lust, it seems, by the establishment, by the media, by Hollywood, to end the world?
  How would you describe this climate we're in?
  I mean, it's really extraordinary.
  I mean, I think you look at what's happening in Ukraine and something really unusual is clearly taking place, as an example.
  The same is the case with Pfizer.
  They keep getting outed.
  Like when Brooke Jackson, the biggest whistleblower case, well, I'm representing her with Werner Mendenhall on behalf of the U.S.
  government against Pfizer, on behalf of the people of America against Pfizer.
  Pfizer has been screaming all the way through not to allow any discovery.
  And begging the judge, don't allow any discovery, please don't allow any discovery, please just dismiss this case.
  They got the government to basically go along with Pfizer's request, which is just outrageous.
  And the judge has so far gone along with it, and now we're seeing some of the reasons why.
   We're seeing that in fact if the discovery had been turned over, if the court had authorized
   it as I think the court should have authorized it, we would already have this information
  that Pfizer, that now Project Veritas is outing.
   That in fact that they are in the business of what Francis Boyle has been documenting
   here on InfoWars now for a better part of a decade, which is that there is a bioweapons
   research activity going on with big pharma, which includes developing and designing the
  diseases and the cures for these diseases.
  We talked about this at the very beginning of the pandemic.
  We told people, look at V for Vendetta.
  It's the script for what we're actually witnessing in live time.
  And what's V for Vendetta's script?
  They design and develop the disease in order to already have the cure so that they can seize power and make profits and get rich.
  And that's what it appears more and more there's evidence of, between Pfizer, between Fauci, between Wuhan, between Peter Dezay, between all of these characters, we're seeing more evidence that they were doing gain-of-function research, directed evolution research, the goal being design the disease when you already have built in your intended cure.
  And then the missing part is didn't release the disease.
   I mean look, they bought off the governments of the world, they got secret community deals, but I don't think that's going to protect
  them from public outrage.
  Fauci just got massively stormed and protested in New York.
   It's up on Infowars.com. NYC protesters crashed Fauci event, called for arrest of
   murderer over lockdowns and jabs. So they've really got to be on the defense right now. No doubt
  about that.
  And remember, some countries rejected Pfizer's immunity deal and is allowing court cases to go forward, like India.
  India's court system is allowing cases to go forward concerning Bill Gates, concerning Pfizer, concerning issues related to COVID, because they refused to give immunity to Pfizer.
   And consequently, India was protected from the Pfizer problems because the Pfizer vaccine It was not distributed there.
  So I think we have to continue to do that.
  But as to your other point as to what's happening in the world and what we should look for is the danger of what's happening next, I'm very concerned with what's happening in Ukraine.
  So you look at what happened, the World Economic Forum meets and they put out the Lithuanians and the Poles are there and they're talking about select activity vis-a-vis Ukraine.
   Then a few days later the CIA director flies in person to Ukraine A few days later, half of the Ukrainian hierarchy is being taken out.
  They're either being dismissed, killed, assassinated.
  They're fleeing the country.
  They're under investigation.
  They're being told they're under investigation.
  Yeah, I mean, you've got like half the government on a helicopter.
  It gets blown up.
  Exactly, that's the Interior Secretary, which people may not know, that's basically the equivalent of their national, that's the Assaf division people, that's their internal security operation, that's who got taken out.
  And then you have on top of that, now they're talking about moving tanks into Poland.
  And it looks like those tanks aren't necessarily intended for Ukraine.
  Those tanks may be for the Poles because people forget the Poles and the Lithuanians, we've talked about it, used to dominate Western Ukraine for centuries if you go all the way back.
  So what's happening is the puppets are being removed and NATO is officially going to war, killing the Ukrainian leadership and now officially at war.
  Exactly!
  And then you compound it with what appears to be a form of genocide by going after, in Transcarpathia, there's a bunch of Hungarians.
  Hungary, of course, has opposed escalation of this conflict.
  Ukraine is going in there and dragging all the able-bodied men that are of Hungarian ancestry out of there, throwing them into the front lines to be killed constantly.
  Why?
   Because it appears they would be a resistance group If the Poles or NATO were to go into Western Ukraine and try to partition and take over Western Ukraine, the Hungarians and Transcarpathia would want nothing to do with it.
  And so it appears they're deliberately just killing all of the able-bodied military-age men of Hungarian ancestry.
  So you're saying the preparation is being made to split Ukraine like Hitler and Stalin split Poland during World War II?
  Exactly!
  And that's a perfect analogy, Alex, because that's the great danger.
  What happened when they went in there and decided to start splitting up Europe?
  Is it led to broader conflict, bigger war?
  And you know, you've been saying, what are they going to do since they're losing on the Pfizer front?
  They're losing on the vaccine mandate front.
  They're losing on the weaponization of the U.S.
  government front.
  Everybody's being outed.
  They're losing on the classified document theory they had against Trump.
  How are they going to be able to rebound?
  Well, start World War III, in fact.
  And they appear to be putting the groundwork in to escalate this conflict from a Russia-Ukrainian conflict to an entire world conflict.
  And they're putting the things in motion to achieve that.
  And they're doing it on a rapid path.
  And it all started with all those folks meeting together at Davos.
  Is that a coincidence that as soon as Davos happens, all these things go into motion?
   CIA director over to Ukraine, all the assassinations and take out of Ukrainian leadership, then
   there's these all genocidal effort against Hungarians and Transcarpathia, and then there's
  all of a sudden they're tending tanks to Poland.
   They're supposedly going to go to Ukraine, but it looks like they're going to go to Poland.
   The Poles are the only ones who know how to operate a lot of these tanks.
   And so it appears that this is designed for NATO and the Poles and the Lithuanians to
   recreate their old Polish-Lithuanian empire, partition and split up Ukraine, and that's
   how you get to World War III, is you get Russia and NATO right at each other's throat.
  Is there any way to avert this?
  We just have to continue to out it.
  So credit to Marjorie Taylor Greene, credit to Thomas Massey, saying we need to audit, credit to Rand Paul.
  We need to audit the Ukrainian funds right now because there's a lot of black budget money, a lot of exposure, a lot of what the real corruption is.
  That's good.
  We've got to push back also on the court of public opinion.
  We should not be escalating this conflict.
  We should not be getting deeper involved.
  We should not be sending more arms.
  We should not be encouraging the partition.
  Let's not recreate World War I and World War II all over again.
  Let's learn from history so we don't repeat it.
  I couldn't say it better myself.
  I couldn't say it that well.
  Robert Barnes, I was on your show with Viva Frye last night.
  It's amazing.
  That's linked up on Infowars.com.
  People want to share that.
  We talked about a lot of really in-depth, important subjects.
  We're going to come back with Robert Barnes.
  He's going to take your phone calls on this subject straight ahead.
  And then Leanne McAdoo in studio.
  I'm so excited.
  Coming up.
  Well, here we are with Robert Barnes.
  I'm Alex Jones, your host.
  I was on with him and his great co-host Viva Frye last night on an amazing interview.
  That's at Infowars.com right now.
   Barnes, We have a normalcy bias.
  I have it, you have it, we all have it.
  But if you're a historian, that's why I really like you, not just as a great lawyer, few people that I know have such a wide spectrum knowledge of history.
   You teach me a lot of stuff, and I've taught you a few things, but I don't think the average person, I think they get it, but I don't think people really understand That they're coming to an end of an old system.
  They always have a war for the new system, but we have nuclear weapons.
  So all their different think tanks bemoan since the 50s that we can't have the old system of wars to control our populations.
  But now we see the think tank saying, well, actually nuclear war is feasible and livable and we'll have a limited war.
  But every metric, every study, every war game shows limited nuclear war 90 plus percent of the time leads to full global end of the world crap.
  These people are truly psychotics.
  I want to go to phone calls, but just what's your take on that statement?
  I mean, yeah, exactly.
  History is the key here, Alex.
  As you reminded people, not only Operation Northwoods and the rest, the generals back in the late 50s, early 60s were convinced that nuclear war would work, that the U.S.
  would win a nuclear war.
  We're back to that.
  We've got some people at the top of the military, top of the State Department, top of the CIA, who are convinced that the U.S.
  can win a nuclear conflict.
  And this goes, you know, that's the reason why, as you know, you've talked to his daughter, Dr. Strangelove, the reason why that film was done is because he was deeply concerned about how many people in the military hierarchy had convinced themselves to wage nuclear war.
  One of the reasons they killed Kennedy is because President Kennedy was completely opposed to this insanity.
  He made sure to decelerate the pressure rather than accelerate it during the Bay of Pigs and the Cuban conflict and the Cuban Missile Crisis.
  He was the one to back out of that, not push forward, and they were enraged at him.
  And so let's be clear, here's the problem.
  This is mainline news, folks.
  This is a historical fact.
   The neocons with people like Donald Rumsfeld was the aid to LL Emmitzer in 61 when Kennedy fired him and Curtis LeMay because they had a secret nuke attack to launch attacks on Russia first without telling the President using what they call Plan R in the movie, another plan in reality, and Kennedy fired him, but they put their minions into the system of the neocons today that are now about to have the plan they wanted 50, 60 years ago.
  I mean, this is beyond insane.
  And put it together with something else that you've been covering, which is the extraordinary degree to which the globalist elite have been obsessively building personal bunker homes all around the world.
  And the question is, well, why in the world would you build something underground?
  You know, it's like a Graham Hancock story.
  Do you think we're back to sort of experiencing comets from the sky and going to wipe out civilization?
  The only reason you would be spending the amount of money the global elite is spending on underground bunker homes is if you think nuclear conflict is a real possibility, and you don't want to be the victim of it.
  You're willing to let everybody else be the victim of it, but you don't want to be the victim of it.
  Then you combine that with another fact.
  Why would the global elite not be uncomfortable with nuclear conflict?
  Well, you look at Bill Gates, what's his number one obsession?
  What's George Soros' number one obsession?
  When they did that meeting in 2009 that got outed at Rockefeller University with Nelson Rockefeller and Bill Gates and George Soros and Oprah Winfrey and Michael Bloomberg, what was the obsession?
  Overpopulation, in their view.
  They wanted to dramatically shrink the population.
  Global elite meet in secret to discuss overpopulation with David Rockefeller and the rest of them.
  Absolutely.
  Let's go to the calls.
  Thanks for holding.
  Tim in Seattle, you're on the air.
  Robert Barnes, go ahead.
  Hey, wow, this is an interesting call.
  Robert Barnes, Alex Jones, you guys are heroes in my mind.
  You guys are literally the only ones using God's energy, the truth, to try to set humanity free.
  I think the Satanists know that nuclear war is probably their best option if they're in a war with God.
  Because they believe that the Gamma Burst is the only energy capable of obliterating the soul.
  So with that being said, are we willing... I mean, I feel like a hostage.
  I feel like I'm huddled up in a corner waiting for the... I don't know.
  Is there a possible way?
  Is there a cultural revolution?
  Can we just show up with signs peacefully?
  I agree.
  Everybody should be protesting against the end of the world, against nuclear war right now.
  And you have a bunch of sick freaks that control things that are flirting with death.
  They get off on it.
  Barnes, you want to comment on what the caller asked?
  Yeah, I mean, well, it's why McGregor has been so aggressive on this.
  Colonel McGregor, who was one of the top Trump aides, who's been outing this all along, he was out there yesterday saying, look, there's no way that ultimately Ukraine can win this war on the battlefield over time, given Russian advantage.
  And his great concern is Zelensky and others connected to Ukraine have talked about using dirty bombs.
  Russia yesterday was saying there better be no uranium being shipped to Ukraine.
  They'll consider that a nuclear level threat.
  And his concern is that this will escalate.
  He goes, this is how we got into World War I. This is how World War II started.
  You know, starting to partition countries, starting to divvy up Europe, starting to use an ancestral ethnic dispute between a small part of the world and escalate it to a global conflict.
  Absolutely.
  And then once it happens, it's just out of control.
  Thank you, Tim.
  Michael, in FEMA Region 10, you're on the air with Robert Barnes.
  Go ahead.
  Hey guys, yeah, history, I appreciate you guys' perspective on that.
  I was a U.S.
  Army tanker for 10 years, and then I was commissioned as a U.S.
  Army JAG officer.
  I worked in national security stuff for another 20 until I retired, so over 30 total.
  Before I get into that, I just want to tell people, alpha power, DNA force, vitamin D3, VasoBeat, survival shield.
  I'm looking at my Alexa Pure Breeze, and I use your toothpaste.
  I love that stuff.
  Thank you.
  No fluoride in it, so.
  And I also hit the donate button, okay?
  Thank you.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  Here's what I... I was an army tanker back in 1980 through 83 in Europe.
  We got the first M1s in 1982.
  We had depleted uranium rounds, sabot rounds, and we trained all the time for a nuclear attack.
  There's a drill that tankers go through, so this has been contemplated for a long time.
  Go back to 1962, JFK's president, they have what's called the Cuban Missile Crisis, correct?
  Right?
  We nearly went to war over that.
  Why?
  Because Cuba is on our borders.
  It's 45 minutes away from Florida.
  The whole United States on the eastern seaboard was subject to a nuclear attack.
  We were prepared to go to nuclear war over that.
  We are now in reverse.
  Russia lost over 10 million people in World War II.
  Okay?
  They're paranoid.
  I know the Russian enemy.
  I studied them thoroughly.
  They will push that button rather than lose.
  And we have people in our government who are basically demonic.
  Biden, Pelosi, the rest of them.
  These are not good people.
  Okay?
  And so if you look at Ephesians, okay?
  Put on the armor of God.
  That's how we win.
  And then go fight.
  There's different ways of fighting.
  But we can all fight.
  Legal battles.
  Second Amendment battles.
  Right?
  In the courts.
  They're going on all over the country.
  Alright?
  Justice Thomas is our friend.
  In the court.
  So there's ways to fight that.
  Do not give up.
  Do not sit on your couch.
  Do not zone out.
  You gotta fight.
  Okay?
  Powerful call, brother.
  I totally agree.
  The Russians lost.
  Some estimates were 20 million.
  They're extremely paranoid and they will launch nuclear weapons.
  And this is insane.
  Yeah, I mean, Putin has said so repeatedly.
  And I think it's because he's increasingly nervous that people in the West... We've seen these reports that say, hey, yeah, we can start a nuclear war because Russia won't respond.
  That is insane.
  Russia guaranteed will respond.
  And this is very dangerous what they're doing.
  And I think they're doing so deliberately.
  I think they're doing so recklessly because the pandemic policies failed.
  And now they're turning to their other means of population control, nuclear war.
  That's right.
  They want to be the heroes.
  They start a war.
  Matt, thank you so much for your call.
  Powerful caller.
  Alright, more calls straight ahead with Robert Barnes.
  Barnes, tell people how they find your great show that's exploding.
  It's been popular for years, but you and Viva Frye is exploding.
  How do people find that?
  Sure, the best place to go where you can find all the content is VivaBarnesLaw.Locals.com.
  Or just type in Robert Barnes, Viva Frye, you'll find it.
  Love your show.
  Let's come back and take more calls for a couple of segments ahead of Lee and McAdoo in the studio.
  Callers, stay there.
  Back in just a few minutes, InfoWars.com.
  Tomorrow's news today, and the show's so good I can't plug.
  I just gotta go to your calls, but just go to InfoWars.store or we won't be on air, plus the great products you need.
  There's no broadcast like it on Earth.
  It's the Alex Jones Show.
  A lot bigger than little old me.
  It's all the great guests.
  The calls, the analysis, our crew, our reporters.
  It is.
  Recognized by the enemy as the number one threat to the New World Order.
  Wow!
  That doesn't say how powerful we are.
  It says how weak they are.
  They have to bring the world to the edge of nuclear war to try to keep control of us.
  Robert Barnes, constitutional lawyer, great historian, writing Shotgun with us.
  Leanne McAdoo coming in next hour.
  Robert Barnes is taking your questions and comments and giving his amazing analysis.
  Let's go right back to the calls.
  The order that received, Bart in Georgia, you're on the air.
  Yes, sir.
  The Biden regime desperately wants the United States to get nuked.
  Why?
  I think the deep state is going to use a nuclear attack to put us into martial law and cancel the 2024 election.
  What do you think, Robert and Alex?
  No, I think Barnes said it earlier.
  They're overturning the chessboard.
  They've said over and over again, you try to go, I remember a few years ago, EU had said, if you try to leave the EU, we'll just have a war.
  I have no doubt.
  I mean, especially what happened, the sequence of events that we described in Ukraine, that people can find, people like the Duran and others have been covering in a range of topics, is just deeply concerning.
  Deeply, deeply concerning.
  And quantify that.
  You know if you go to the Russian borders with weapons, as the tanker and Jag guy was saying earlier, you put troops on the U.S.
  border, you get a war.
  Exactly.
  You put troops on the Chinese border, you get a war.
  And so it's default, go start a fight with the Russians, you'll get one.
  You were pointing it out last night, Alex.
  They tend to always stick to the same script.
  They don't really deviate that much.
  This is the World War I and World War II script all over again.
  This is how that escalated into a global conflict.
  The various countries decided to start petitioning Europe in their own preferred way and put adversaries right next to each other.
  And that's what they're doing.
   I mean, people, the fact that mainstream media has downplayed the sequence of events of Davos,
   CIA goes to Kiev, suddenly half of the Ukrainian government is being taken out,
   is being removed, is either being dismissed, charged with crimes are flat out killed and assassinated in a
  helicopter crash.
  They still haven't explained.
  This is very disturbing.
   And now they go from we're not sending tanks to let's send tanks to Poland right on the
   border and all of a sudden Poland and Romania are you are talking about putting troops in
  and likely going in across the border and they're taking up.
  It's funny you bring that up.
  I talked to some of my sources.
  I'll just leave it at that.
   In special operations six months ago who were overseas, they're back.
  One of them's back now.
  They said listen look for Poland to take half of Ukraine.
  That's the real plan.
  And I said that at the time and now we're seeing it.
  Absolutely!
  And for those who don't know their history, Polish-Lithuanian Empire dominated most of Western Ukraine for the better part of four to five centuries.
  Now, by the way, it was part of what precipitated aspects of World War II because the ultra-nationalist of the Banderites of Bandera under Western Ukraine waged a war of terrorism against the Poles in Western Ukraine and in Poland.
  That's why they aligned with the Nazis against Poland, aligned with the Nazis against the West.
  That's right.
  And the globalists have been using those same splits to manipulate the whole thing again.
  Absolutely.
  Exactly.
  It's the same script.
  They said, hey, let's take the old script.
  If we can't use a pandemic to purge the population, if we can't use the pandemic to control the world, if we can't use the pandemic to disband elections and democracy, what's option two?
  Nuclear war.
  Massive conflict.
  Wow.
  Total insanity.
  Bart, go ahead.
  Yes, sir.
  I would just want to say I saw Escape from New York when I was about nine years old.
  I've always thought it was prophecy, not a movie.
  I agree with you.
  Any way to stop nuclear war, Bart?
  Pray.
  God love you, brother.
  I love you.
  Appreciate you.
  I do love our listeners.
  I love everybody.
  Man, we're in this together.
  Everybody that hates tyranny, I love you.
  We're brothers and sisters.
  Let's talk to Matt in Ohio.
  Matt, you're on the air.
  Oh, hey, I just wanted to say how inspiring you guys are.
  I love you guys.
  I love all the information.
  I love the free associations who come together.
  It's just so awesome and inspiring.
  And kind of going to your point, Alex and Robert, I know you guys are both fans of music and popular culture and so on.
  You guys are the leaders in popular culture now.
  Um, but yeah, you know, it's like, where are the musicians?
  Of course, as you both know from the history books, you know, late 1960s, a lot of anti-war music.
  Um, even during the Iraq War, there was a lot of anti-war music.
  Um, for whatever it's worth, I'm not sitting on my laurels.
  Um, uh, I've got a music project called Mad 45.
  Folks can check out the tune No More Bombs.
  It's on YouTube under Mad45TV.
  And I just released a track called What Happened to Change.
  I'm gonna look it up, Mad45.
  Hey, I'm mad at Trump about the shots, but at least Trump said this is insane, end the war, World War III, not sustainable, thanks for the call.
  Your take on Trump?
  He's really doing the right thing, Barnes, right now.
  He's the only major leader calling to end this war.
  Absolutely, and from the very beginning.
  And now, to his credit, J.D.
  Vance is now in the United States Senate.
  First thing he does is say, we need to audit the Ukrainian funds.
  Because what he understands, what Marjorie Taylor Greene understands, is that's where the deep state's corruption would be exposed and would undermine this effort to escalate the conflict in Ukraine.
  But definitely credit to President Trump repeatedly saying this is insanity, we should stop it now.
  Let me go over there and negotiate it, and this would end, because Trump knows exactly what is happening, much as President Kennedy did before he was assassinated.
  That's right.
  Let's go to another caller here.
  Let's get Scott at Nova Scotia Canada's tank.
  He has World War III predictions.
  Give us your view, please.
  Give me a little bit of a favor.
  I'll try to be quick.
   Scott Spottle, the People's Party of Canada here in Nova Scotia, the only party that's
  opposing this insane war.
   He's also a moderator for your old InfoWars website, almost died of COVID February 2020.
   Lost two loved ones to the shot from the family of our last Commonwealth soldier killed in
  World War I.
   We've been mourning about this war since this summer as everybody else has.
  Give me a little bit of a favor.
  Back off your telephone.
  Okay.
  That's better, go ahead.
  Okay, from the People's Party of Canada here in Nova Scotia, almost started COVID, lost two loved ones to the shot.
  I'm from the family of last Commonwealth soldier, killed in World War I, and I've been warning about this war since this summer as everybody else was up in arms.
  Yes sir, so give us your predictions.
  I predict this is just going to escalate continually.
  Russia is not going to back down.
  They're not going to stop.
  And I think to stop this, we need to focus on the atrocities committed in 2014.
  There's a great report from CNN from 2014 where they're actually on the ground in the city of Donetsk reporting on the constant rocket attacks with the sublime reading that 2,500 people have been killed.
   If you look at the Middle Eastern wars, people... Sure, so the West backed an attack on Russian-held areas, Russian populations to precipitate this, and if you follow the Russian model, Or the historical signature.
  They always lose up front and then mobilize and win in the end.
  And the point is the Russians are now mobilizing.
  So no matter how high tech the weapons are, it's just going to escalate and escalate and escalate.
  I appreciate your call.
  Barnes, what are you predicting happens unless the so-called leadership finds Jesus and backs down?
  I mean, the irony is, we are all dependent upon Putin being the reasonable one in all of this.
  Because Putin's self-restraint is the only thing that is stopping this from escalating to nuclear conflict.
  And so that's not necessarily the best position for the whole world to be dependent upon, is Putin and Russia to be the restrained ones in this situation.
  So, but I think everybody, like his point about reminding everybody about 2014, the Maidan coup.
  People can follow Patrick Lancaster.
  He's been a reporter on the ground in Donetsk and the Donbass region all the way since then, detailing all the atrocities to remind people of what's going on.
  Don't buy into the government narrative, the Romney narrative, the Western narrative, the Davos narrative.
  Continue to push back in the court of public opinion.
  Again, the Twitter files revealed how important everybody's voice is.
  Just as everybody keeping InfoWars on the air by going to InfoWars store, continue to just buy.
  It's the easiest way to support the freest media network in the world.
  You buy something that makes you healthier and wealthier and wiser in the process.
  It's the easiest protocol, easiest method.
  You don't have to even be all that active.
   You just got to say, Here's something that I like.
  I guarantee you there's something there that you like.
  And I like it.
  I get it at a good price.
  I get it.
  It makes me physically and biologically healthier and freer from the big pharma, big medicine, big agriculture complex.
  And by doing so, continue to get that information out, continue to get to keep this network on the air, continue to make sure to share the links and the information, because that's what's pushing back.
  We were successful, extraordinarily successful, pushing back on their pandemic policies.
  That's right.
  We're going to do five more minutes.
  You've got to go.
  Then Lea McEnany is coming in.
  We'll take a few more calls.
  But pulling back from this, I don't want to go harass or attack the globals for doing this, because that feeds into their thing of being a victim.
  But they do feel insulated from nuclear war and their policies.
   What are peaceful ways, with 45 seconds left or a minute left, to have the establishment Kind of have a reality check and not be delusional here because they're openly got us into a proxy war now an open war with Russia.
  They're luring us into this war.
  We're now in it.
  How do we get them to really come back down to ground?
   Continued popular protest, continued efforts in the court of public opinion can't be understated, overrated.
  And this is across the globe. It needs to happen in Europe.
  It needs to happen in Latin America.
   It needs to happen globally. And that's what needs to continue to happen.
   That's the only thing that's going to restrain them. That's the only thing that's going to restrict them.
  That's the only thing that's going to scare them.
   Look at just as they are brushing off their script from old to start a new war.
   Look at our script of what we did at the InfoWars audience at stopping their insane pandemic policies,
  at stopping the lockdowns, at stopping the mandate.
   That's right. The propaganda would not be necessary if the situation was hopeless.
  Back in two minutes, a few final calls, Robert Barnes, then Liam McAdoo in studio.
  Stay with us.
  The idea, the idea that we're going to send in offensive equipment and have planes and tanks and trains going in with American pilots and American crews, just understand, and don't kid yourself, no matter what you all say, that's called World War III.
  Okay.
  That's called World War 3 okay.
  Barnes, your take on that?
  No doubt.
  I mean, I think Trump was following you yesterday because it was after you went on your rant about World War 3 that we saw him put out his most aggressive statement yet.
  He came out, you know, put out his truth statement that said, after this come the nukes and the war now.
  And so great.
  I mean, that's where for all of Trump's vices and vulnerabilities, his great strength remains his instincts on foreign policy.
  No dumb wars.
  First president to keep us out of dumb wars since at least Carter.
  You could arguably since Kennedy.
  And the first one to actually care about real trade policies to put American workers back to work.
  Since anybody, arguably.
   in the modern era since before World War two and so the so again
   So I think he's he's following what you're doing and leading and Andy what the audience is doing by continuing
   to have Info wars, it's not me. It's the audience all the guests.
   It's his family, but it does have an effect on Trump That's a good thing Robert in Thailand. You're on there
   with Robert Barnes. Go ahead Alex bless you and thank you and
   Robert on behalf of Marvel fans worldwide. Thank you for saving Blake
  You saved Blade.
  You're the man who saved Blade.
  Thank you so much.
  I wanted to say that although I am Robert from Thailand, I'm probably going to be Robert from Argentina pretty soon because it doesn't look really good with this situation.
  My dad worked for the Department of Energy and he told me that 10,000 years is how long the land is going to be useless if these things go off.
   All the Well, plus if you use neutron bombs, still you have 400 plus reactors that melt down, worse than Chernobyl and worse than Fukushima.
   So this Neil deGrasse Tyson story that's going around saying, "Oh yeah, we have nukes that
  don't spread radiation now."
  This is completely insane.
  Completely, totally insane.
   Well, plus if you use neutron bombs, still you have 400 plus reactors that melt down,
  worse than Chernobyl and worse than Fukushima.
  So we cannot have a nuclear war.
   I know it's extreme, I know it's radical, it's racist, but we cannot survive a major
  Go ahead.
  Yeah, well, I mean, it's absolutely suicidal.
  You know, and he told me about some of these things.
  They have one that's like a, it has a whole bunch of little hockey pucks in it.
  They're like hockey puck looking things.
  And each one of them is a nuclear bomb and it just spews these hockey pucks all over the place, this missile.
  And this was like decades and decades ago that they had this thing.
  Imagine the stuff they have now.
  It's just really, it needs to stop.
  We have to back off.
  It has to stop.
  Thanks for your call.
  Your phone's breaking up.
  Robert Barnes, Leon McAdoo is going to come in.
  I'm going to continue with calls while she's on.
  We're going to be talking about World War III.
  We're going to air a video that came out like two weeks before the election in 2016.
  They got tens of millions of views.
  Darren McBreen and Leon McAdoo put together, dealing with the scenario of Hillary saying, I will attack Russia.
  I will launch the nukes.
  Those insane statements.
  That's basically where we're back to.
  One minute closing comment.
  We've got to continue to fight, so always remember that.
  Remember the power that you have.
  The greatest trick the devil ever pulled is convincing people he did not exist.
  The greatest trick the system has ever pulled is convincing you that you cannot resist.
  There are all kinds of ways to resist.
  Whether it's supporting InfoWars at InfoWarsStore.com to keep this information on the air, to make sure people know, to keep broadcasting the truth, to be the Paul Revere of the modern era, warning us of the disaster coming if we don't act now, to constructive, productive, everyday ways that all of you can participate.
  The FBI wasn't spending days at a time looking at even small accounts, if even small accounts don't matter.
  Every voice matters.
  Don't let them fool you.
  Don't let them trick you.
  Continue to resist.
  Remember the pandemic.
  Our organized efforts, led here by the InfoWars audience, is what stopped those lockdowns in their track from becoming a permanent reality of our existence.
  It's what pushed back against the vaccines, pushed back against- And we can do it again.
  We have to.
  The future of our species is on the line.
  Robert Barnes, talk to you soon.
  Thank you.
  Absolutely.
  Glad to be here, Alex.
  This hour of anti-nuclear war heresy, brought to you by Ultimate Bone Broth, back in stock, 25% off.
  Infowarstore.com.
  William McAdoo straight ahead.
*Sounds of a car crashing* *Sounds of a car crashing* Well, I just want to say about Diet 4...
  Diet force is amazing!
  I'm 45 and I have bits.
  I go to the gym and I have bits that won't move.
  And diet force has helped me move those bits.
  Under my pecs, my belly, I'm just taking diet force two tablets a day.
   Man, if you're struggling to get Like, chip shake for the ladies.
  Mate, DietForce is the go.
  You have to get the DietForce and have two a day.
  And just keep at it.
  InfoWarsStore.com.
  X7 DietForce.
  InfoWarsStore.com, baby!
  Now on sale.
  We're cutting that call into an ad.
  I can guarantee you that.
  Thanks so much for the call, Grant.
  God bless Australia.
  We'll be right back, folks.
  Don't go anywhere.
  InfoWarsStore.com.
  DietForce.
  Get it now.
  
   The idea, the idea that we're gonna send in offensive equipment and have planes and
   tanks and trains going in with American pilots and American crews, just understand, and don't
   kid yourself, no matter what you all say, that's called World War III.
  Okay?
  The bottom line on nuclear weapons is that when the president gives the order, it must be followed.
  There's about four minutes between the order being given and the people responsible for launching nuclear weapons to do so.
  As president, I will make it clear.
  That the United States will treat cyber attacks just like any other attack.
  We will be ready with serious political, economic, and military responses.
  They're voting for peace on planet Earth if they vote for Trump.
  But if they vote for Hillary, it's war.
  We came, we saw, he died.
  With her, you'll end up in World War III.
  I want the Iranians to know that if I'm the president, we will attack Iran.
  Right now, Senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria would require us to go to war against Syria and Russia.
  The U.S.
  military has just raised the threat level to DEFCON 2.
  Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton is still threatening Russia with military action following unconfirmed reports of further hacking.
  It's like she's not even concerned about the repercussions.
  Of course not, because she's... There's a really loud noise.
  Alright, looks like we're having a little bit of technical difficulties.
  We'll try to get Leanne back on in a few minutes.
  When the president gives the order, it must be followed.
  
   Alright, it was a little over six years ago that Lee Ann McAdoo and Derrick McGreen put together that piece you just saw.
  She's back with us, former InfoWars reporter, a great journalism graduate from the University of Texas, and she's here with us.
  We have been through quite the saga.
  It's got to be eight, nine years plus I've known her.
  And she's here with us in studio to talk about all the big issues, all the craziness.
  Well, Trump got in.
  We didn't have the war.
  Now the Democrats are back in.
  They're pushing for the war.
  Republicans are involved in it.
  All the vaccine news is coming out, being confirmed.
  How crazy is it, Leanne, to have been here many, many years ago when we were still kind of underground?
  And now it's almost passe.
  I mean, Elon Musk says, what conspiracy theory hasn't turned out to be true?
  Right, exactly.
  It's not a theory if it's actually a fact.
  It's then a conspiracy.
  So I think we were kind of in the thick of it.
  And you've been for quite some time where, you know, it was a bad word to be called a conspiracy theorist.
  And now everything we've been saying is all coming true and mainstream and people can see it with their own eyes.
  And even the people who were so strong on getting their 15th COVID booster were finally starting to come around now that they're admitting they're not even effective.
  You're not just a politically smart lady.
  Gut level, spiritually, you're smart.
  What does your instincts tell you about the danger level of where we are?
  Are we going to have full-blown nuclear war?
  We're already in a war with Russia.
  What is Big Pharma going to do?
  Is their own executives get caught on tape bragging, yeah, we made the viruses, we released them, we're using it for control.
  I mean, it just seems like they're exposing themselves, but they think they're protected.
  Mm-hmm, right.
  Well, I sort of straddle, you know, looking at things from a more spiritual place and so recognizing that this is absolutely foretold and we are living in these crazy times and it is going to get crazier.
  I do believe it really is, but it's by design.
   It's all been foretold and we have to have faith and we have to, you know, remain kind of holy people who have faith and trust and, you know, We have been enlightened.
  There's a reason why we have received, you know, wisdom and are able to kind of share this with other people, right?
  So there's a reason why we have to kind of hold steadfast in our knowing, our faith, our truth, and hope.
  I mean, hope is the one thing that will shine in the darkness, but I do think it is going to get a lot darker.
  You know, which is why we're kind of being asked to step up even more to like be in a place of light and the truth, bringing the truth and the wisdom to people because it's really trying to be stolen from us, occulted in such an incredible way, like mass psychosis because of all the disinformation that's out there.
  So more than ever, people need the truth and hope.
  I mean, I agree with you.
   The establishment knows that Their phase is coming to an end, and we're entering a new cycle, and they're trying to pre-position for control in the future because they're scared and they're endangering everything out of their fear of losing control, and there's got to be some way.
  But we see the whistleblowers, we see the exposés, we see everything they do turning to crap, but they just double down, so we're in that paradox right now.
  Right, and it's like eventually all of the truth is going to come out, everyone's going to be exposed, you know, they'll soon begin eating their own and eventually there's nowhere for anyone to hide.
  Right now they're just sort of shining a light on this person or that person, you know, who's in opposition that they can take out, what company can we expose so that they'll fall and crumble and take people's confidence out of crypto and things like that.
  Right now, it's just they're dismantling and only allowing the truth to shine on the certain companies that are opposition.
  But eventually, it's like, who's left?
  Okay, well, now we have to start taking out people who are even seen as our allies.
  Eventually, you know, there's kind of like a double-sided sword here with technology.
  How it's all rolling out is, eventually, it's just you can't hide.
  The truth is going to be easily hacked into, if anything.
  You're going to be exposed.
  I agree with you.
  What's your political view on this war accelerating into open war with Russia right now?
  I mean, it's just incredible to watch, and it's incredible to...
  In fact, I try not to watch it because it just hurts me and energetically it hurts my body.
  Because we know what's going on and we see it and it's like, oh boy, the omnibus, it's out of control, this is terrible, it's 15,000 pages and 6 feet tall and we shouldn't vote on this.
  And then they do.
  And it's like, oh, why?
  Why is spending out of control?
  Gee, I wonder, should we send more bombs and missiles and all the new technology we get to use now in the war in Ukraine?
  It's like, people are oblivious.
  And so many people signed on and they changed their social media to the blue and yellow flag and they're like, yeah, we support it, you should go in and send money.
  But since when do you get the left to...
  How do they get the left to fully pledge themselves to be the war party?
  And it does not have to go through Congress for a vote, because all the people are like, yeah, do it!
  Bomb them!
  You know?
  It's just like, that's how they get things put forward.
  Sean Penn's like, let's have a nuclear war!
  What's wrong with that?
  Yeah!
  Exactly.
  It's like, how dare you Nazis be against nuclear war?
  How dare you racists?
  Right.
  You don't want to bomb people.
  You know, it's just, and then, and then just the insane debt here and like the massive homeless population that's everywhere now.
   I mean, it's starting to even trickle down into where, where I, where I'm from, my neighborhood, you know, where it's, it is, you know, pretty Republican there and they don't, There aren't a lot of programs like that, but people are trying to kind of make it more like it is in Austin, where it's like all left people sitting, making the rules, and then they just, they want to be so helpful by letting them do whatever they want, sleep on the streets, but that's not helping people get ahead in life.
  That's not helping them find a home or, you know, by just allowing them, you know, giving them needles and drugs and free access.
  It's normalizing the collapse.
   It's normalizing it and so I think a lot of people are starting to see that there's a you know a bit of a sickness and a mass psychosis and so those of us who aren't hypnotized in this like mass hypnosis of it all we really do have to Turn things off at a certain point and get back into our hearts with our discernment, because we all do kind of contain that spirit within us, that Holy Spirit, if you want, that will, it has the answers, you know, and so a lot of people just can't even hear that voice anymore because we're so bombarded with noise and... Well you just said it, that's the AI's plan, is to cut us off from our spirit, our instincts, our common sense.
  Absolutely.
  And it can't.
  I just don't think it'll win.
  But, you know, I think even when people do start plugging in the brain chips and stuff, there is going to be a time of... Well, I want to ask you a laundry list of questions.
  What do you think of Elon Musk?
  What do you think of all the Twitter fouls?
  What do you think of what's happening with the poison shots?
  All that and more.
  And we're going to get you a headset, too.
  An earpiece.
  Because Leanne McAdoo is here.
  We're going to take some calls as well.
  And she promises while she's visiting Texas in the next month to come back again.
  And she's a hypnotist too.
  She's going to hypnotize me.
  You know, it feels good to have Leanne McAdoo, one of the original OGs here at InfoWars, popping in and visiting us today.
  She's in Texas for the next few weeks.
  I hope she comes back again.
  But Leanne, I could ask you a million questions.
  We've got some calls coming up.
  But what else are you focused on?
  I mean, are you optimistic about the future?
  They did the lockdowns, they did the poison shots, that's all coming out everywhere.
  I mean, are you optimistic?
  Well, yes and no.
   I choose to have an optimistic point of view on things and I sort of like a shift in perspective of like, being prepared versus, you know, surviving kind of
   mentality where it's like, okay, there's food shortages or this is happening, well,
   let's grow a garden, let's get some chickens, you know, the price of eggs are
   out of control, well guess what, we already got some chickens and started, we're
   prepared, we're not, we don't have this mentality of like, you know, I'm gonna die
   and everything's going to hell, even though it might be, but I feel like it's
  a...
  You're saying don't be a victim.
  Exactly.
  Take it as a challenge.
  Be prepared, and there's nothing to worry about when you've already got your well dug out, and your yard, and you're good, and I know some people, that's not possible for them, so I don't want to sound like a, you know, I'm saying impossible things, but if they're... Not everybody's got a shotgun, a rifle, and a four-wheel drive like Liam McAdams.
   property and a water well, you know, I get it. But in whatever way that you can be prepared,
   even if it's just, you know, making sure you have extra dry goods. So when the store runs
  out of everything, you're prepared.
   Stop feeling like you're secure because you're not being a victim, you're an overcomer.
   Yeah. And also just know that we are living in times that have been foretold.
  There is, you know, people are talking about the Pluto return and stuff.
  You know, we haven't seen it since 1776.
  I mean, this is... Explain that, it's true.
  And even people don't believe in this.
  The elites are obsessed with astrology and astronomy.
  Astrology is absolutely 100% controlling things behind the scenes.
  Astrotheology... Hitler ran the whole war off that.
  Absolutely.
  And so, but they of course took it away from the masses because they did not want us to understand or have access.
  They wanted to only control the energies that are, you know, in the air.
   And so this is kind of a time where chaos It happens, and it is the breaking down of the old world.
  It's shifting from Pisces into Aquarius, which is just, you know, where we're moving in location to the sky.
  But energetically, it's like, one, the old world is dying, and then there's the new world order.
  And so the old world... That's why they call it the new world order, because they're really the old world order.
  It truly is a new world that we are moving into on the horizon.
  It's kind of like, okay, well everyone's, you know, maybe shifting away from religion or whatever.
  How can we destroy that mindset but then move people into a new God?
  And so what's the new God going to be?
  Is it going to be AI?
  Are they going to fake an alien invasion and everyone thinks they're God?
  Or is the government going to finally get its wish and be God?
  You know, people are begging.
  So it's the establishment trying to position itself on top.
  Always!
  That's they're prepared.
  They know the shift is coming.
  They know there's this big energetic thing.
  Very similar to when 2020 was coming around and it was like 50 year anniversary of like, you know, the 60s and all the riots and all the things going on.
  It's like, that was why I moved away from Austin because I knew I was like, I don't want to be here when that energy percolates because... That's what you told me when you left.
  People said, why Leanne Lee?
  Why'd she?
  You said, I can't handle the energy here.
   And I meant to cover the CNN articles also in like Science Journal, but They've confirmed that the center core of the Earth has stopped spinning, and I meant to cover that, like the core of the Earth stopped spinning, go ahead and look that up, and that means a pulse shift's imminent.
  Right.
  And this is just natural.
  It happens, you know, but we just so happen to be alive at this really intense time.
  And what's that going to do with the satellites and all the rest of it, Erlina?
  There it is.
  Earth's core has stopped and may be reversing direction, study says.
  And whether that's true or not, they know that they've been recording over 100 years, the magnetic field and the poles of the Earth have moved thousands of miles.
  Right, of course, which is why... And it's speeding up.
  ...solar flares and, like, electromagnets.
  So the Earth might change course and suddenly the U.S.
  is in Antarctica, or... It'll shift about, I think, 15 degrees is what they say, and that's why the pole star isn't exactly lined up with the North Pole anymore, or, you know, the pyramid.
  Things are just off just a bit, because we move, you know, when the poles shift.
  But the ancients knew to line stuff up with that.
  Absolutely!
  Yeah, and it's, you know, it's, I'm not saying, oh, it's no big deal, you know, cataclysm, it's another, I mean, but can we do anything about it?
  But we know these cataclysms come.
  Right.
  Everything Plato wrote was non-fiction, and they found like 95% of it's been confirmed.
  Like cities he said were here, they didn't believe they'd find them there.
  He said like thousands of years before Atlantis blew up in the Atlantic Ocean, they had an energy source that was free, it blew up, the Earth basically shifted where it was at.
  I mean, that's what's happening.
  And Alex, that's the kind of stuff that has really captured my attention.
  I've always been super into that stuff, but of course, you know, you kind of come and go with the things that you're intrigued with.
  But I'm really, I'm getting back into more of the occulted information that's out there, that we, we are hidden history and things that... And it's not what occulted means.
  It's not the occult.
  Occult means hidden.
  Hidden.
  What's hidden.
  Occulted means hidden.
  Right, it just, occulted means that it's hidden.
  You know, like the moon is occulted when it's a new moon.
  It's just, it's hidden in darkness, kind of.
  And so, it's just information that you don't have access to unless you know the password.
  You know what to say, you make it to the next level.
  Or, you know, it used to be when we would surf the web, you could go down all sorts of rabbit holes.
   But now, because Google and, you know, they kind of own that highway, Um, they don't allow you to access those certain off-roads, and so you can't even gain access to a lot of those rabbit holes, if you will, on that information unless you know where to look, how to look, what, you know, words to use.
  And, um, you know, that's why I thought it was really interesting when Matt Drudge came to the studio years ago and told us all to get out of these Internet ghettos.
  Because that's what they said.
  They've told me I've met.
  He'd met with Clarence Thomas.
  And Clarence told him, well, in five, six years, it's all over.
  He'd been told they're getting rid of free speech.
  You saw the deputy head of the EU, unelected last week, say at Davos, oh, we're about to ban American speech.
  And they had U.S.
  Congressmen on the stage agreeing.
  Yeah.
  It's dangerous.
  That's crazy.
  Yeah, we can't let people be free thinkers.
  And of course, you know, going with, again, the occulted knowledge, but it's on words and the meaning of words and even government, you know, which is like steer the mind.
  So that's what they believe their job is to sort of steer the minds of their subjects.
  But they're not steering us in a good way.
  Why would a true elite want to dumb people down?
  If they're such elites, they should try to empower us.
  Well, then we would realize that we're sovereign beings and we don't need dweebs controlling us and telling us what to do.
  The most sickest, disgusting, slovenly people coming out as like our health patrol, you know?
  And you're like, I would never take a single shred of advice from you.
  You look like you're dead.
  What is it about the health officials around the world?
  They all look like dead zombies.
  Yeah.
  And they, they don't, you know, they're like, I've gotten 57 vaccines and nothing happened to me.
   You know, you're just like, Okay.
  They can barely walk or talk.
  Yeah, and they're like drooling in their brains, and you know, it's just, they're very unhealthy people.
  And they pass out on TV routinely, like, I'm brave!
  I'm getting the shot, it's fine!
  You know, just like pass out on camera.
  But then it's like the cognitive dissonance, it's like, oh no, she just didn't have enough to eat.
  That's why she passed out.
  It couldn't have been that vaccine.
  But the insurance actuaries show mass death.
  Oh, you know, I spoke- Yeah, there's the health minister.
  I'm not being mean, but come on, folks.
  It's just, you know, you will know them by their fruits, right?
  And it's just, if anyone has just like a shred of discernment, you kind of go, huh, you know, maybe I'm not going to eat the same exact thing as what you're suggesting, because you look kind of ill, you know?
  Incredible.
  Leanne McAdoo.
  I don't know that one up in the top left hand corner.
  I'm going to date her.
  That's Jabba the Hutt's wife.
  Yeah, she likes Belgian waffles and chocolate.
  Well, I'm not perfect, but God, I look a lot better.
  That woman, the woman in the lower right-hand corner could star in the next zombie movie.
  Yeah.
  Brains!
  All right, your phone calls are coming up.
  We'll get into so much more.
  Leanne McAdoo, amazing.
  Well, the great Leanne McAdoo is with us.
  She's going to be popping in on the War Room today as well, and she's going to come back and see us very, very soon.
  Leanne, it's so great to have you here.
  I want to go to some phone calls.
  I want to take calls on this whole situation with Biden saying, you send tanks.
  It's World War III, now he's sending tanks.
  But before we go to calls, other big issues that are on your radar.
  You know, I just I wanted to come today as well and just kind of show people what it's like coming from a free state where we haven't been masked up for years.
  Yeah, and people are actually like standing up against all the tyranny and to just, you know, see how powerful a governor can be who can stand up against, you know, federal government and just say that's not right.
  The only thing that sort of frightens me is that, of course, there's been a mass exodus of people from New York and California and stuff moving to Texas and Florida.
  So it'll be interesting to see where things go from there.
   But yeah, I just I think it's very interesting that I had spoken with someone years ago who was very involved with like the medical community.
   He creates medical devices and stuff and so he had kind of a backdoor information on the COVID vaccine and he was always very outspoken against it and he sort of told me it'll be about 10 years like you're gonna totally stop hearing about COVID and then maybe 10 years it might come back around where people start admitting that it was That there were some issues and they knew about it all along.
  But I think it's really wonderful that it's coming out now, like much sooner.
  Oh, the globalists admit they're in panic.
  This is hurting them.
  Yeah.
  And so there's still people where it's fresh in their minds that their father died or their mother died or their sister died or their kids, their young kids.
  And that was the other thing he told me is that within that 10 years, what they're going to try and do is normalize.
  And they'll put it in people's brains of like, oh, dementia and Alzheimer's.
  Little kids have heart attacks now.
  It's normal.
  Very young people are getting Alzheimer's now.
  It's sort of strange.
  Heart attacks?
  Who, you know, perfectly healthy 18-year-olds having heart attacks?
  This is... And they actually did have an article about it, and they tried to name it something new, like if it's just this random new thing that's come about.
  And so, how evil!
  How evil do you have to be to be a reporter or a journalist or a news editor that's like, we're going to run with that angle.
  You know, tell the story this way.
  We need to protect everyone who was kind of involved in this.
  Well, that's why they did it was to see who they could corrupt and who will go along with the next big attack.
  And that's really the key.
  Carlos in Canada, you're on the air with Leanne McAdoo on the Alex Jones Show.
  Carlos, thanks for holding her on the air.
  Thank you, Alex.
  Thank you, Leanne.
  Just basically, my analysis is straightforward.
  If you look at a map of Ukraine, you find that at the stage that we are at right now, there's a fork on the road.
  We can go World War III, in which case, well, there's nothing to say.
  The next war, as Einstein said, will begin with sticks and stones.
  Or we can look at the Russian solution.
  The Russian solution began, was triggered in November 2021.
  When Zelensky threatened to go nuclear in its arsenal in Ukraine.
  At that point, three months later, this special military operation was launched.
  What we have now is a situation where, if you look at the map of Ukraine, from the North Kharkiv area to the South of Odessa, there's a river that runs from the North to the South.
  It's called the Dnieper River.
  The left bank of it, which is the eastern side of it, to the Russian border, and it's essentially Russian population, pro-Russia desire.
  The north, the Kharkiv area has said they want to have a referendum to join Russia, and all the way to Odessa.
  people will go in favor of seeing Russia.
   So we know Putin wants a little bit of Ukraine that's almost completely Russian and been part of Russia forever
   until Lenin gave it over to the Ukrainians and he wants to guarantee that they will not join NATO
   which Henry Kissinger now says they want to do. So the fork in the road, we're going towards nuclear war.
  The fork in the road is that people don't understand.
  First of all, once Russia has the buffer zone with the river, you have to cross banks across the river.
  It's going to be a little hard if there are no bridges.
  And if there's no fly zone over that area and there's no electricity or whatever, or people, it's going to be the buffer zone that Russia will want to have.
  I think that's the Russian solution.
  They don't want to take over 40 million Ukrainians that are not friendly, okay?
  So it's not going to happen.
  So as far as I'm concerned, the Russian solution ends, because once that happens, NATO can pound sand.
  Because they're going to have to go to the next level, which is to trigger some sort of assault on Russia.
  And that's why the entire NATO force in those towns in that area have been trying to keep the Russians from taking those areas.
  Who would you say is winning the war right now?
  Well, Robert Barnes stated on it perfectly well.
  He didn't quite say it, but the moment that Solidar has fallen, that triggered a reaction in the West.
  As soon as Bakhmut falls, then it came over.
  It's bye-bye.
  Because at that stage, the service roads and the supply lines and all that are all gone.
  And that means that the eastern part of the Dnieper River is Russian territory, which is the point I'm making.
  So that's the Russian solution.
  I don't think the West can get all those tanks and troops in place by the time the Russians complete those operations.
  My end point is this.
  People must understand.
  You warriors in the sofas sitting there thinking it's a video game.
  It isn't.
  Think about something that President Putin has not said to you.
   Nuclear policy of Russia is yes to use nuclear power only at the last moment when the security of Russia is going to be the Thank you for the call, Leigh Ann.
  That's where we're at.
   is that all the nuclear targets will be fired simultaneously.
  They're only pressing one button.
  It's simultaneous.
  Total commitment.
  That's the end of it.
  Thank you for the call.
  Leigh Ann, that's where we're at.
  Why would they push Russia into this?
   Well, the thing that I, it just reminds me is when we were reporting on it back in 2015
  when they had the coup in Ukraine.
  And gosh, I can't, the name is escaping me right now, but she was caught on the hot mic talking about how they needed to work with the neo-Nazis in Ukraine.
  Victoria Nuland.
  Victoria Nuland to like take out their president and put in the US appointed comedian Zelensky, right?
  And so imagine if Hillary Clinton had gotten elected.
  That was their plan all along, pushing all of this mass chaos.
  And Obama, his message leaving the presidency was essentially telling America, we're not going to be a superpower anymore.
  We're never going to have jobs again.
  Everyone just needs to get used to this.
  This is the end.
  It's all going south.
  And that was the messaging that they were kind of leaving us with, to where if Hillary Clinton would have gotten in, all of this would have been fast-forwarded.
  And so then of course Trump came in, he was able to stall everything, prove that in fact we could regain jobs and pull everything back to the U.S.
  and take some of the power away from China, and, you know, sound the warning bell on everything that was happening with giving them all of our power and control, you know, just because it's cheaper.
  to do business there, but you know, this was all planned.
   This was all in the works, this whole, the whole starting the war with Russia and Ukraine.
   Like, there's a reason why Joe Biden's son, while in the middle of the coup, is happening in 2015,
  Hunter and then a few other people.
  I don't want to say Nancy Pelosi.
  It's her family.
  Mitt Romney's son.
  Experts in oil and gas and so now they're over in Ukraine.
  What?
  Huh?
  I'm sorry.
  How did that happen?
  They started the fight with Russia.
  I wish Putin would have invaded because I guess they'd move troops against the Russian border but then they wouldn't have any claims in this war.
  But it doesn't matter.
  Russia's committed now.
  Well, yeah, I mean, if you're constantly saying, don't worry, we're not going to move closer to you and we're not going to set up bases all around your border.
  We won't do it.
  But in fact, we actually are.
  You know, it's like.
  Who's lying, you know?
  And watch who's lying, who's provoking, who's prodding, and then going, oh gosh, I don't know why he got so upset.
  Now I gotta send some tanks over there.
  Now we just have to start World War III.
  It's like when someone's, I'm not touching you, and they're, you know, they're just poking at you.
  Well that's my next question when we come back and take more calls is, you have Biden 10 months ago saying we can't send armored vehicles, we can't send tanks, that's World War III, and now he's like we're sending tanks.
  What changed with Biden and Henry Kissinger in the last few months, where there's suddenly war, war, war, let's get it going.
  Leigh Ann McAdoo is our guest, more phone calls straight ahead, InfoWars.com.
  Tomorrow's news today, we'll give you Leigh Ann's Twitter account when we come back.
  Leanne McAdoo, one of my old good friends, InfoWars reporter many years ago, back with us.
  She's on The War Room at 3 p.m.
  Central, the fourth hour.
  She's coming up with a great guest host.
  I want to jam in some more calls.
  Before we go to these calls, Leanne, what else is on your radar?
  Well, you know, you just asked me before the break about Twitter and social media and everything, which I have completely tapped out of for the time being.
  I feel like it's really evil.
  So your Twitter's dormant?
  Yeah.
  Well, maybe you'll tell folks conspiracyfact.info that you're going to go live on air with Owen and that's linked in on censor.
  Yeah.
  And you know what?
  Honestly, I don't even know if people can see my tweets anymore.
  After they took you off and banned everyone, they also stopped my account.
  But I think I had already gone to Florida then, so they couldn't really tell if I was still working here.
  So they stopped me from being able to... They took 100,000 followers away and they've... On all my accounts, even though I get new followers, it never shows.
  It just stays right there.
  And so I don't know if people can see my tweets.
  And for me, I'm just like...
  I don't want any part of that.
  I'm not gonna... No, no, I agree with you, but it's a paradox.
  Even though they're censoring, I get it.
  Still, whoever you can reach, use it, because they hate it.
  Yes, yeah, and I agree, and I will, but I just, I feel like energetically... Maybe you should file with Elon and say, hey, take the shadow ban off.
  Yeah, yeah.
  What is your view of Elon?
  Apparently Elon is setting up base in Sarasota.
  So, you know, I might see him.
  Who knows?
  He's like opening up a Tesla thing and, you know, down the street apparently he has a big huge house on the island where my mom lives.
  So, you know.
  Funny, everybody's moving there.
  I know, and I love it.
  It's weird.
  I love it, but I also am like... I go down there and hang out with a certain talk show host that's well known on Fox News.
  He lives right around there.
  Just please, please, if you do come and visit, please don't litter.
  Please take your trash off the beach.
  My God.
  I don't know how people can go to such gorgeous nature and then leave their trash.
  I think the West Coast of Florida is way better than the East Coast.
  Absolutely.
  It is.
  And I hate it that people have finally figured that out.
  I liked it better when they thought everyone was just like crazy meth heads that like eat people.
  You know, remember that zombie virus?
  No, I get more love than anywhere in Florida.
  Oh, I feel so safe.
  You know, you can actually ride around with a Trump sticker on your car.
  No one's going to bash your windows in.
  You know, it's a beautiful, beautiful place.
   A lot of conscious people, but it's also You know, it's always been kind of a place where very powerful people, you know, it has ties to 9-11.
  I mean, that's where George W. Bush was on 9-11, reading his little book upside down to the kids.
  So, you know, it's one of those places.
  The little goat story?
  Where it's magical and it's also, you know, there's also some other things.
  Some other energy going on there.
  Let's go to, I don't want to say this name wrong.
  Obadiah.
  Obadiah in Vegas.
  You're on the air with Leanne Magidow.
  Yes.
  First of all, I want to get clear that this is my own theory, but I haven't caught COVID-19, but I stay up on my iron.
  I think that COVID-19 is not a respiratory illness.
  I think it's targeting people's iron deficiency, because most people are deficient in iron, which is responsible for transporting all the minerals throughout the body and oxygen via the blood.
  So it would mimic a respiratory illness.
  And the two herbals that I take on a daily basis are in that Dr. McCullers, that Vanderwaters or whatever.
  He said his best-selling supplement that was helping people the most is Irish moss and dandelion.
  Both of those are super high in iron phosphate.
   But I wanted to also say that they're in March 18th of 2014 in the Times of Israel, they had a article that says, leaked report, Israel acknowledges Jews, in fact, Cesar's secret plan for reverse migration to Ukraine.
  And until the debacle happened with the Russia-Ukraine nonsense, the editor's note wasn't pinned up there until then.
  So for eight years, it wasn't there.
  Well, for those who don't know, Stalin had a plan to relocate Jews to a homeland of Siberia.
  They also looked at Ukraine, but they decided on Israel at the end of World War II.
  So that's mainline history, what you're talking about.
  But what's the point of that?
  Well, do you think that's possibly why?
  What's going on?
  I mean, Zelensky says that he wants Ukraine to be bigger Israel.
   And in September 18th of 2012, Henry Kissinger said that there would be, in 10 years, there would be no more Israel.
  I don't know, we'll have to look at it.
  Thanks for the call.
  Let's talk to Simon in Florida, the great free state, where Leanne hails from.
  Go ahead, Simon.
  Hey, thanks for taking my call.
  I wanted to talk to you about this article, MIT article from 2013, Controlling Genes with Light.
   The basics of the article, you read down through it, it says that they figured out how to Cause a protein to release mRNA that could turn off any of your genes just by using light.
  Now we know, you know, LEDs are used everywhere.
  Your TV, your phone, your computer, street lights.
  And what's also concerning about that is the recumbent DNA that's in there.
  Because, you know, Revelation 9-6 talks about how man will pray to die and death will flee from them.
  We see a lot of predictive programming with zombie TV shows and movies.
  I just wanted to see what you thought about that.
   I mean I know that they, 15 years ago, said they were practicing with LED lights that
   could interface with your computers, you don't even know that it's happening.
  So yeah, lights are huge things.
   When we get up in the morning, we go to sleep at night, even if you're in a blacked out
  room, you wake up when the sun comes up.
  Right.
   All sorts of laser technologies and things that we can't even see the light spectrum.
  We only see just a small part of the light spectrum, but there's all of these different layers of it that are, you know, devices, microwaves and lasers and weaponry and things we don't even know.
  So we don't even know what's out there.
  There was actually just a study that they were healing brain cancers using sound frequency.
  So now there's, you know, they can get in there with a laser and like do a super high-pitched noise.
  And so, on the one hand, you can look at it like it's scary, because they are actually learning about a lot of technology.
  But on the other, there is this potential for really wonderful things to happen.
  Well, I agree.
  That's what they want, total control now.
  They want to keep the good stuff for themselves.
  Yeah.
  Now that we unlocked the secrets of the universe.
  Anything else, Simon?
  Yeah, the graphene.
  The graphene in the vaccines, now it's known, you can look up, there's plenty of articles that talk about how it's going to be the next new semiconductor.
  And it's going to be controlled by, get this, not 5G, 6G.
  No, I've seen the articles and you've got people that take the Pfizer and Moderna shots, literally picks up the magnets and all that.
  That's really going on.
  It's all a giant medical experiment.
  We're all guinea pigs.
  Did you see Benjamin Netanyahu?
  I know you were dialed out.
  I admire the fact that you were dialed out of it.
  He said a month ago on Jordan Peterson, he said, oh yeah, Israel's all guinea pigs now.
  We're just going to test drugs on them.
  Yeah, well that's why they were so excited about having such a mass amount of people who were going to take this test vaccine because it gave them, you know, a larger kind of a case study.
  And we, everyone that signed up for it, my sister had to sign like a 40 page document saying that she knew that this was an experimental and if anything happens nobody could be sued and you know.
  That's because she's a nurse.
  Mm-hmm.
  And she, you know, she oversees a lot of nurses, and so she kind of took one for the team, so to speak, because she can't very well be like, well, it's safe and effective.
  You guys take it.
  Not me.
  Did anything happen to her?
  No, thank God, but she didn't get any of the boosters.
  We know the secret.
  Above 87 degrees, it goes bad.
  It's a lot of the good nurses.
  They don't just give people a saline shot at someone they've been arrested for that deserve medals.
  They just go, oh, we're going to leave it out here for a couple days and let it get up to above 80 degrees.
  Well, and I also think, you know, don't quote me on this, but my sister, she went to school with one of the places where they were actually working on a vaccine and they had been working and it's not the one with the mRNA.
  So she got the different version.
   She got a J and J. And it was through a facility that she actually had, you know, she knew the people Sure, different, absolutely.
  We're not saying vaccines aren't real technology either.
  It came out in the news like 20 years ago that the powerful elite get quote, clean vaccines.
  Thank you, Simon.
  Leigh-Anne, let's do five more minutes, then you get a break for an hour and you're on with Owen Schroyer.
  3 p.m.
  Central.
  Leigh-Anne, you've got to come back and see us more often.
  I know, this is fun.
  I'm glad to be back.
  What brings you to Texas?
  Family.
  Family, and also, you know, I'm wanting to speak to some people.
  You guys are my friends, and so I do have a lot of ideas and projects in the works, and this is where it's kind of, this is where all the energy is.
  Well, I'm going to start a podcast soon, again, and so you've got a degree in hypnotism now, so I'm going to let you hypnotize me.
  Yes, and I want to.
  I'm just, I am not a stage hypnotist, so it's not for fun, you know.
  I probably can make you bark like a puppy though because you are trans animal and you did come out as trans animal many years ago so there is a part of you that... They recycled that like eight-year-old video like it was serious like, Jones has gone insane, he thinks he's a dog.
  See?
  Look, I didn't even have to use my... I'm ready.
  I'm gonna let you hypnotize me.
  Anyways.
  Now there you are, Leanne.
  Oh my goodness.
  Alright, hour number four, guest host coming up.
  A few more phone calls.
  Hello everybody.
  It's so exciting to have Leanne Magidou back, an original member of the InfoWars team.
  You look younger after all these years.
  Hey, a little Florida sunshine and stress-free living.
  Sounds good to me.
  Watch out.
  All right, we'll be right back.
  Stay with us.
  We're talking about a light subject, a final segment with Leanne McAdoo here on this live Thursday, January 26th, worldwide broadcast.
  The great Paul Joseph Watson from her Britannic Majesties, England, will be taking over in T-minus six minutes.
  Leanne will be back in an hour with the War Room with the great Owen Schroyer.
  Right now we're jamming in a few final calls.
  Matt in Colorado, you're on the air.
  Yeah, what an honor to be on your show, Alex.
  I want to thank you for all you've done.
  You woke me up.
  I've been listening to your show for 10 years, supporter of the store, donations, but I'm not calling for that.
  I'm calling to talk about World War III and the fact that they're actually not trying to start World War III.
   They're trying to destroy God's people because they've been caught red-handed with their hands in the cookie jar in our food, our medicine, Everything, every institution is corrupted so they know we woke up and the sleeping giant awoke and they're so scared of honesty and truth and rather than apologizing and doing what's right, they're going to continue to push this agenda because they have no other choice.
  No, I agree.
  When their agenda fails, they take you to war.
  Leigh-Anne, you want to comment on that?
  Yeah, and they're absolutely psychopathic.
  But the thing is, is imagine how afraid and aware they must be of the power of humanity that they would go to such limits or ends like the whole COVID thing and basically shutting down the entire planet.
   Like that was the measure they had to take in order to stop the forward motion of we
   the people who were finally waking up and regaining our power.
  And it really is inside all of us.
   But that's where it's at is like regaining our sense of our own strength and power.
  And once we turn that on, there's no turning back.
   And they want us to feel disempowered, but it's the opposite.
  Right.
  Matt, I appreciate your love, brother.
  We love you too.
  Anything else?
  Just that I didn't take the vaccine.
  My family didn't take the vaccine.
  I wanted to just discuss that real quick.
  The bioluminescent oxidative enzyme called luciferase, the fact of the matter is we didn't all do the buffalo jump with them.
  That was a beta test.
  It was the first shot fired.
  So they've already committed to what they're going to do.
  Now it's just up to us to repent, get close to God, keep listening to Alex Jones and InfoWars, support the store.
  I'm telling you, I've got your water filter, your storable food.
  I love you guys.
  And God bless you and Leanne and your whole entire crew.
  And thank you for taking my call.
  Thank you, man.
  Amazing.
  We love you, too.
  Jim and Arizona, you're on the air.
  Hey, how you doing?
  Hey Jim, how you doing?
  The dogs are having some fun here.
  Are we on World War III still?
  Yes, we're live on air right now.
  Oh no, we're still on World War III?
  Discussion on that?
  Yes.
  Good.
  I was a forward observer for a heavy mortar platoon.
  I was in West Germany with the 1st Armored Division back in 1975-1978.
  And it was discovered that a staff sergeant at division-level military intelligence was selling our battle plans to the Russians.
  This is 1977.
  And NATO went nuts.
  Our tanks and the battalions were given full combat loads, and our mortar platoon was taken offline for two months, and we were trained by the combat engineers in security and deployment of Satoms and Matoms, small and medium atomic demolitions.
  And on a military grid map, a grid square is a thousand meters by a thousand meters, and a saturn would take out two and a half grid squares, and a madden would take out five grid squares.
  The key word is atomic, not nuclear.
  They were considered part of our conventional armament at the time, and I'm sure we probably still have them in the arsenal now.
   It seems like what we did at the time, I think the Russians are much more likely to go with chemical warfare before they did anything.
  Hey do this Jim, Paul Watson is about to take over.
  But can we get your name and number?
   Can you come back on? This is really interesting about tackling nuclear weapons.
  On the show tomorrow, we'll call you at 11.30.
  Because I really want to hear what you have to say.
  Okay.
  Get his name and number.
  I want to get him on, because he knows what he's talking about.
  This is going to be a whole tactical nuke war, chemical war.
  The whole thing's going downhill quick.
  Thank you so much.
  Paul Joseph Watson takes over.
  Lianne McAdoo, great to have you back at InfoWars.
  Thank you for having me.
  I'm happy to be here.
  Wow.
  What are you going to cover on Owen's show?
  We will see.
  I know Owen has got a full show.
  I saw him with a stack of papers.
  He wants you on.
  I'm along for the ride.
  Alright, Leanne McAdoo in one hour after Paul Joseph Watson from the Queen's Palace.
  He is literally in the palace right now.
  We'll be right back.
   In the year 2000, Alex Jones' film Dark Secrets Inside Bohemian Grove showed the world how
   our so-called elite leaders practice mock ritual sacrifices in private.
  In 2007, Alex Jones releases Endgame, exposing the world elite's plans for covertly using biological weapons against all of mankind.
  And by the time they launched their attack in 2020, Alex Jones' InfoWars and our audience were there to warn the people of the deadly vaccines that we knew were coming.
  This is why they attack us.
  This is why we need your support.
  Because we tell the truth.
  Alex Jones was right.
  Join the resistance.
  Buy products.
  Donate to the cause.
  Share the links.
  Join us in the fight for freedom.
  and help us defeat the new world order.
   We are live, it is the Summit News Hour and we've got a ton of news stories to cover over the
   course of the next 60 minutes including what's happened in the aftermath of that big
   Pfizer revelation where you had one of the research executives at Pfizer caught on video
  undercover sting project Veritas.
  Cackling demonically about how they're mutating the virus to create the necessity for more vaccines.
  Of course the FDA coming out yesterday and indicating that they will create the necessity at least, maybe even the mandate if they get the right kind of variant out there.
  For annual autumn boosters for the American population.
  And well, who's going to create those boosters?
  Mainly, Pfizer.
  And they're creating new viruses, apparently, new mutations to create greaseless kids for that necessity.
  So we'll get into that because it seems like certain news outlets have started to delete their reporting.
  Perhaps getting word from Pfizer itself, as we shall see.
   First though, I want to go to this video because it kind of Explains the story, and then there's been numerous updates to this story after, which I'm going to get into.
  Basically, in Scotland, a man was convicted.
  A man, a biological male, with a Mike Tyson tattoo on his face, who later identified as transgender.
  Of course, nothing says feminine more than getting a Mike Tyson tattoo on your face.
  Conveniently for him, he identified as transgender when he was on trial for raping two women.
  And this video gets into it.
  Big backlash to this today, which I'm going to get into.
  First, let's explain the controversy, though, which is our first video today.
  It's called You'll Barely Believe This.
   let's roll it me adam graham
  Mr. Graham was convicted of raping two women in 2016 and 2019.
  One of his victims said, quote, Total insanity, right?
  That'd be like sending a convicted nonce to do a motivational talk at a primary school.
  Well, you don't have to imagine it, because it's actually happening.
   and the authorities decided to send this convicted male rapist to a female prison full of women.
  Total insanity, right?
   That'd be like sending a convicted nonce to do a motivational talk at a primary school.
   Well, you don't have to imagine it, 'cause it's actually happening.
  All thanks to Transmania.
  You see, Mr. Graham now identifies as Isla Bryson.
  And so is, in the eyes of the legal system, now a woman.
  According to Bryson, and let's not disrespect the pronouns of a convicted criminal lest they ban this video, she, she, said she felt she was transgender since the age of four.
   But just by coincidence, only decided to identify as a woman, After being caught violently raping two women with her penis.
  Despite this, the authorities, in their infinite wisdom of ensuring that the alphabet people don't get offended, still decided to send Isla to HMP Cornton Vale, a women's prison in Stirling.
  This all happened in Scotland, where the government just tried to pass a bill enabling children as young as 15 to be in the process of legally changing their gender.
  Under the law, they would only have to live as their new gender for six months.
  And then can legally apply to have it changed on their 16th birthday, Transmania.
  Several years ago, I came out as pansexual and a trans man.
  It gets better.
  My mum convinced me not to share my transition with my child, and I didn't.
  I kept it quiet because they were young.
  A few years ago, he came out as a trans boy!
  Wow, who could have seen that coming?
  The bill was so deranged, even the cucked Conservative government in Westminster blocked it.
  Although Nicola Sturgeon has vowed to have that overturned in court.
  But it gets worse.
  A few rational people remaining in the Scottish Parliament tried to add an amendment to the bill that would have made it harder for sex offenders to fraudulently apply to change their legal gender.
  In order to avoid helping out convicted rapists like Adam Graham.
  And to prevent the legislation from being exploited by male predators to gain access to female spaces.
  But members of the Scottish Parliament, wait for it!
  Voted it down.
  Yes, because apparently it's more important for people like Adam Graham, I mean, sorry, Isla Bryson, to be able to claim and have it legally recognised after 30 years of being a man that they're now a woman than it is to not send convicted male rapists to female prisons full of women.
   LGBT activists who supported the legislation said attempts to stop convicted sex offenders from being able to change their gender We're transphobic!
   The fact that sending a convicted rapist to a women's jail would be even considered shows
   how mad this has all become, said Susan Smith, a director with the For Women Scotland campaign
  group.
  Okay, transphobic.
   Note how the LGBT activists are not saying, "No, these convicted criminals are just exploiting
  transgender identity to get more lenient treatment."
  This has nothing to do with us.
  Don't conflate the two.
  They're not saying that.
  The LGBT activists are defending the right of the convicted criminal sex offenders to identify as transgender.
  Bryson told the court that she expects the taxpayer to foot the bill for transgender surgery on the NHS.
  She also revealed how, as a young child, she was, quote, Obviously, Isla was a girly girl from an early age.
   I mean, what kind of female princess doesn't one day dream of Get in a Mike Tyson face tattoo.
  Similar cases to that of Mr. Graham.
  With convicted rapists claiming to be transgender to avoid being properly punished abound.
   And yet the trans lobby continues to insist that their rights be protected.
  Well there you have it.
  That was the situation as of yesterday with this case.
  And again, as I mentioned in the video, the Scottish Government has been vehemently lobbying for this gender identity law.
  It was blocked.
  It was even blocked in Westminster by Rishi Sunak, the British Prime Minister.
  So that's all going on in the background.
  The LGBT activists actually lobbied for the protection of sex offenders convicted of rape to be able to transition or announce they've transitioned to be able to avoid a male prison.
  Now of course they're doing that purely out of self-interest and this individual has become the center of this controversy now.
  That was yesterday.
  Massive backlash built up overnight and then this morning we had this headline on summit.news and it changed very quickly after that.
  Scottish Government refuses to remove convicted trans rapists from women's prison because, again, it made a complete mockery of this gender identity law which they're trying to pass.
   So they actually stood by, the Scottish Government and the MPs in Parliament, stood by sending this trans rapist, this biological male rapist, to what is by the way The only all-female prison in Scotland in the entire country.
  So they've only got one, and he was sent to that prison.
  Because they couldn't back down, because it would then render their gender identity bill completely ludicrous, which is obviously what it is anyway.
  But again, this is from this morning.
  Despite a massive backlash, the Scottish Government is refusing to remove a transgender rapist from a female prison, despite his conviction for raping two women.
  So they quoted in this ITN article Keith Brown, Scotland's Justice Secretary, who quote, expressed faith in the Scottish Prison Service's decision to place a transgender woman convicted of rape into women before she had transitioned.
  Yeah, identified when he was on trial.
  In a women's prison!
  And then Nicola Sturgeon, the First Minister, the leader of Scotland, basically backed up that decision.
  But it soon changed.
  The pressure was too great that they had to finally back down.
  Daily Mail now reporting transgender double rapist Isla Bryson.
   And of course, All these news outlets, some of which are supposedly right-leaning, conservative, will graciously honour the pronouns of the convicted rapist at every available opportunity.
  Isla Bryson, Adam Graham, a man, will move from women's jail to a male prison within hours as Nicola Sturgeon makes humiliating U-turn, purely because of media pressure, purely because of public pressure, pressure by women's campaign groups.
  They finally had to back down.
  They wouldn't have backed down.
  And now they're trying to present themselves as reasonable.
  The same government that is going to give kids who are now 15 the opportunity once they've lived as a woman, if they were born a man for six months, to legally change their gender identity with no oversight, no medical intervention, no parental intervention.
  They live as a woman for six months and on their 16th birthday they can become a woman no matter what's between their legs.
  When we come back, though, I'm going to talk more about the history of this new transgender icon, Isla Bryson, Adam Graham, and his recent history.
  We're also going to get into the shutting down of a drag queen event in Paris and another one in the UK.
  We'll be back.
  Summit.News.
  Don't go away.
  So despite the insanity of Scotland's gender identity laws, Isla Bryson, real name Adam Graham, a bloke with a penis, who used it to rape two women, will be moved to a male wing of a male prison on Thursday afternoon.
  They were going to try and keep him in this women's prison, as far as I could tell, for another month at least, because it was going to shut down anyway.
  Or at least be suspended, because they're renovating it, I think.
  And the prisoners were going to be moved to another jail.
  So they hoped that the story would have gone away by then.
  But because of the sheer, absolute, relentless public pressure over this one story.
  And bear in mind, these kind of stories happen every week.
  We see them pop up every week.
  They're forgotten about by the next day.
  This one finally got people's attention.
  And now, the individual, the convicted rapist, is being moved to a male prison.
   Of course, claiming He identified as a girl from the age of four.
  That claim has been completely rubbished by his estranged wife.
  Headline again out of the Daily Mail.
  I married the man who became transgender rapist Isla Bryson and think she only became a woman to get an easier time in jail.
  Well, imagine my shock.
   Shona Graham, who married Bryson, So she believes the transition is an act to make a mockery of the justice system.
  Well, it's already a mockery.
  Doesn't really need any help in that regard, does it?
  She said, quote, never once did he say anything to me about feeling he was in the wrong body or anything.
  I have a lot of sympathy for real transgender people.
  It's a hard thing to live with, but he's just bull-essing the authorities.
   Remember, only claimed to be transgender in 2020 after he was caught And on trial about to be found guilty of raping these two women.
  She said his gender transition is a sham for attention and an easier life in prison.
  I saw the photos of him dressed as a woman with a blonde wig and pink lycra leggings.
  I fell out of the bed laughing.
  Yeah, not much effort has been made.
  A bad wig, some leggings and a pink suitcase makes you a woman apparently now.
  I can see why he doesn't want to be in prison with loads of big scary men.
  Yeah, good luck with that.
  So he's come up with this ploy to get himself a much easier sentence.
  Well, that ploy has now unraveled.
  And of course now the Scottish Government gets to pose as if it's all reasonable.
  When they wanted the bill in the first place, it's going to the courts, they're going to struggle over it, to allow basically kids to self-identify with no intervention whatsoever.
   No Prognosis of gender dysphoria, whatever that is at this point.
  I can just say, I'm a woman.
  Give me the documents.
  I'm now a woman.
  I have all the rights of a woman.
  I can enter locker rooms, public toilets, as a woman.
  I'm a woman.
  Because I put on a bad wig, some lycra leggings, and a pink suitcase.
  Let me in the female changing rooms.
  Now there's a quite a common trend emerging here and we see it in this headline out of redux.info.
  Trans-identified male teacher removed from middle school after encouraging 6th graders to follow his TikTok.
  Gee, I wonder why that was?
  A trans-identified male substitute teacher... I don't even know if this is a man or woman.
  I can't even figure it out.
  ...was banned from King Middle School in Portland, Maine.
  Of course it's Portland.
  After sharing his highly sexualized TikTok account intentionally with students.
  So I think this is a biological man identifying as a woman.
  Lydia Le Maire, also known as Chris, wrote his TikTok handle on the whiteboard at the front of the classroom and encouraged students to check it out.
  Now again, this gets to the root of the evil, which is this trans lifestyle, predatory behavior, but also TikTok.
  TikTok is now a haven for these pedos.
  They've had massive investigations into this.
  You've had traffic children who have gone missing and they turn up in TikTok videos.
  TikTok is the central hub for all this demonic perversion and degeneracy.
  And Josh Hawley, in fact, has just introduced a bill to ban TikTok entirely in the United States.
  Don't know how they're going to get it off people's devices.
  Obviously not for that reason, for the reason that China's using it to spy on US citizens.
  It's already banned, of course, in many, if not all, military installations.
  This is why it should be banned, because it's the fulcrum, it's the haven for pervs and nonces to try to exploit kids.
  And this is yet another example of a trans-identified individual trying to get close to kids.
  Substitute teacher then advertises his own perverted TikTok videos on a whiteboard in the classroom with the sixth graders.
  There's a common trend emerging here.
   In the UK, Manslaughter arrest after well-known drag queen, Darren Moore, found dead.
  Now, of course, any death is a tragedy.
  But there's some very crucial details here, which the mainstream media has left out of this report, in fact, entirely.
  So this drag queen was found dead.
  They're already trying to hype it up as some transphobic hate crime, transphobic murder on Twitter.
  The police are not releasing any details yet.
  A man has been arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after a well-known drag queen was found dead in Cardiff city centre.
  Now what they don't tell you about 39-year-old Darren Moore is that he was convicted of raping a 14-year-old boy.
  What they don't tell you about Darren Moore is that he got up on stage and told jokes or made light of the behaviour of serial child abuser Jimmy Savile.
  Interesting that they don't include those details, that he in fact, after he was convicted for raping a 14 year old boy, went and got a job in a school, God knows how he got through the checks, but he did, as a gymnastics teacher.
  He got caught again, trying to get close to kids, to carry out his perversions, and he got another criminal sentence.
  After that, he became a representative for British Airways at a gay pride parade.
  He was also a rep, or at least appeared, at one of RuPaul's DragCon events in the United Kingdom.
  So again, this individual with this criminal record of raping a minor, trying later on to get close to kids, obviously to carry out his perversions once again, he's been found dead.
  They're going to play it up as a transphobic hate crime.
  The reporting on it completely omits those details.
   Now this is interesting because Tate Gallery, partly at least publicly funded art gallery in central London, is having a Drag Queen event on the 11th of February.
   Now this Drag Queen event is being hosted by the founder of Drag Queen Storytime UK, and in fact the video that we played earlier, I get into that in the second half of the video which we didn't play, but this individual is now fundraising to cover funeral costs for This drag queen, who was killed, and is calling him basically a fantastic human being, once again omitting some key details.
  That individual, the founder of Drag Queen Storytime UK, has posted tweets saying, Love has no age.
  Gee, I wonder what that could mean.
  Hmm.
  Posted numerous other tweets in a similar context, and this individual, who again is now fundraising for a convicted paedophile, is being hosted by Tate Gallery, partly taxpayer-funded, for a drag queen event at which they're inviting kids to attend on February the 11th.
  So some very interesting connections, some very interesting patterns going on here.
  In trans world with the whole LGBT movement and I've got one more story on that after the break which we'll get to then we'll talk about the latest on the Pfizer bombshell revelations.
  summit.news will be back.
  Couple more bits on this transmania LGBT institutional takeover.
  Bear in mind that every major Western government corporation and institution has now hooked the knee basically to this movement, turned over every organ of propaganda to amplify its deranged agenda.
  Not only do we have our cities festooned with its flags on one weekend of the year, it's basically now year-round.
  They're now seeping into the architecture of our daily life.
  I posted on Twitter last week.
  Barriers on escalators that are closed.
  The barrier is the LGBT rainbow flag.
  The doors on banks.
  The entire door handle is now covered with a trans flag.
  I walked past a ATM cash machine in the center of town last weekend.
  And an LGBT flag, including the trans non-binary crap and whatever else they've added to it recently, covered about half of the screen.
  So when you go to get your cash out, boom, it's there once again.
  It's everywhere.
  What does an occupying army do once it conquers territory?
  They put up their flag.
  And this is the flag that we're all now supposed to worship.
   But the characters, the stories, the behaviour that it produces, Is completely morally abhorrent.
  And we have another example here.
  Wisconsin parents outraged after finding queer porn in children's school library.
  Parents of children in Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
  I don't know how to say that.
  That's my best effort.
  Sheboygan demanded that the school district remove several books from the libraries there after they discovered the material contained graphic gay pornographic images.
  Hmm, lovely.
  Nice wholesome stuff.
  You really want that in your kid's library, don't you?
  I'm not even going to talk about what it is.
  I don't... They are showing it.
  It's blurred out, but you can see what it is.
  Most interesting about this story, though, is the reaction from the LGBT community.
  There's several people opposed to the decision to remove the books, arguing that the move seems a harmful message to gay, transgender, and non-binary students.
  So tolerate the gay books with the graphic homosexual sex scenes, or you're a transphobic bigot.
  They're not so tolerant in Paris.
  Breitbart reports... Dragtime story hour for kids cancelled by French mayor after backlash.
  It's not actually in Paris.
  If it was in Paris, they'd celebrate it.
  The French mayor has cancelled a Drag Queen Storytime event for children after a backlash and reorientated the event for adults only after a petition against the event garnered around 5,000 signatures.
  That is in Toulouse, which is a fairly big city in France.
  So the backlash in some senses is growing.
  In others though, this cultural conquering continues apace.
   As I mentioned before, Tate Gallery hosting the founder of drag queen story time despite the fact that he's fundraising for a convicted pedophile.
  Let's move on from all that to the Pfizer bombshell video which I'm sure Alex has covered at length earlier on in the show.
   Daily Skeptic reports Pfizer doing gain-of-function research to mutate Covid and make more vaccines says Pfizer executive And of course, you've seen the video by now, this cackling Director of Research and Development demonically laughing as he explains, quote, one of the things we Pfizer are exploring is why don't we just mutate it, COVID, ourselves so we could create, preemptively develop new vaccines.
   What's interesting about this story posted on the Daily Skeptic is that it was cross-posted, or at least they quoted a big section out of a Daily Mail article And when you click on that link to the Daily Mail, the original article is gone!
  And in fact, I made a short video about this earlier today.
  Let's get to it right now.
  It's called, They Buried It.
  Let's roll the clip.
  How is this not the biggest news story in the world today?
  Project Veritas just released an undercover video featuring Jordan Tristan Walker, a Pfizer director of research and development.
  And, well, I'll let Mr. Walker do the explaining himself.
  Pfizer ultimately is thinking about mutating COVID.
  Well, that is not what we say to the public.
  No.
  Don't tell anyone that's going on here.
  We're exploring, like, you know how the virus keeps mutating?
  Yeah.
  Well, one of the things we're exploring is, like, why don't we just mutate ourselves so we can preemptively develop new vaccines, right?
  So we have to do that.
  If we're going to do that, though, there's a risk of, like, as you could imagine, no one wants to be having a pharma company mutating fucking viruses.
   It's like being very controlled to make sure that this virus that you mutate doesn't create something that like,
  you know, goes everywhere.
  It's going crazy.
   I suspect it's the way that the virus started and moved around.
   To be honest, like it makes no sense that this virus just popped out of nowhere.
  Yeah, I know.
  Incredible. Probably the biggest story of the year so far.
  Or it would be if we had an honest media.
  You know, the kind of media that doesn't take billions in advertising from Big Pharma every single year.
  6.6 billion in TV ads alone at the last count.
  As is to be expected, Mr. Walker responded to the release of the video by deleting his LinkedIn account.
  But way more concerning is this.
  Mainstream news outlets that picked up the story are now deleting it too.
   The Daily Mail covered the story and said they had, quote, Well, whatever Pfizer said to them must have made some impression.
  Because when you go to click on the Daily Mail link to the story, poof!
  It's gone.
  It just takes you back to the main page of their website.
  They deleted the story.
  Why?
  There's nothing wrong with it.
  It is what it is.
  Did they get a call?
  Who from?
  The FDA is now proposing Americans be given a new COVID booster vaccine every autumn, every year.
  They want to make it as routine as the annual flu shot.
  After its mRNA vaccine captured 70% of US and European markets, Pfizer's 2021 revenue was double its 2020 revenue.
  That profit included nearly $37 billion in sales solely from the COVID vaccine.
  The big pharma company's profits are expected to have jumped by an order of magnitude again for 2022, with revenue soaring to over $100 billion.
   As Walker himself acknowledges in the Project Veritas clip, "That's nice work if you can get it."
  By the way, it's gonna be a cash cow.
   It'll probably be a cash cow for us for a while going forward.
  Well, yeah. - I obviously like cash.
  And it's very important to keep these numbers up.
  Pfizer needs to continually sell more and more vaccines.
  So I guess we're gonna need more viruses.
  Yeah, where are they coming from?
  You be the judge.
  And now in a completely unrelated story, this just broke about an hour ago, former NFL player Jesse Lemonnier dies suddenly, aged 25.
  Well, I guess that's routine now, it happens almost every day, so... move along, no questions asked.
  Australians were once prosecuted for claiming face masks worked against viruses.
  This, of course, in Australia, the most draconian lockdown country in the world, where they literally choked people in the streets for not wearing face masks.
  They sent up drones to track if people were wearing face masks or not outdoors.
  The government did.
  Of course, they put people in COVID camps.
  Well, Australians who tried to sell surgical face masks on the back of claims they worked against viruses back in the early 2000s, were threatened with prosecution and massive fines by the government.
  This is documented in a Sydney Morning Herald article titled, ''Force Mask''.
  It's only safe for 20 minutes!
  They knew this in 2003.
   There's retailers who cash in on community fears about SARS, Which of course was the big viral outbreak at the time.
  By exaggerating the health benefits of surgical masks could face fines of up to $110,000 Australian dollars.
  And in this article they quote health experts as saying that basically masks don't work, they might work temporarily for 20 minutes, but you'd have to constantly change them multiple times an hour.
   And in fact because they collect moisture, droplets, basically a Petri dish for germs, you're constantly touching it, That they could make the viral spread even worse.
  That was acknowledged back in 2003.
  Of course, it was also acknowledged that face masks didn't work right at the start of the Covid outbreak.
  Anthony Fauci was exchanging emails with numerous people stating that very fact, but suddenly they worked and they became a symbol of population control.
   And of course, in many countries, including Germany, they still have face mask mandates And the face covering has largely become a symbolic religious piece of iconography for the demented left.
  Final segment coming up, Summit.News.
  We'll be back.
  Now I'm going to get to the news stories over the past couple of days about the wondrous benefits of cultural enrichment which continues to infect Europe with its bountiful joys.
   But first we're going to go to this video because Japan has been lambasted Scorned, demonized, monstered by the legacy media for not embracing mass migration.
  And boy, we wonder why.
  Let's go to this clip.
  It's called No Thank You.
  The BBC has published an article lambasting Japan for not copying other first world countries by importing millions of migrants from the third world.
  Japan was the future, but it's stuck in the past.
  They blast the Japanese for refusing immigration and maintaining the patriarchy, for maintaining strict border controls, for demanding incomers integrate with their way of life, for rejecting immigration as a solution to falling fertility.
  For only about 3% of Japan's population being foreign-born compared to 15% in the UK.
  Much of the rest of the article laments the horror of Japan having low affordable property prices.
  Oh no, how awful!
  How dare the Japanese not have to wait until they're almost middle-aged before they can afford to scrape together the deposit to buy a house or a giant mortgage.
  What's funny about this article is that the reasons why Japan rejected mass immigration are explicitly spelled out in the article itself.
  It's a peaceful problem.
  Japan is a prosperous country with the longest life expectancy in the world, the lowest murder rate, little political conflict.
  It's a beautiful place.
  Japan still feels like Japan.
  Well, there's your answer.
  That'll be why then, won't it?
  The Japanese may struggle with real wage growth, but Japan is still the world's third largest economy.
  And Japan may have sacrificed a small amount of its GDP to maintain its soul and identity as a country.
   But would the majority of the population in any major Western country swap Yeah, of course they would, in a heartbeat.
  I mean, ask the French.
  In the name of keeping up GDP numbers, they've vastly accelerated the importation of migrants.
  Was it worth it?
  You be the judge.
  
   Official crime data shows 48% of all crimes in Paris were committed by foreigners.
  Entire suburbs have been completely taken over by migrant crime gangs.
  Police, firefighters, ambulance workers refuse to even enter these areas.
  Migrant youths routinely stage riots.
  Violent crime and terror attacks are a common occurrence.
  Not the kind of problems you'll encounter in Tokyo or Osaka.
  Yeah, try telling the Japanese diversity is a strength.
  Er, no thanks, you can keep it.
  So let's see how diversity cultural enrichment has been unfolding in Europe over the past few days and why Japan might not be so bigoted to reject it.
  Of course, it's just broke in the past hour that we have this bombing attempt outside a hospital in Leeds, a city in northern England.
  The perpetrator has been identified as Mohammed Farouk, an old British name.
  In Spain, Remix News reports one dead, several injured in Spanish church machete massacre.
  Of course we've had numerous church attacks in France.
  Priests being beheaded.
  Well now at least one person has died and several others were injured following a machete attack at two Spanish churches on Wednesday evening.
  The priest was attacked and sustained serious injuries to his neck.
  Looks like they were trying to behead him once again.
  Local police confirmed the arrest of a Moroccan national in his thirties.
  The case is being treated as a terrorist incident.
  Meanwhile in Germany... Knife man who killed two injured several on German train is Syrian migrant.
  Several deaths and further injuries were reported on a German regional railway service allegedly at the hand of a Syrian migrant.
  Local media claimed on Wednesday afternoon two people are known dead, several people injured after the stabbing attack.
  On a train travelling between Hamburg and Kiel.
  Meanwhile in Paris, churches targeted by arson attacks three times within days.
  Two churches in the city of Paris have been subjected to arson attacks over the period of several days.
  The police have yet to arrest any suspect linked to the fires.
  Of course, basically for the past ten years we've had a spate of church attacks.
  We had the burning down of the Notre Dame Cathedral, which wasn't suspicious at all of course.
  Berlin has 10 times more crime than Warsaw.
  Gee, I wonder what the difference is between those two cities.
  Says Polish consul in Berlin while issuing new travel warning to tourists.
  Meanwhile, ethnic Germans are dying out and migrants will inherit Germany, claims Iranian writer in one of Germany's biggest newspapers.
  This is an individual who was reacting to the riots on New Year's Eve in numerous German cities by gangs of migrant youths.
  Foreign origin, of course, the culprits.
  The German-Iranian author of this article, published by the German media, says they're fuelled by historical racism.
  Yes, throwing fireworks in people's faces, throwing hand grenades at people, burning cars in massive numbers across cities, that's because of your racism.
   He asserts that regardless of what Germans think about the riots, Migrants are not only going to stay in the country, but will eventually inherit Germany from ethnic Germans who are dying off.
  That's why they call it re-colonization or reverse colonization.
  Meanwhile, nearly 400 illegals land on British beaches as government's Rwanda scheme is delayed again.
  Saw a video earlier today of a migrant in a hotel.
  Again, they're being put up in four or five-star hotels, being given food, being given free health care when the NHS is basically on its knees, free cash.
  Meanwhile, our own pensioners are dying because they can't afford to heat their own homes.
  In this video this migrant basically had a fit and complained because he didn't get his breakfast on time.
  So that's just a snapshot of cultural enrichment as it applies in Europe today.
  Now do you kind of realize why Japan has shied away from it?
  Let's go to this next video now.
  This is again one of the absolutely ludicrous developments that we've had in terms of woke nonsense in the UK over the past week.
  This is called Black Boy Lane.
  Let's roll it.
  Well, in case you missed it, they just solved racism in the UK.
  You see, this road in London was called Black Boy Lane, and that was racist.
  Nobody really knew why it was racist, it just kind of felt racist.
  And after the Black Lives Matter riots, local authorities decided it had to go.
  Despite the vast majority of the residents of Black Boy Lane opposing the change.
  Including 100% of the black residents of Black Boy Lane.
  Lucky for them, Sadiq Khan and Haringey Council were fully prepared to be offended on their behalf.
  So the sign was changed.
  At a cost to the taxpayer of £186,000.
  Yes.
  £186,000.
  £50,000 was spent on a support and administration officer to help the residents who were affected.
  £50,000 on what?
  Therapy?
  Still, it was all a small price to end racism, right?
  Oh yeah, I almost forgot.
  The sign still has Black Boy Lane written on it, and several residents of Black Boy Lane, including presumably the black residents who opposed the change, have all put up signs outside their houses that say Black Boy Lane, and now the new name on the sign has been graffitied over, probably by one of the black residents of Black Boy Lane, but I'm sure they'll claim that's racist too.
  All in all, a stunning victory for anti-racism, I'm sure you'll agree.
  Let's hit some final news stories now in the final couple of minutes.
  U.S.
  weapons manufacturers enjoy soaring profits thanks to the current thing, the war in Ukraine.
  State Department records show U.S.
   US weapon sales to other countries rose from 103 billion in 2021, that wasn't enough, to
   153 billion in 2022 and of course that's going to rise continually. Lockheed Martin, Northrop
  Grumman, Raytheon, among those financially benefiting.
  And then we have this today.
  Top US arms maker ready to provide Kiev with F-16s.
  This is Lockheed Martin basically saying we can provide all the F-16s you need to Germany, Poland, whoever it is, to continue to prolong this war.
  German foreign minister declares war on Russia.
   Then we have this, which is also related to the current thing The government in the UK in pursuit of net zero climate change alarmism is paying people not to use electricity.
  National Grid made energy requests to Europe to help to avert blackouts across the southeast of England after network fault.
  So this is our lifestyle, the reduction of our living standards that's increasingly going to be felt.
  With the race towards net zero, they call it net zero because that's what your bank account looks like at the end of it, after all your carbon credits have been used up.
  And in this article they brazenly admit, it says, quote, one million homes and businesses have rushed to sign up to a scheme that pays them to turn off washing machines, ovens, dishwashers and even the lights.
  Craig Dyke, who leads the operation, has refused to rule out using the world-leading scheme every winter, saying it will drive forward towards net zero.
  Asked if it could become a feature of British life each winter, Mr Dyke told the BBC, it's something we strongly believe in.
  This is the start of something much, much bigger.
  So they want you in the cold, they want you in the dark, and they want you literally powerless.
  The government paying people not to use electricity in pursuit of this net zero climate change madness, and they brazenly admit it all in the article.
  On the same day that it was revealed that a pensioner has died in his own home because he couldn't afford to pay soaring heating bills.
  Gonna wrap it up.
  Warham is next.
  Summit.News.
  Don't go away.
  
   They realized that the shots were causing the explosion of chronic disease, asthma,
   neuroimmune diseases like psychosis, ADHD, autism, cancer, cancer, cancer, autoimmune diseases.
  So they realized in 2011, they caused it all.
  So, or in 2009, and when our paper came out, they realized that these were the shots were associated strongly, very strongly.
  The chance of them not being associated, it was like being struck by lightning.
  One in at least a million in a p-value and so they covered this all up because of course they were liable now because for the 42 million Americans who are asymptomatic carriers of HIV and SARS-CoV-2 and other XMRVs, other manufactured mouse, monkey and human viruses.
  The game was premeditated murder of the 42 million people you're liable for their injury.
  Premeditated murder.
  If you give somebody who already has an antibody a shot, you will get antibody-dependent enhancement.
  Oh, so they were getting rid of the people they'd already poisoned knowing that giving them a second or third or fourth dose would kill them.
  Wow.
  Correct.
  Kill us.
  Cremate us.
  Add a mask, add a mask and isolation and you'll blame the people for COPD or any of the other co-diseases.
  You never inject an HIV positive person with any vaccine.
  We never did.
  Never until now.
  You do not drive the disease causing entity through their body.
  All over the world, the people that have had the COVID vaccine are testing positive for HIV.
  Is that because the spike protein's from HIV?
  It has GP120, glycoprotein 120, absolutely.
  It also has the monkey, mouse, and manufactured XMRV.
  So the spike protein is killing, you know, literally the 12% of the head.
  So you're saying it's a binary weapon where they already are preloaded with it and this triggers the next phase?
  Correct.
  And the more vaccines you got, especially Gardasil, because that has the toxic synthetic lipid nanoparticles similar to the one in the COVID shot.
  Prior to the COVID shot, the deadliest vaccine, we saw athletes dropping dead on the field, passing out, falling down, all the things.
  Why is it particularly the athletes?
  Um, because they operate at oxygen max, um, capacity max.
  They're, they're operating at such a high level in their mitochondria.
  This is an energy production, oxygen, um, necessary disease.
  So they create, that's what they're finding.
  They turbocharge the blood clots.
  Correct.
  Wow.
  And ischemia, lack of oxygen.
  So constricted blood vessels too, because athletes are running, they're constricted, they're working so that the blood flows and it doesn't flow, which is why your nitric oxide product, that new product, I hope you'll show it because that's a very important thing to have for acute events.
  It dissolves under the tongue, gives you an instant relaxing of your endothelium, your vasculature.
  You looked at our nitric oxide.
  I saw it was the top rated, they let us private label it.
  It's the best seller.
  You've looked at our formula.
  You like it?
  I did and I do.
  Yes.
  I'm not a scientist like you.
  What do these compounds do creating nitric oxide?
  What does it do?
  It relaxes the vasculature.
  So the clot will go through and not restrict.
  It allows it to relax.
  It lowers the blood pressure.