While other networks lie to you about what's happening now, InfoWars tells you the truth about what's happening next.
  Visit InfoWars.com forward slash show and support the InfoWars.
  InfoWars, tomorrow's news today.
  Ladies and gentlemen, we are 49 days, 14 hours, 59 minutes, 23 seconds out from the most important election in world history.
  I am your host, Alex Jones.
  We are 125 days, 23 hours, 59 minutes, 14 seconds from his inauguration.
  The real time we've got here, they're going to try to kill Trump with everything they've got and start wars, cyber attacks, we've got it all pre-planned, pre-programmed.
  Is not the 49 days, it is the date until Trump gets into office.
  Thank you for joining us on this Monday, September 16th, 2024 broadcast.
  I am your host, Alex Jones.
  You will get the most powerful, accurate intel on what's happening and unfolding here in the battle to restore our republic and stop World War III.
  Then you will get anywhere else.
  Jack Posobiec, who's got major breaking news and private investigators on the ground.
  I know the investigators well in Pennsylvania and now in Florida, will be joining us coming up in 30 minutes at the bottom of the hour with major breaking news.
  Now, we now know that Ryan Wesley Roth, despite the corporate press trying to lie, has hated Trump
  He has called for assassinations, wants nuclear war because he believes humanity needs to be purged.
  He is a complete and total leftist psychotic with heavy connections to the CIA.
  He was not just in the operations for the U.S.
  Foreign Legion in Ukraine the last two and a half years, living there over a year.
  He came back to recruit and was directed by organizations directly under the control of the CIA to recruit
  Here in the United States to send troops over there.
  He also worked with the Azov battalion.
  He bragged about it.
  They've expunged his Facebook, Instagram, the, I guess, government request.
  We don't know yet, but Elon left stuff about six hours, then they took it down off X. We have copies of it all.
  We have a whole bunch of videos of him speaking.
  I mean, this guy is a classic out of his mind.
  Leftist Froot Loop.
  He also was convicted of a weapon of mass destruction, but given probation, pointing towards he's been a Fed for a very, very long time, since the early 2000s.
  And we have the Feds running the investigation as usual.
  Myself and Eric Prince and others have said we need Governor DeSantis to come in immediately and conduct their own investigation.
  They have that right at the state level.
  The Feds have to ask permission.
  It is all coming up today, a massive, massive, massive broadcast for you.
  You can also pick up the live feeds and share them.
  We're getting tens of millions of views, 40 million on Friday covering World War III developments and over 10 million views for the show yesterday.
  Just on X alone.
  So congratulations to all the viewers and listeners for spreading the word.
  And Elon Musk letting me out of the cage.
  The Titans have been released.
  And you are the Titan.
  I am just your co-pilot here.
  So keep sharing the live links from Real Alex Jones, Infowars.com, Ford's last show, and Bandai Video.
  Massive transmission.
  So much intel.
  All straight ahead.
  If you want tomorrow's news today, you are going to get it here.
  And remember, we can't fund this operation without your help.
  So please support.
  We make it easy.
  This bad boy is the number one seller at thealexshownstore.com.
  Rebellion to tyrants is obedience to God.
  Folks love it.
  I love it.
  I love wearing this out in public and it also lets the globals to let us know we are standing up against them and we know who they serve and we know who we serve.
  The black rock globalist controlled left, from academia to the media, is obsessed with bullying you into silence because their ideas are illegal and unpopular.
  And if you simply speak up, it's game over.
  So stop thinking it's just Alex Jones or Tucker Carlson or Donald Trump's gonna save the world.
  It's all of us together.
  And wearing t-shirts in public that promote freedom is key.
  It doesn't just show our enemies we're awake.
  Other people see it and realize how powerful it is.
  It's Monday, September 16th, 2024.
  Let me read you the live show headline up on InfoWars.com.
  Monday Bombshell Broadcast.
  Secret Service and the FBI confirms Trump's Sunday golf game was a snap decision, indicating the CIA-connected anti-Trump would-be assassin had inside help.
  Jack Posobiec has got some of the best sources out there.
  He's joining us coming up in about 26 minutes from now.
  We are 125 days, 23 hours, 53 minutes, 16 seconds until the Trump inauguration.
  As I've been saying before they even tried to kill Trump two plus months ago in Butler, Pennsylvania, he is way ahead.
  The real numbers are landslide, but they've got 10% fraud baked in.
  He's 15 points ahead on average in the battlegrounds, 20 plus points nationwide.
  They know he's set to win and people just go out and vote.
  We haven't rolled back all of the election fraud, but I'd say about 50% of the election fraud has been rolled out with other big Supreme Court wins in multiple states like Pennsylvania and others, where they're saying you can't have those fake mail-in ballots with fake signatures with dates after the election.
  So that right there is going to nail their ass.
  More victories with RFK Jr.
  getting his name off the ballot via lawsuits when states refused.
  There's a lot happening.
  And you've got Texas and Nevada and a bunch of other states pulling millions and millions and millions of fake voters, dead people, illegal aliens, over 1,100,000 in Texas alone three weeks ago.
  That's why they'd be crapping their britches, ladies and gentlemen.
  We are closing in on big victory with 49 days out from the election, and then it's real game time, the 76 days of civil war, if you believe the top Democrats like Jamie Raskin, the evil congressman quarterbacking much of these operations.
  Now, there's so many angles to hit here today.
  We have MSNBC, CNN, all of them, and we have the clips saying Trump's causing the violence himself.
  He brought it on himself.
  It's his fault because of his rhetoric.
  His rhetoric is at one-tenth as insinuating as the Democrats.
  And then they say, oh, Elon Musk put out a tweet saying, well, why aren't they trying to kill Harris and Kamala?
  Because there's establishment.
  That's what he meant.
  They said that was a threat.
  They're calling for Secret Service investigations.
  Meanwhile, I have compilations of everybody from Kamala Harris to you name it calling for violence and saying violence is good.
  It's crazy.
  Then you've got myself saying it, the minute this happened, and Eric Prince and others, that we cannot have the feds do this investigation that they will do a whitewash that's now been confirmed, just like Butler, Pennsylvania.
  The state has the jurisdiction and the right to come in and do its own parallel investigation, separate from the feds, and the Justice Department and the FBI should not be in control of this.
  They've proven they're totally compromised, and that leads us to so many other angles we'll go to.
  But first, let me go to the big enchilada right now.
  The big enchilada right now.
  For you.
  And the good news is, InfoWars never went away when they tried to shut us down in the last six years.
  And we've been reaching hundreds of millions a week, conservatively.
  Now we're reaching, let's not exaggerate, 500 million a week right now.
  So, we're hitting on all cylinders thanks to you spreading the word, your Paul Revere excitement, sharing the article, sharing the link, sharing the video, sharing the post on Real Alex Jones, and the Infowars post, and Owen's post, and Harrison's post, and Geyser's post, and McBreen's post, and Adan's post, everybody else.
  And of course, the big backdrop to the big enchilada I'm about to cover in a moment, concerning the second that we know of assassination, you know there's been others.
  That didn't get as close.
  Where there's smoke, there's a lot of fire.
  We have the announcement last week now confirmed that Biden has green-lit U.S.-made missiles.
  They put the explosives in them in Europe.
  They complete construction there, but it's their U.S.-made.
  Storm shadows.
  Heavy cruise missiles will start raining down on Russia sometime any moment.
  And Russia said that is a declaration of war officially, and Russia will respond hitting NATO targets, including outside of Russia.
  And then we go directly to full war, draft, conscription, even if it's a conventional war.
  The Pentagon's saying it'll last 20 to 30 years.
  The EU says this will be their new business model.
  It's a 20- to 30-year war.
  I've been covering the different Macron and defense ministers and the UK defense minister, all saying this the last year.
  Their new model is an endless war with Russia.
  And you've got Bolton saying, don't worry, Russia will never use nukes.
  So we'll just have a long, decades-long war with Russia.
  That's horrible as well.
  They're rolling the dice big time.
  So, they said in the news, they discussed it, and then Friday came and they said, well, he agreed to it, but he doesn't want it hyped in the media.
  Just like when he blew up the Nord Stream Pipeline, didn't want to take responsibility.
  It'll be on record who rains these storm shadows down, who's guiding them, who's directing them.
  With U.S.
  and Western satellites.
  So you got that going on that's ultra-massive.
  And as I said, Friday they need to kill Trump imminently to get set up for the long war with Russia.
  Because he'll end it instantly by cutting off the money and making Russia do a peace deal which Russia says they're ready to do.
  And then before it even came out,
  At about 5.45 Central, an hour and 45 minutes into the Sunday show last night, that the would-be assassin Ryan Wesley Roth, 58, was part of the Foreign Legion in Ukraine and was actually an officer and was basically recruiting with the CIA Western fighters out of North America, the Canada, the U.S., as well as Afghanistan, he was trying to go there and fight.
  He even met with U.S.
  Senators and had articles about him in the New York Times and other newspapers.
  He was a hero, they said.
  Even before that broke, I said, I think this is about getting rid of Trump to make way for war with Russia.
  Because the shooting happened at about what?
  The Tippett shooting and the Secret Service shooting back at about 2.30 Central?
  I got on air at four, didn't break for an hour and 45 minutes that, indeed, that was it.
  The show, six months ago on the show, said, look for them to use Ukrainian U.S.
  fighters to kill and do assassinations, and then now here we are.
  A lot of other people also made that point.
  So, this is insane.
  And the CIA runs the whole operation that's admitted, and all these documents are coming out.
  So, we have them.
  Again, that's a giant, long-course golf course.
  I mean, some of the drives are 250, 300 yards.
  A huge, state-of-the-art, when he built it back in the 90s, $45 million golf course.
  It cost $200 million to build today.
  And it's surrounded by woods so that it doesn't bother the neighborhoods.
  And it's got roads on three sides, and he knew right where to park his car, reportedly just for about a minute, got out with a gun, ran up with a backpack, with his rifle, with a sniper rifle, got up at the chain-link fence, and the Secret Service saw in their binoculars the guy in a shooting stance, and they're still not sure if he fired or they fired first.
  Shots were reportedly exchanged.
  And days before it came out, Time magazine ran the headline that Trump's in trouble, with an image of him photoshopped in a sand pit.
  Maybe Newsweek will run another headline or Time Will saying Madam President that Hillary had won and publishing it the day after she lost.
  But that's what they're doing.
  And so he knew right where to be, right where to be dropped in, right where Trump was, but the Secret Service that was with Trump, that guarded him with their lives, they're good people, they stopped him.
  Then the citizen that had seen him go in the woods saw him run out, jump in the SUV, drive away, pointed the cops out as the cops came screeching up, and they got him.
  We've got the photo of him in the squad car we'll put up on screen for TV viewers as well.
  All of it is at Rel Alex Jones and then fullwars.com if you want to see it if you're a radio listener.
  Because remember for all the viewers out there, I describe things you're like, why are you describing?
  We can see it.
  We're on over 300 radio stations.
  That's why I do that.
  So bear with me when I do that.
  I could break all this down, and Jack Bassob is coming up, and I will, but Ian Carroll, who I've been following for years, who reaches hundreds of millions of people a week as well, is an incredible investigative journalist.
  His work is about 99% accurate.
  Mine's about 98, but I'm more prolific, so I'm gonna make more mistakes, but he is, in fact, I've just said 99.
  I've never seen him be wrong.
  He is an incredible researcher, and he filed a seven-minute report that we're gonna upload ourselves on our format so it gets even more views.
  And the report's up on Infowars.com.
  Insane leftist Trump assassin linked to CIA military industrial complex.
  I mean, he's not linked.
  The CIA runs all of it.
  I told you that 11 years ago in the proxy war when it went official, two and a half years ago.
  And I've got stacks of news admitting they run the recruiting of the foreign legions that come there.
  So this guy was, and he was a total supporter of Kamala Harris, in contact with the campaign, had bumper stickers on his,
  Car.
  Huge supporter.
  His son said, yeah, that's my dad.
  Of course he hates Trump.
  Everybody does.
  No, everybody doesn't.
  So, and he was also a big LGBT guy, of course.
  So, that's where we are, ladies and gentlemen.
  So, here is Ian Carroll's excellent report.
  We're going to post this on X here in a few minutes.
  Share it like the future depends on it, because it does.
  The good news is, unlike Butler, where they tried to cover it up and had some success the first few days, though it came out later, we were on this, all of you were on this, minute one.
  The media tried to say, oh, it was just, you know, like,
  They did before Trump fell down.
  Nobody shot at him.
  Google for months said nothing happened.
  Wouldn't let you search Trump assassination.
  Forbes and AP were still saying it was an assassination attempt eight hours after on July 13th.
  They tried to say, oh, it was just gang related.
  Two people shooting each other.
  Just gangs.
  It wasn't directed at Trump.
  It's a high crime area, which isn't true.
  It's the richest area in the U.S., not high crime.
  And then that faded away real quick because Sean Hannity got a call that morning to go later.
  When Trump decided to do it, he decided not to go because he didn't want to get murdered.
  He said, I play golf with him, I just slow him down.
  He said, I didn't know there'd actually be a real attempted murder there.
  So Hannity called up Trump, called up other witnesses, they all said the same thing.
  Guys in the woods shooting at him, Secret Service shoots back, they tackle Trump.
  And then the media was still saying, nope, nope, nothing happened.
  That's again, the fix was in.
  He'd heard that a gang member killed him and they've been successful.
  So here's Ian Carroll's excellent report.
  So the new Trump assassin just dropped and there's some spicy details already.
  Ryan Routh.
  Very strange guy who's lived a very strange life.
  And this time, the internet was wise and archived all of his socials as much as possible before the FBI took it all down.
  So here's some basics on what we know about him and one really interesting rabbit hole about who he might be.
  Right off the bat though, it's super early.
  This is all speculative.
  Take your time.
  Pump the brakes.
  We're just digging through dirty laundry.
  We don't know what sticks yet.
  But this guy is a private American citizen who traveled to Ukraine on his own dime, question mark, to help recruit civilian soldiers to fight for Ukraine and Afghan special forces.
  He was, like, recruiting on his Facebook page.
  Here's an archive of all of his tweets that look pretty damn automated to me.
  They pretty much all look like this.
  In a past life, in Hawaii, he apparently ran this company that made a single tiny home and a single Facebook page and never did anything else with it.
  Super weird.
  But I grabbed everyone that he followed on Twitter before they deleted it.
  He only followed 60.
  And right down at the bottom of that list, which I think indicates his first follow, is this girl named Sue Kim, who is ex-CIA, along with some other very interesting
  Thanks.
  Now again, reminder, this is just speculation digging through Twitter dirt.
  Maybe this chick is just a wonderful, patriotic person that's helping America.
  Who knows?
  But her account is private, meaning why does he follow her?
  I've been digging around and one of my followers said that they found her in the people that follow him back.
  I have not been able to confirm that for myself because they took the account down.
  If you've got a video of the 1.2 thousand followers that followed him, that would be great to know.
  He says that she was at the bottom of his followed list, meaning that she followed him right when he made the account.
  That would make sense, seeing as she's at the bottom of his following list of who he follows, too.
  I mean, every asset needs a handler.
  And when you go through some of these other affiliations here, you get what is essentially the CIA training grounds at Johns Hopkins University.
  It explores the relationship between politics and the many kinds of military power, from the use of terror by small non-state groups to the threatened use of nuclear weapons.
  Its director is John McLaughlin, who is literally an ex-acting director of the CIA and ex-deputy director of the CIA, three-decade career at the CIA.
  David is third on the list of people at the top of this institution at the university.
  30-year career in Army Special Forces, various special operations, invading various countries, as well as Operation Enduring Freedom.
  You get the idea.
  Anyways, RAND Corporation.
  That's a military-industrial-complex think tank.
  Kind of like the Atlantic Council.
  And LMI-ORG?
  Yeah, that's like a military-industrial-complex education and training program as well.
  Preliminary findings on the internet when you search our homeboy, the shooter, show his arrest record including, in 2002, possession of weapons of mass destruction?
  Class F felony?
  Along with three other blocks of things like possession of handguns or concealed weapons and driver's license stuff.
  Yeah, that sounds like some operative shit to me.
  But again,
  We don't know any of this yet.
  We're just digging through dirty laundry on the internet.
  It's hard to tell what's real.
  But this is a photo of the weapon he used and the setup he had.
  People are speculating it looks an awful lot like, you know...
  Russian Ukrainian class of rifle.
  He's doing these weird recruitment ops in Ukraine for civilians.
  Well, he's like posted on his Facebook all the time to like no followers about how he's recruiting hundreds of civilians to fight for Ukraine.
  Posting for like Afghan special forces to contact him so they can come fight in Ukraine.
  But he's like just a random citizen from Hawaii.
  And one of the 60 people he follows is this CIA gal that allegedly follows him back.
  That looks an awful lot like a handler or a contact.
  His account looks an awful lot like a bot or an MKUltra or a Pato.
  Who knows what the hell this is.
  His criminal record looks an awful lot like what you might expect
  A kind of guy in this kind of line of work to leave behind.
  And then there's the weird video evidence getting turned up.
  Officials in Kiev simply aren't interested in recruiting them.
  Ukraine is reluctant to be cooperative.
  That's Ryan Roof, a U.S.
  citizen who set up the International Volunteer Center in Ukraine to help connect foreigners to Ukrainian military units.
  I'm talking to over 100 soldiers every day.
  Pretty much everybody.
  All of my contacts in Ukraine, they were adamant and pretty much yelled at me every time that I suggested that we bring in Afghans.
  The Ukrainian government didn't respond to our requests for comment, but a source close to the officials in Kiev told
  Shout out to some bitch I know on X who currently has one of the best archives of all of his socials and accounts.
  There's a lot of other people doing good work right now.
  And again, I just want to clarify.
  I'm not trying to pretend like I've solved the case or like we know what's going on.
  We just have learned by now that the FBI is going to just cover everything up.
  And so it's up to us to try to dig everything out before they do so.
  That's what we're doing.
  Backing up these operations to try to shoot him and who might be providing the intel and the access and the cover-ups Etc.
  So last thing I'll say Ryan Routh.
  He's currently in custody.
  He was driving away in an SUV.
  They caught him He's he's alive for now And I just want to remind us all Ryan Routh did not kill himself if cameras malfunction outside of his cell if he has a weird slipping accident whatever happens
  Yeah, you know the story.
  50 more days?
  My money's on at least one more attempt before we get there.
  So stay frosty.
  Because the war machine desperately needs the wars to escalate and they're not down with the Maga Maha folks shutting down the wars.
  And they are ready to kill people.
  Ready to assassinate.
  Allegedly.
  Apparently.
  Theoretically.
  Just jokingly.
  In order to perpetuate those wars.
  With major breaking intel.
  Now, I want to just back up what he was just saying, and that's from yesterday.
  We know more now.
  It's all confirmed to be his sites.
  The documents are confirmed.
  The arrest record, the weapons of mass destruction, the CIA connections.
  I have all the articles.
  We'll go over it with Jack Posobiec.
  More coming up.
  The CIA was running the organization that he was running.
  Now, look at this.
  Possibility.
  Ryan Wesley Roth had informant, says ex-FBI leader.
  It was an unannounced golfing event.
  But the media was there all of a sudden, and so was the shooter who just pulled up on a road, ducked right in the woods, right where Trump was.
  Chris Schwecker told Newsweek that law enforcement will have to establish how Ryan Wesley Roth appeared to know the exact details of when Trump was playing golf at the Florida resort.
  And when you look at his Facebook and his ex-account, 100% the followers
  Almost to a person, and the post are automated to the CIA organizations run by the deputy director and the director.
  So they had their hands directly on this, and he's going back and forth.
  I mean, most people, you get caught with a weapon of mass destruction, a bomb, and a bunch of automatic weapons, you know, you're gonna get a few years in prison.
  Zero!
  And the arrests just keep coming because the local cops are catching this guy doing sketchy stuff.
  A gopher for the deep state, obviously.
  That's a 99% probability right now.
  That's 100% in my mind.
  And they charge him, but it's always dropped.
  I mean, it's long.
  I've got the rap sheet right here.
  I mean, we're talking tiny lines of it.
  Four pages.
  We're talking guns, guns, guns, guns, weapons, sneaking around, doing all sorts of weird crap.
  This is amazing.
  Absolutely amazing information.
  We're going to go to break.
  We're going to come back with Jack Posobiec.
  I'm going to just say this again.
  I'm taking on the New World Order.
  You are our backers.
  You're the reason we've had so much success.
  You're the reason we're reaching, let's not exaggerate the last week, 20 million people a day on average on X. I mean watching the videos, not just the post.
  And we had over 10 million viewers on X yesterday, not counting all the other videos I shot that have over 10 million themselves.
  One of them has 6 million, a bunch of others have a couple million.
  20-something million people watched our videos yesterday on X. I mean, look, your investment in us is paying off, but I need the viewers and listeners to support us.
  We've got all the products you need.
  Go to infowarestore.com.
  Get the great products like Nitric Boost that purifies your blood and cleans out your cardiovascular system and is so good to counter all the garbage they put into our environment.
  Get the Infowars MD.
  Products like the Gummy Bears with the CBD, the highest quality full spectrum and the full spectrum 1000 milligram tincture.
  It's so good and at least 40-50 bucks less than the leading competitors that we probably label it from.
  InfoWarsMDLine, InfoWarsStore.com, or call toll-free, 888-253-3139.
  And then don't forget our great sponsor, DrJonesNaturals.com, selling out Next Level Foundational Energy.
  She's just one of the great products there.
  Despite the fact it's selling out, it's still discounted.
  It doesn't do a stimulant thing, but it is like a stimulant, and there's no letdown.
  You want to have this product.
  Next Level Foundational Energy, Cabochill, Colloidal Silver, NanoSilver.
  It's all at drjonesnaturals.com.
  You want to get great products to support the broadcast?
  Go there now!
  DRJonesNaturalRoles.com, Infowars.com, and TheAlexJonesStore.com for t-shirts.
  Stay with us.
  This bad boy is the number one seller at TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  Rebellion to tyrants is obedience to God.
  Folks love it.
  I love it.
  I love wearing this out in public, and it also lets the globals to let us know we are standing up against them, and we know who they serve, and we know who we serve.
  The black rock globalist controlled left, from academia to the media, is obsessed with bullying you into silence because their ideas are illegal and unpopular.
  And if you simply speak up, it's game over.
  So stop thinking it's just Alex Jones or Tucker Carlson or Donald Trump's gonna save the world.
  It's all of us together.
  And wearing t-shirts in public that promote freedom is key.
  It doesn't just show our enemies we're awake.
  Other people see it and realize how popular freedom is.
  So ladies and gentlemen, it's a win-win.
  Get great shirts at TheAlexJonesStore.com, fund the operations, we fight the tyrants at point blank range, and meet like-minded people, and spread the word in the third dimension.
  Take action now, and don't let the left silence you.
  TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  All right, we are now 33 minutes into this live Monday, September 16th transmission.
  I am your host, Alex Jones, and Jack Posobiec joins us with all of his great sources and research with the latest developments on...
  What is unfolding with the attempted assassination of the second in two months and three days of the 45th president of the United States.
  All evidence shows Trump is really way ahead.
  The deep state knows that and they are desperate to take him out to pave the way for a wider war with Russia with the authorization last week of Biden insanely to begin raining US-made missiles down on Russian territory, something Putin has said
  As foreign minister has said, and they've told the UN as of Friday, will be an act of war.
  We will be at war with Russia.
  Now this just in, Martin County, Florida Sheriff Snyder just came out and basically said that it looks like Ryan Roth may have been part of a greater conspiracy to kill President Trump.
  We're going to play that clip.
  And it's now again coming out.
  We have a former high-level FBI Chris Sheeker saying that he obviously had help to drop in on the unannounced golf game of President Trump.
  That was a snap decision pulled right up.
  There's police all over the place.
  Ran right in the woods right when Trump was coming up.
  Ladies and gentlemen, that is just not a coincidence that you have his giant rap sheet, weapons of mass destruction, and then he just gets probation.
  Then he gets arrested over and over again with machine guns and guns and has a huge rap sheet.
  His Twitter account on X connected to all these CIA operatives.
  Recruiting troops from America.
  This is the classically Harvey Oswald cutout that you see over and over again.
  The question is, how long will he be alive?
  And they're now reporting would-be assassin Ryan Roth has been charged with possession of a firearm with a convicted felon, possession of a firearm with a obliterated serial number.
  He's currently not facing any charges related to an assassination attempt, but that's probably coming.
  He's formerly
  Um, a rain in two weeks, so we'll talk to Jack Posobiec here in a minute and a half.
  But first, here is the sheriff saying we should look at help.
  And that means you can't have the feds of the investigation.
  It needs to be the state and the locals, which is their right.
  We'll get Jack's take on that in a moment.
  But first, here's the club.
  Two miles to get all the resources in play so we could surround that vehicle and force it to a stop.
  How was he driving when your deputy saw him?
  How was he driving when we saw him?
  He was smart.
  He was just driving with the flow of traffic.
  I think that he may have thought he got away with it.
  Of course, he couldn't have known that there was a witness.
  Who really did the right thing, took a picture of him, took a picture of the tag.
  And he may have thought he got away with it.
  Of course, he could have known that there was a witness.
  Who really did the right thing, took a picture of him, took a picture of the tag.
  And he was just gonna drive himself back to wherever he came from.
  Did he have any, to your knowledge, any ties to Martin County or the Treasure Coast?
  Yeah, to my knowledge, does he have any ties to Martin County?
  I think the answer, to my knowledge, the answer is no, I have no knowledge.
  I think what we're finding out, he's not from this area.
  Which of course raises the bigger question is, how does a guy
  From not here, get all the way to Trump International.
  Realize that the President, former President of the United States, is golfing and is able to get a rifle in that vicinity.
  I think that's the question the FBI, the Secret Service, or laser focused on today.
  Is this guy part of a conspiracy?
  Is he a lone gunman?
  President Trump is that much safer because we have him.
  But if he's part of a conspiracy, then this whole thing...
  Really takes on a very ominous tone.
  There's an OPA conspiracy to kill Trump.
  The Democrats, after Jack leaves us, will play a bunch of compilations of them calling for him to be killed, including Mr. Mudd from the CIA on CNN.
  Jack, thank you for giving us some time.
  I know you're very busy.
  You've got a lot of big developments and angles.
  You stayed up all night on this.
  You've got private investigators who I know well in the field in Pennsylvania on that.
  Now you're investigating this, expanding your big investigation briefing you'll be giving.
  Yeah, Alex, that's right.
  So the briefing will be coming up on
  The 23rd day of Reading, Pennsylvania.
  TuckerCarlson.com slash events.
  Go secure your tickets now because this thing, it's going to sell out fast.
  This is going to be the hottest event where we're going to be talking all about the Butler, Pennsylvania information, as well as the information that continues to spill out about this individual, Ryan Wesley Routh, and his potential connections to these foreign fighter flows, again, from Kabul to Kiev, as you and I spoke about last night.
  That's what he was directly involved in.
  Alex, after I got off your show last night, I did say, look, myself, my team, we were up into the wee hours of the morning cranking it out on this.
  We then went into this morning, we began negotiations, began looking at different things.
  And so, by the way, just for anyone now, I know we've been working on the book, Bulletproof, the story of how the first assassination attempt on President Trump
  And basically, if you had pre-ordered Bulletproof, and I just want to put this out there, if you went to orderbulletproof.com, you want to sign a copy, whatever copy, you will get the latest edition.
  We just went in, we hacked and slashed the entire thing.
  We are now including as much information as we possibly can, essentially by today, on Ryan Wesley Routh and the second assassination attempt on President Trump.
  And I'm going to have more information about that next week with you and Tucker Carlson up on that stage.
  But Alex, the fact that this guy had direct ties
  The farm fighter flows.
  We also I was able to break the story that he appeared at.
  And appeared in a propaganda video for the Azov Battalion, the most controversial battalion, neo-Nazi battalion there in the Ukrainian military.
  Someone that started as a volunteer regiment, was then formalized to be part of the Ukrainian National Guard.
  This is someone that they fought in Mariupol, they fought at the Azovstal plant, this huge stand there, and he appeared in this video.
  We don't know exactly yet
  Who put together this video, but as you can see from it, this actually took place in Kiev.
  It looks like it's right there in Maidan Square, which is the very square where the Maidan revolution, the Maidan color revolution took place in 2014, which was totally backed by the Central Intelligence Agency.
  So again, if you've got a guy now who was bringing foreign fighters
  From Kabul to Kiev, or at least trying to.
  You had someone who was directly tied to the Azov battalion.
  You have someone who now we know as of this morning walks into the federal courtroom laughing.
  He walks into the courtroom laughing, and Alex, one of the first things they charged him with was to being a convicted felon who was in possession of a firearm.
  So let's go back.
  He's got an AK-47.
  How was it?
  That he was able to have an AK-47, the sheriff just mentioned it there, how was it that he was able to have an AK-47 or any rifle at all with the scope, etc.
  Because with a obliterated serial number, the serial number filed off, well, the obvious question is...
  Does that rifle relate to his time in Ukraine?
  Did he bring that rifle back from Ukraine?
  Was he able to get it back to the United States?
  Was he able to bring it in without paperwork?
  Was he able to claim his status in this travel that apparently he was conducting with these foreign fighter groups, the International Battalion, etc., coming back from Ukraine?
  Was he able to get this gun?
  And it's a basic question, by the way.
  If he's directly associated with these fighting groups on the ground, then it stands to reason
  That when he's got a Russian style weapon that we know are used on both sides in the Ukrainian conflict, that did he get it from that area?
  And some people are saying that it may be an SKS, which is the variant.
  Again, we need to know where the gun came from.
  Of course, it is possible to get that in the United States.
  But of course, firearms retailers, we know they keep their stuff tight.
  We know the ATF is super strict.
  We know this is suspect.
  And AKs, look, it's just not as popular in the United States as ARs.
  I don't
  Suspected Trump assassin Ryan Wesley Routh spent nearly 12 hours near Trump's golf course before being confronted.
  Nearly 12 hours.
  He was lying in wait.
  He built that sniper's nest.
  Alex, by the way, in the photo you just showed,
  And here you can see in this Newsweek Romania video where he's got his hair dyed in the colors of the Ukrainian flag, the blue and yellow of the Ukrainian flag.
  This was how much of a Ukraine radical he was in the photo you just showed.
  What he's hanging up there are essentially he's got a plate carrier in the in the photo, but in the photo from the fence, those are two backpacks.
  And I had a source reach out to me and say that it looks like he has ceramic
  Tiles in those backpacks the ceramic tiles if that's true and you can see they sort of have that square image that they could have operated as a makeshift Body armor and if they did operate therefore as makeshift body armor, it could be that the Secret Service agent who responded We don't know yet what caliber firearm the Secret Service agent was using whether it was a rifle or was with a handgun But it's possible that ceramic tile that he set up for that sniper's nest
  Absolutely.
  I'm looking at that.
  Those are plate carriers.
  Those are plates hung up there that they come in backpacks.
  Yeah, makeshift plate carriers.
  And again, this is not someone does without training.
  This is not someone does randomly.
  This is a trained fighting position that he was able to put together.
  The GoPro is up there directly.
  This is someone, again,
  Eight months on the ground in Ukraine.
  We haven't been able to prove or even get reporting yet on that he actually participated, whether or not he carried a, as Tim Walz claimed, carried a rifle in war.
  But he certainly has more combat experience than Tim Walz did because he actually traveled to the theater.
  So, uh, I received a report that he received training on an AKM, which is a, again, similar platform to the AK-47.
  It's a variant, one of these, uh, various, um, types of AK-47s.
  Cluster cops.
  Right, that were over there.
  And, but that he, the, my source said that he received an injury and then didn't actually go into combat himself when he was over there.
  Again, instead he admittedly, though, began recruiting
  And if you go to his ex that was caught before it was taken down, it's all connections to the CIA training facilities, to the CIA directors.
  I mean, this guy was spooked up big time.
  Look, this guy, if he wasn't on the National Security Agency's radar, then I'd question why we even have any of these national security agencies.
  Again, when I was in Lviv around the same time period, by the way, which is May of 2022.
  So I was in Lviv, he was in Kiev.
  Uh, but I was around there.
  We saw the foreign fighters coming in.
  You saw these volunteers, people who were involved in getting around the, uh, going around these, these groups in these units coming together to, uh, and, and by the way, the, the weapons that you could easily procure while you were over there were flowing all over the place.
  You could get weapons, you could get body armor, you could get grenades.
  Actually, I'm kind of surprised that he doesn't just have kit or regular body armor that he brought back from Ukraine with him because it was so easy.
  I could have brought, come back with,
  Absolutely.
  I agree.
  These are the same groups the CIA has been playing footsies with.
  Adam Kinzinger, Alex Vindman, Rachel Vindman, the wife putting up her tweets last night saying that, you know, this thing didn't matter.
  They're very worried about this because these are the same type of people that they have been cheerleading for years at this point.
  Well, that's right.
  And of course, Edward Snowden, who we know what he's talking about, says that the shooter has total vibes of Lee Harvey Oswald and that the White House may not have clean hands here.
  You have the sheriff saying it could be a conspiracy.
  Look at the facts here.
  This guy's a big Harris supporter.
  It's all confirmed all over his Instagram, all over his Facebook, all over his Twitter.
  Now the media is trying to fact check and say that's not true.
  You look at the climate here.
  Now with 49 days out from the election, you were on just Friday saying they're going to try again on Trump.
  I told Glenn Beck that.
  On Thursday.
  I mean, this is a no-brainer.
  The Deep State is desperate.
  I think we would have to go out of our way to say this isn't part of a larger operation.
  And what do you think the establishment that's so desperate is going to do next?
  And what are the other angles to this story?
  Well, Alex, it's it's clear that there's going to be another attempt before the election.
  It's also clear, by the way, that when people say, oh, this was just rhetoric who spun this all up, that it was just media.
  Sure, that's that's certainly one aspect of it.
  And that needs to be investigated.
  But also, I think the bigger investigation here needs to be first on on, of course, media and rhetoric.
  President Trump talked about that in his
  We're good.
  And as much as I hate to say it, these are all potential targets now, target vectors, now that we've seen two assassination attempts on the man himself.
  And third, the investigation into Ryan Raab.
  They are going to try to silence this guy.
  They're going to try to disappear this guy or worse.
  We're good.
  With the International Ukraine Battalion when he was in Ukraine, when he was involved in these foreign fighter groups, someone who's got information like that, whether or not he was a Patsy, whether or not that was directly involved in this, he's going to have a lot of access to information, whether he knows it or not, that needs to come out in this investigation.
  A lot of information, by the way, that potentially, like I said, if these national security agencies
  Actually were you involved with him while he was over in Ukraine?
  There's gonna be a lot of information that they don't want coming out in open court Jack pulling back from this.
  I know you've got a lot of pull with Trump We obviously can you know put pressure on him, but he's always do what he wants.
  He did do this as a snap golfing outing Us that was smart.
  It wasn't pre-announced.
  That's all confirmed but
  People say, oh, well, he doesn't want to look cowardly and basically go to a bunker.
  He's going to win the election.
  All evidence shows everybody votes.
  We're having a lot of victories, rolling back a lot of the election fraud.
  Some is still there, but I'd say 50% has been rolled back.
  Big decision in your home state of Pennsylvania to not let them put the old ballots or ballots after the date or ballots with bad signatures in there.
  A lot of other illegal aliens being expunged by the millions off the rolls from Texas to Nevada.
  So they're definitely scared.
  That's why they keep trying to kill him.
  What do you think Trump's posture should be now?
  Obviously, he put the bulletproof glass up at the outdoor events.
  That's great.
  But I mean, it's a guaranteed now this is accelerating.
  And I think we see
  Unlimited assassination attempts.
  I mean, I think they'll try even quicker.
  I think they'll probably try to kill him again in the next seven days.
  And then if that doesn't work within the next three after that, I think we're going to see, I think, I know we're going to see this, and it's going to become incredibly obvious.
  So A, what would you do if you were Trump?
  And then B, what do you think the establishment, the tribe that's thinking right now?
  Look, Alex, and I'm sympathetic to the talking point that, you know, perhaps he should take his physical security more safely.
  And that's number one, obviously, that
  He needs to have private security that are working hand-in-hand with the Secret Service at all times.
  He needs private security at every place he goes.
  Prior to he goes, put the drone up.
  Get the drone up there.
  Make sure it's going over.
  You're looking at suspicious vehicles, suspicious cars.
  He's got the money to be able to do this.
  This can easily be number one.
  If he needs to fundraise for it, I'm sure
  That Trump supporters need- There needs to be 10 drones up everywhere he is.
  10 drones up, an entire fleet of drones, and have that all out there, and that's number one.
  Number two, look, as it comes to the rallies, he's not going to stop.
  He's not going to- This man does not have the word quit in his vocabulary.
  This man does not understand the meaning of the word surrender.
  He's not going to quit.
  That being said, if he's going to continue the rallies, I would argue, of course, that he needs to
  I don't think so.
  He also conducts business on the golf course.
  Again, it's going to be something that has to be looked at potentially to see how he can remain safe while being on these golf courses.
  But again, this is all doable if he's given the correct security posture.
  And if the Department of Homeland Security under Mayorkas doesn't want to give that to him, then he's got to do it privately.
  Shifting gears into the big issue, you and I both said this Friday, and I said it hours before the news broke yesterday, that this has got to do with Russia.
  They got to clear the way with this escalation with the heavy missiles that just got greenlit last week.
  And then it comes out he's heavily involved, the CIA, Ukraine, foreign fighters wanting to bring Afghans in.
  I mean, how obvious is that, Jack, that they need to get rid of Trump to pave the way for World War III?
  Well, Alex, again, we talked about when I was on your show the other day, we talked about how they would potentially look at a conflagration between the U.S.
  and Russia to ignite World War III.
  And we talked about that specifically.
  How Kamala Harris
  And I said specifically, these are signals that she is sending out to the other members of the globalist coalition.
  I said that she was sending those signals out specifically.
  And now we've got someone here with a direct, and I'm just going to say, it's a one-to-one tie with elements of the military-industrial complex, those same elements, the defense contractors that are bringing the foreign fighters in, because Alex, this is big money.
  This is the same type of story, by the way, that a year and a half ago I broke
  We're good.
  That's right.
  This guy himself may also have engaged in war profiteering.
  That's why he's going to Ukraine.
  That's why he's coming back.
  And they become useful idiots.
  They become useful idiots for those in power, people who are trying to make a quick buck, but then also people who are playing on the sensibilities and the emotions of those affected by the propaganda and those affected by the images coming out.
  To be able to spend their dollars, their treasure, and in some cases even volunteer to go and sacrifice their lives for the transnational security state.
  Remember Alex, you and I have always said this isn't about the people of Ukraine.
  We don't want the people of Ukraine to suffer.
  This is about the oligarchs and the fact that right after Afghanistan and Kabul shut down, all of a sudden Ukraine kicked off.
  So how are you going to tell me that this guy was traveling
  And bringing foreign fighters from Kabul to Kiev, and he wasn't on the radar of any of the national security agencies.
  Sorry, don't pass the smell test.
  Well, the public knows this is the deep state.
  The evidence is overwhelming.
  60-second closing comment.
  Biden reportedly did greenlit, but he didn't want it to be made public, The Guardian and The New York Times reported.
  When, if, do you suspect that NATO will start raining storm shadows down inside Russia?
  And what do you think Russia is responsible for?
  Look, if NATO starts running down short shadows inside Russia prior to the election, then what they're going to try to attempt to do then is kick off a World War III type scenario where this goes, where Russia then responds in places, in bases in Poland or bases within Estonia, wherever the targeting is going from.
  And then, of course, the discussion will be about Article 5 of NATO.
  The West is clearly trying, as they did successfully, to get Putin into Ukraine and now to provoke him into something wider to get us into a full war.
  They admit that, and of course then bring Ukraine into NATO.
  This is madness.
  We've got to get Trump in.
  He will stop it.
  That's why they wanted Trump dead.
  Jack Posobiec, thanks for the update.
  I'll be talking to you soon.
  God bless, Alex.
  I'll see you in a week, man.
  Absolutely.
  There goes Jack Posobiec.
  All right, we're going to start the next hour.
  And I'm going to hit all the other news we haven't hit, and then I'm going to open the phones up for callers to respond to this, the World War III developments and escalations that are just historic, the worst ever.
  Mainline analysts agree.
  The attempted second killing of Trump.
  You know, there's other stuff where they didn't get as close.
  We don't know about, guaranteed.
  What do you think we should do?
  I really value your views, your ideas.
  We'll be talking to you next hour and the 3rd and 4th hour today.
  The Owen Schroyer 3 p.m.
  Central with the War Room.
  Congratulations to Owen and Harrison.
  Their shows have exploded.
  They've always been big, but they are gigantor now.
  I want to thank all the listeners for spreading the word about the broadcast at Real Alex Jones, sharing the Info Wars live feed there as well, and others.
  All total, since Friday, Saturday, Sunday, we've had
  60 million people on Axalone click on the live feeds and the rebroadcast.
  That's not counting all the other stuff.
  I don't have time to count the rest of it.
  60 million.
  Great job, everybody.
  We're not risking our lives for nothing.
  That's gargantuan.
  That's historic.
  Badass.
  You're the Paul Reveres.
  Keep sharing the links.
  Email, text message, word of mouth.
  Do it now.
  And please support our sponsor for great nano-silver products, next level financial energy, comedy show, and more at drjonesnaturals.com.
  Drjonesnaturals.com.
  Support us.
  Go there now.
  Today's conspiracy theories.
  Tomorrow's truths.
  Some of these conspiracy theories have turned out to be true.
  Which ones?
  The Trump-Russia witch hunt, Jeffrey Epstein, JFK assassination, the misuse of the Patriot Act, the Iraq War, the weapons of mass destruction, the war in Ukraine, the bombing of the Nord Stream Pipeline, the open border migration caravans, the climate change scam, Kim Trails, and HARP, and 9-11 being an inside job, and the Internet of Things surveillance grid, and PFAs, and chemicals in the water turning everyone gay,
  And the 2020 election being stolen, and January 6 being filled with undercover feds, and Bilderberg, and Bohemian Grove, and global government, not to mention gain-of-function research, and the threat of China, and collapsing birth rates, and defund the police, and George Soros, and mail-in ballots, and big tech censorship, and disinformation agencies, and Obama's birth certificate, and probably some others I can't think of.
  I mean, so a few of them.
  I guess a couple of them have been true.
  You will meet so many amazing people wearing this shirt.
  I'd say you'll get probably 50 compliments before you get one person screaming at you.
  Donald J. Trump is now President of the United States.
  But it's an adventure to wear any of these shirts, but particularly this one.
  Get this design and so many others, they're limited edition, at thealexshowstore.com.
  Keep us on air, in our fight against the globalists, and I want to thank you so much for your support because literally,
  When you call in thanking me on air, I say stop because I'm thanking you.
  I love fighting the globalists.
  This is what I do.
  We've had such a huge effect together.
  So I want to thank you all for your past support.
  Encourage you now to go to thealexjonesstore.com and be sure to enter for the free truck and $10,000 and buy more product.
  Support the broadcast and get entered five or 10 times depending on the day.
  Each time you buy a product.
  This new initiative is so important to the future, so everybody, if you support what we're doing and want to get great shirts and ball caps at the same time, go to thealexjonestore.com.
  And almost forgot, most t-shirts come in multiple colors.
  We're now in hour number two.
  It's Monday, September 16th, 2024.
  The globalists have a mission that's impossible, taking down humanity.
  They had us asleep for a while, but now the giant has awoken.
  We are 49 days, the most important election in world history.
  I'm your host, Alexander Emmerich Jones, coming to you from deep in the heart of Texas, Austin, broadcasting worldwide.
  All right.
  I want to open the phones up in this second hour and third hour on the huge subject of the escalation of war with Russia, the storm shadow missiles, all of that, the attempted assassination of Trump, where you see this going, what you think, and of your veterans or current active duty or military law enforcement, you've got any information or intel on the Trump attack.
  Then I'll put you to the head of the line.
  But otherwise, I'll take the calls in the order they are received.
  And crew, remind me of that.
  Sometimes I just start at the top, at the first caller, and don't listen to what I said.
  And all the way, there was a guy in Palm Beach, a sheriff's deputy, holding.
  I'm like, he's been holding 30 minutes.
  I'll go right to you, particularly if you're law enforcement in Florida.
  So I'll give that toll-free number out when we come back.
  Some stations don't carry this first five, but a lot of stations do.
  So it's always kind of a no-man's land, so I'll give the number out to the full audience when we return on the other side of this break.
  Now, I've got the Democrats calling for violence against Trump, then blaming him, saying it's his fault.
  So many clips, I can't get to all of them.
  I've got like eight of them.
  MSNBC, I played it last night, saying he got what's coming to him.
  He deserves it.
  You got CNN blaming Elon Musk.
  I mean, it's just bizarre.
  You've got them trying to say he's not a leftist, though it's all confirmed.
  Just like Haitians aren't doing anything bad or eating any animals, any house cats or anything in Springsfield, Ohio.
  Or the Venezuelan gangs aren't taking over any apartments, even though they are.
  Harris doesn't want your guns.
  She officially says she wants to ban them.
  You know, Tim Walz, you know, oh, nobody's killing babies after they're born.
  Tim Walz just got the law passed two years ago in Minnesota.
  It's mind-blowing.
  Oh, she doesn't want your guns, she just put out an official deal to ban them.
  So...
  It's just that they do that so you never get resolved and take action.
  Instead, they just deny what they're doing to your face while they do it.
  So people just go, okay, and just kind of go, you're lying.
  Well, you move past that.
  Who cares if they're lying?
  We know they're liars.
  Ignore what they say.
  Take the country back.
  But it's a tactic they use.
  There's so much on the economy, so much on the election, just all sorts of craziness coming up.
  Saudi Arabia Bank caught secretly buying 160 tons of gold in Switzerland.
  I mean, it's all just bonker land.
  And as the news breaks and develops, we'll go over all of it.
  We'll play clips of the would-be assassin.
  CIA cutout, it's absolutely confirmed.
  It's all coming up.
  We'll be right back with your calls.
  I got a great way for you to keep InfoWars on the air, and regardless what happens to InfoWars, keep me on the air, and that's thealexjonestore.com, a new key URL for you to mark down.
  I've teamed up with the folks that make a lot of the top-selling Trump shirts in the country.
  They've got the best t-shirt designers, Bigley.
  If you go to thealexjonestore.com,
  That's separate from InfoWars.
  That's key to support.
  Into the future, whatever happens here.
  30-plus amazing new t-shirt designs.
  New ones being added every day.
  They're incredible.
  Trump shirts.
  You name it.
  TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  And every time you buy a shirt or 30-plus different great designs of Patriot ball caps, you get entered five or ten times depending on the day.
  It's different every day.
  Into the raffle to get $10,000 cash.
  Halloween's when the prize is announced, the winner.
  And a $138,000 turbo diesel, super deluxe, off-road upgraded, the best truck you can get, over-the-top, turbo diesel engine, AEV standard features, and then it's all upgraded.
  I tried to go over, take an hour.
  The best tires, the best shocks, the best systems.
  It's a 2024 Ram Prospector AEV Dodge turbo diesel.
  Army green, black, red pinstripe.
  Ready for you.
  When you buy something, you've entered five or ten times, depending on what promo they're running that day, in the raffle.
  All at thealexjonestore.com.
  But the t-shirts, the reason to go there, keep us on air.
  And these are badass shirts.
  They've got over 30 incredible t-shirt designs.
  I think there's more now.
  They're adding more every day at thealexjonestore.com.
  They're designer.
  They're high quality.
  They're all there.
  Some of the M4's classics, they updated, made even better.
  A lot of new, incredible designs.
  A lot of Alex Jones shirts.
  A lot of Trump shirts.
  It's all there at thealexjonestore.com.
  We need your aid.
  We need your support.
  Plus, he's a great shirt.
  He'll meet like-minded people.
  It spreads the word.
  So, it's exciting to wear these out in public.
  Most people will agree with you and love you.
  You'll meet so many friends.
  Go to thealexjonestore.com.
  We need your support.
  No excuses.
  Take action at thealexjonestore.com.
  Thank you.
  Enter to win right now at thealexjonestore.com.
  We are now into our number two on this Monday, September 16th, 2024 transmission with 49 days left, the most important election in world history and the 76 days of hell, when the Democrats have pledged, top Democrats, civil war conditions in America.
  Before I give the number out on the World War III escalations, Biden greenlighting, U.S.
  made storm shadow missiles, huge high-powered cruise missiles start raining down on Russia anytime now.
  I pray they back off, pray they don't do it.
  Russia's saying it's a declaration of war, full war of the United States.
  I mean, can you believe this?
  And we're sleepwalking into it.
  It's like, oh, what did Taylor Swift say?
  Or, oh, is Laura Loomer sweet on Trump?
  I mean, this is the stuff all over the news.
  While this is all happening, and then they just tried to kill Trump again, and the corporate media tried to spin it like it didn't happen, had to back off and admit it did happen, and it just becomes like entertainment, like it's a bullfight or something, and Trump's the bull.
  It's not.
  This is not a video game or a Netflix show or a drama on HBO.
  This is the real world.
  This is really going on.
  And so many people have a normalcy bias that folks are starting to get concerned, but even populistic conservatives are like, it'll be okay.
  Trump blames Dems for assassination attempts.
  Absolutely.
  They're the ones hyping it and pushing it.
  All these people are connected to the FBI and the CIA.
  This latest person wrote a 300 page screed calling for Trump's assassination and nuclear war.
  We have the copy of it right here.
  They admit it's his.
  Recruiting foreign fighters in and out of Ukraine with a CIA group.
  That's who runs the whole operation over there.
  Pops up out of nowhere with a rifle.
  Knows where Trump's gonna be when Trump had announced he'd be on the golf course.
  Allowed to run around there.
  I mean, come on, people.
  We're not in Kansas anymore, as I keep saying over and over and over again.
  And then Elon Musk puts out a tweet that made a lot of sense, I reposted it, saying, I wonder why nobody's trying to kill Kamala Harris or Biden.
  That's not calling for it.
  I'm saying, wonder why?
  Because they're puppets.
  Because it's the deep state doing this.
  It's not organic people.
  Sure, the media hypes up Trump should die and he's bad, and all the movies and TV shows talk about how great he'd be.
  But where are the people trying to- I hope nobody tries to kill Biden or Harris.
  They turn them into victims.
  The deep state may do it and blame Trump.
  I've been saying that for a year.
  Or longer.
  In fact, that could be in the cards and then make Kamala the president if they kill Biden so she's more presidential.
  So you'll believe she actually won if they're able to steal it, which I don't think they're going to be able to because the numbers
  It's showing such a landslide, despite their disinfo, that their fraud can't take them over the top again.
  Trump had a bigger landslide in 2016, that's why they couldn't steal it.
  He didn't have as big a landslide in 2020.
  The numbers are there.
  Had top bolsters on, they had bolster at Rasmussen concurring with that.
  Just last week.
  Seems like a million years ago.
  So they're going to try it again.
  What do we do to stop it?
  What should Trump do?
  And he needs to know, every time he goes out on a golf course, he takes his life in his hands.
  I've said, that's one of the prime vectors for them to get to him.
  It's a vector point.
  An attack vector.
  Look up what that means.
  Elon Musk said three years ago, he owned a couple big houses in Austin.
  He built himself a house inside his factory, down the road from where I'm at, east of Austin, out by the airport, and said, I don't want a vector point for killers to come get me.
  That was a smart move.
  Not that Musk is a coward.
  He was smart.
  Trump hasn't done that.
  So let's play back-to-back.
  Video Kamala Harris promoting violence, and then go to the clip nine supercut.
  Two and a half minutes of Democrats explicitly calling for using political violence.
  And yeah, I asked Ron Paul and Rand Paul and what happened at that baseball game where the other member of Congress getting shot and the guy tried to kill them all.
  And then, of course, ask Trump.
  I mean, it's insane.
  So let's go and go to those clips.
  I just don't even know why there aren't uprisings all over the country, and maybe there will be.
  People need to start taking to the streets.
  This is a dictator.
  You know, there needs to be unrest in the streets for as long as there is unrest in our lives.
  Enemies of the state.
  Show me where it says that protests are supposed to be polite and peaceful.
  Do something about your dad's immigration practices, you feckless... When they go low, we kick them.
  How do you resist the temptation to run up and wring her neck?
  The biggest terror threat in this country is white men, most of them radicalized to the right.
  I thought he should have punched him in the face.
  I said, even if you lost, he insulted your wife.
  He came down the escalator and called Mexicans rapists and murderers.
  He said, well, what do you think I should have done?
  I said, I think you should have punched him in the face and then gotten out of the race.
  You would have been a hero.
  I'd like to punch him in the face.
  I said if we were in high school, I'd take you behind the gym and beat the hell out of him.
  PUNCH SOME PEOPLE IN THE FACE!
  When was the last time an actor assassinated a president?
  They're still gonna have to go out and put a bullet in Donald Trump.
  And that's a fact.
  You take on the intelligence community, they have six ways from Sunday at getting back at you.
  He is destructive to our democracy, uh, and he has to be, uh, he has to be eliminated.
  Let me give you one bottom line.
  As a former government official, government's gonna kill this guy.
  Look as his character is stabbed to death.
  Where is John Wilkes Booth when you need him?
  I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House.
  A Missouri State Senator is under investigation by the Secret Service after saying she hopes President Trump is assassinated.
  I will go and take Trump out tonight.
  And if you see anybody from that cabinet in a restaurant, in a department store, at a gasoline station, you get out and you create a crowd.
  And you push back on them, and you tell them they're not welcome anymore, anywhere.
  And sadly, the domestic enemies to our voting system and our honoring our Constitution are right at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
  They're not going to stop before Election Day in November, and they're not going to stop after Election Day.
  And that should be, everyone should take note of that on both levels, that this isn't, they're not going to let up, and they should not.
  If you think we're rallying now, you ain't seen nothing yet.
  You know what happened to Congressman Steve Scalise getting shot when that guy tried to kill all those conservative members of Congress playing baseball?
  By the way, we should take that clip because we've got bigger, longer compilations, but have McBreen add the CIA deputy head, Mudd, saying the CIA is going to kill this guy, talking about Trump, and then
  Add Schumer saying the intelligence agencies have six ways of Sunday of getting back at you and then re-upload it.
  Because we, we need that clip in there, those clips to be added.
  Okay, so let's look at some of the stuff they're currently doing today.
  This is representative
  Crockett, Jasmine Crockett, says MAGA is a domestic threat to the country, right after Trump was almost killed again yesterday.
  And then that dovetails with CNN this morning, I saw this and recorded it, monitoring the enemy transmission, blaming Elon Musk and trying to say he's calling for violence for simply saying, wonder why nobody's trying to kill them, meaning they're the ones trying to do the killing.
  Nobody wants to kill Biden or Harris.
  Give me a break.
  They're puppets.
  That would turn them into victims.
  So let's play those clips back-to-back.
  I talk about the fact that when we swore in, finally, in January, that we swore to defend against those that are coming against us, whether they are domestic or international.
  And right now, I feel like MAGA in general, they are threats to us domestically.
  And we see it time and time again.
  And I think that's why you see so many national leaders, whether they're Republicans or Democrats, coming together to say there is only one person qualified to be the Commander-in-Chief.
  And that is Kamala Harris.
  I want to get your reaction to it, and do you think Musk could face potential legal consequences when he said no one is even trying to assassinate Biden and Kamala?
  Well, I don't know if he'd face any legal consequences or not, but certainly he's irresponsible, and everyone needs to tone down the rhetoric.
  We're in very, very dangerous times.
  And it's not just threats to Donald Trump.
  It's threats to other candidates.
  It's threats to election workers.
  I mean, this is just something that has to stop.
  And people like Musk and others just keep adding fuel to the fire.
  It's just got to stop.
  Cheryl, doesn't the Secret Service believe that if someone is threatening or trying to inspire or instigate some sort of threat against a sitting president and vice president of the United States, that potentially is a crime?
  Yes.
  Pardon me.
  Yes, you're correct.
  But there are several steps with that.
  They have to be witnessed and someone has to call in.
  Someone has to say that, yes, this is what was said.
  But you are absolutely correct.
  It is against the law to make threats towards a protectee.
  Yeah, and presumably his lawyers told him he better delete that post on X, formerly known as Twitter.
  Cheryl, let me follow up on what's going on now.
  What specific challenges does securing a site like a huge golf course... Alright, that's enough.
  I remember when the shooter, I forget his name, we'll pull it up, Steve Scalise, James Hodgkinson, tried to go kill
  That conservative caucus at the baseball game, you know, where'd it go?
  He's waiting.
  Big lebtard.
  I remember Will Blitzer saying, some are saying he's a monster.
  No, he's not a monster.
  He was doing what he thought was right.
  I mean, these people are sick.
  They want somebody else to do the violence for him, you see.
  All right, let me give the number out.
  I forgot to do that.
  On the World War III escalations, on the attempted assassination of Trump, on 49 days left of the election, what should Trump do?
  Should he keep putting himself out there?
  He's going to win.
  Discretion is a greater part of valor.
  This is a huge topic area.
  Election 2024, 49 days out.
  Democrats say they're going to create civil war conditions if Trump wins.
  What do we do peacefully to stop this?
  And now we pray for Trump, but we take action as well.
  We spread the word, we get people to vote.
  You have cameras with you, you know, with your phone, you document anything that happens.
  We're entering the time of false flags.
  Definitely if I was them and I studied them, I know their mind will stage false flags to blame Trump supporters, mass shootings, bombings, you name it.
  Expanded wars, cyber attacks they're claiming Trump supporters are going to do, because they think we're going to lose the election, they say.
  No, you're going to lose.
  We're not the ones trying to have violence.
  You are.
  We're not the ones that want crises.
  The toll-free number to join us on this live Monday edition is 877-789-2539.
  877-789-2539.
  And if any law enforcement from Florida or particularly Palm Beach area or Mar-a-Lago calling, you go right to the head of the line.
  877-789-2539.
  I probably should have just said just law enforcement at first so they can get in, but whatever.
  I already opened the barn door here.
  Or Pandora's boxes, they say.
  So 877-789-2539.
  877-789-Alex.
  And we're going to be taking your calls live and unfiltered.
  All I ask for is a good, clean phone line.
  Want to tell us where you're calling from or how you're listening, that's fine.
  But just, boom, we'd love to hear from you.
  877-789-ALEX.
  All right.
  As we line up those callers, I want to tell you some of the different things we're going to be hitting here today.
  New York City subway murders soar 60% since Biden got in, as nationwide data backs up Trump on crime spike under Biden-Harris.
  But that's local crime numbers.
  The FBI now suppresses those the last three and a half years, saying crime is flat because they don't include the largest, over 100 of them, cities and towns in it.
  Total manipulation.
  Also continuing, we now learn that the woman's public and her affidavit in the law firm is there.
  She does work at ABC News.
  That there is an ABC News whistleblower and indeed they were given the questions before time the Democrats and they did gang up on Trump and now it's being reported that both moderators were paid $1 million for their work.
  More on that coming up.
  Huge win!
  Pennsylvania Supreme Court rules to disqualify undated, misdated mail-in ballots, overriding the lower court.
  Big victory for integrity in elections.
  Germany enforces border to appease far-right.
  EU enraged that the populist conservatives are starting to win elections and don't want just unlimited, totally open borders to an Islamic quote slash North African invasion.
  We've got a lot of other key information that we're going to be getting to as well today.
  But I love some of the memes that have been coming out.
  Look at this one of your TV viewer.
  It's got a
  Two-sided, I guess, Venn diagrams, what those are.
  On one side, it's got an image of Trump for radio listeners.
  I'm describing it.
  It says bullets.
  In the middle, it says dodging.
  And on Kamala's side, it says interviews.
  So she's dodging interviews.
  He's dodging bullets.
  I reposted that on Real Alex Jones on X. Time Magazine published literally the day
  After it happened, they had this ready four days ago, an image of Trump that's fake, photoshopped in a sand trap, and it says, in trouble.
  Well, he was really going to be in trouble if he would have been killed yesterday by the assassin that knew right where to be.
  Continuing on that line, before we go to your calls, Infowars.com to tell report, Trump assassin wrote 300-page screen calling for Trump's assassination and nuclear war.
  I suggest you go read this.
  It's got excerpts and then a link to his book that's sold on Amazon where he says nuclear war will cleanse humanity.
  He says he hates both parties but really hates Trump and the MAGA people.
  We've got all these videos of him in Ukraine and outside recruiting and how loving the Ukrainians are and how it's just such a war of peace and how nuclear weapons should be used.
  That dovetails of course with
  Different Hollywood folks, like Sean Penn saying, we shouldn't be intimidated to use nuclear weapons against Russia.
  Let's do it.
  Yeah, that'll just end the world.
  All over the latest thing, the money laundering operation that is, that is Ukraine.
  Son of alleged would-be assassin Ryan Wesley Roth says his dad hates Trump like all reasonable people, but he's never owned a gun and wouldn't do anything bad.
  Bleep crazy.
  Funny, I've got all his huge rap sheet.
  It's always dropped.
  Including weapon of mass destruction, machine guns, you name it.
  I've got his huge rap sheet right here.
  From the California Department of Adult Correction Offender Public Information.
  Want to go over it?
  We will, coming up.
  And then we've got all the posts on his ex-account on Facebook, how much he loves Kamala and loves Biden and loves, now, Walz, and how much he hates Republicans and hates Trump, and he wants Hillary Clinton running with Joe Biden.
  It's all the CIA.
  They're posting this, not him.
  It's all auto-posted.
  Your campaign should be called something like K-A-D-A-F, Keep America Democratic Free.
  Trump should be MASA, Make American Slaves Again Master.
  Democracy is on the ballot.
  We cannot lose.
  We cannot afford to fail.
  The world is counting on us to show the way.
  Musk should release who's really in control of his account.
  They admit on there it's direct connections to the CIA.
  That's who he follows.
  And it just goes on and on and on and on from there.
  This guy is a real, real piece of work.
  Very outspoken how much he hated Trump.
  But right now, let's go ahead and go to your phone calls.
  We have Jay in New Mexico, retired police officer on the new shooter.
  Miss Lou in Florida.
  Jesse in Reno.
  We got Peter.
  We got Jordan.
  We got Lorraine.
  We got Larry.
  We got Jim.
  We got Action in Texas.
  Now let's go to Jay in New Mexico first, then to Action in Texas.
  Jay, what is your take as a retired police officer on what you've seen here?
  Yeah, so I retired most of my career as a narcotics detective.
  And the way things work is pretty simple.
  If I catch somebody with a decent amount of dope, it's go home or go to jail.
  A lot of them choose to go home.
  They don't want to go to jail.
  So what happens then is I flip them.
  They're my informant.
  Now they got to go work for me.
  So if this guy's been arrested for possession of explosive devices or weapons of mass destruction, if he's been arrested for felon in possession of a firearm, it's very simple.
  They flip them.
  He's working for them.
  So what they need to do, Congress, they need to straight up ask the powers that be, the FBI director, everybody else, is this guy an informant?
  I guarantee he's on the book somewhere.
  And by the way, I don't know if you've looked at it yet.
  I posted it on X. He's got a giant rap sheet, and the first bust is in the early 2000s, 2002, for weapon of mass destruction.
  Then it's machine guns, guns.
  And what happens is local police keep catching him doing shady stuff, but time and time again he gets bailed out.
  And so either he's an informant for the feds, as you said, and then they tell him to leave him alone, or it's the CIA or both.
  What do you think?
  I think he's a federal informant.
  I mean, that's the way it works.
  They bust him, and then he comes through.
  He gave them something, and then it's alright.
  Do you want to stay on the team?
  Do you want to continue to make money?
  I mean, it's the same thing I've done all of my career.
  So they say, yeah, I want to be part of Team America.
  Okay, so then they start paying them.
  They give them a confidential informant number.
  Sometimes they give them a fake name for him to sign his receipts.
  Long story short, he's a snitch.
  Guaranteed.
  This is what I've done.
  And Congress needs to address it.
  So, A, does he have a confidential informant number?
  Is he informant?
  Has he been paid?
  All of these questions need to be asked.
  Or a little less than a year ago in January of this year, 10 months ago, he put an image of a bullet hole through a windshield and then money counting up to 47, meaning he's not going to be President Trump.
  Now Soros has come out today and his dad's basically not on this planet anymore like Biden.
  Soros is in command of the criminal syndicate that controls most of the DAs around the country.
  Who was filming Trump earlier on the golf course?
  How did MSNBC get through?
  That's another question.
  But here's the question of the statement of Alexander Soros.
  I'm grateful that Donald Trump is safe.
  Political violence is never acceptable, and we must all stand united against it.
  What do you make of that, Jay?
  And what do you make of the shooter, the would-be assassin, magically showing up right where Trump would be, parking his car and walking up, and then there's Trump.
  I mean, this stinks to high heaven.
  Hold on, Jay.
  Jay, don't hang up.
  I gotta go to break.
  It's a hard break.
  Stay there.
  Don't hang up.
  I'll come right back to you, Jay, in New Mexico.
  Thank you, Jay.
  And I'm gonna move fast for everybody else.
  Please stay with us.
  Great callers.
  Thank you for your expertise, sir.
  This bad boy is the number one seller at thealexjonestore.com.
  Rebellion to tyrants is obedience to God.
  Folks love it.
  I love it.
  I love wearing this out in public, and it also lets the globals to let us know we are standing up against them, and we know who they serve, and we know who we serve.
  The black rock globalist controlled left, from academia to the media, is obsessed with bullying you into silence because their ideas are illegal and unpopular.
  And if you simply speak up, it's game over.
  So stop thinking it's just Alex Jones or Tucker Carlson or Donald Trump's gonna save the world.
  It's all of us together.
  And wearing t-shirts in public that promote freedom is key.
  It doesn't just show our enemies we're awake.
  Other people see it and realize how popular freedom is.
  So ladies and gentlemen, it's a win-win.
  Get great shirts at TheAlexJonesStore.com, fund the operations, invite the tyrants at Point Lake Range, and meet like-minded people, and spread the word in the third dimension.
  Take action now, and don't let the left silence you.
  TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  And we're talking to Jay, a retired narcotics detective in New Mexico, stating the obvious, but with his expertise adding to it.
  I want to just say this.
  I went off what the Secret Service and police said that they believe he popped right in and tried to take the shot yesterday in Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach and killed Trump.
  But now it's being reported accused Trump gunman Ray Wesley Roth
  Hidden sniper's nest for nearly 12 hours before he was spotted by Secret Service.
  Why are they not doing patrols even with private security every hour around the damn place?
  I mean, give me a break, people.
  This is just ridiculous.
  Trump either gets real security or he goes to a bunker.
  This is BS.
  Jay finished the point I was asking about.
  I mean, this is even more obvious.
  What the hell is he doing for 12 hours in the woods
  Well, there's a term we use in investigations called totalitarianism.
  I think so.
  ...would conclude that there's a conspiracy going on.
  And on top of Butler, I mean, my goodness, they admit now there was a stand-down.
  They lied to Congress and they're covering up.
  Yeah, and the reason they're saying is because he's not a sitting president, but who's the biggest threat to get shot?
  Is it Biden or is it Trump?
  And honestly, there's no threat to shoot Obama, but I guarantee he has better security.
  So it doesn't make any sense.
  And it's Biden, through Mayorca, still refusing good security to Trump.
  Opening the door right there.
  Yeah, I honestly don't see how the Democrat constituents aren't getting upset themselves.
  I mean, they're getting lied to and it's obvious.
  They should be mad at their own people at this point.
  Thank you for the call.
  Great points.
  All right, that was a great call.
  We spent a lot of time with him, but no matter how good you are, I got to go fast because I want to get to the next great person.
  Action in Texas.
  Trump, new shooting.
  What do you make of it?
  The problem there is, at that point in time, I mean, it's just, that's not a coincidence.
  I believe there's somebody deep inside
  Yeah, but you might be right, but look.
  One guy got killed, three got wounded, including Trump in Butler.
  I mean, there's no shooter in the world that can near miss and graze somebody's ear like that from 150 yards.
  Yeah, but what I will say, if you don't mind, if everyone could at least on Wednesday, midweek, just do a fast.
  If you can fast one or two days, let's fast one or two days.
  We start on Wednesdays and we just... No, the Bible says if we'll pray and fast, God will move.
  I agree.
  In fact, I'm already doing intermittent fasting.
  Hell, I'll fast Wednesday.
  Let's do it, brother.
  Thank you for the call.
  Move quick now.
  Jim in Arizona, you're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Yes, sir.
  Those of us who have experienced
  In Europe, with socialists and communists understand that the Department of Interior is the most powerful organ of government.
  9-11 was done to create the Patriot Act and the Department of Homeland Security.
  The NSA and the CIA is not in charge.
  Everything is happening from Homeland Security
  I'd like you to talk about continuity of government at some point because Mayorkas becomes president under a state of emergency.
  That's the first point.
  No, you're right.
  I mean, it goes back to like the Soviets and their internal GRU or, you know, Shin Bet internally in Israel or the Victorian Guard in ancient Rome.
  You're absolutely right about that.
  But you have to understand the CIA and 47 runs it.
  They put all that in place.
  And they put the national security system in, and they already say we're in a national emergency.
  They re-declare it every year, and that's how they're operating like that, they believe, legally.
  But you're absolutely right.
  You're dead on.
  And Mayorkas is the one doing the direct stand-down for Trump to have real Secret Service.
  And we already know how they're doing it.
  I mean, forget about looking for a mole.
  We already know.
  They're using System to listen to his phone.
  Trump, Don Jr., if you're listening, your phones are tapped, you idiots!
  Go analog.
  Everything has to be face-to-face, mouth-to-mouth.
  And a second quick point on Russia.
  Russia will attempt to present facts on the ground.
  I would expect them to try and roll west of the river all the way to Lviv before the election.
  Those are the two things I had to say, sir.
  Love ya.
  The body stuff is awesome.
  Thank you, brother.
  Thanks for the call.
  Smart caller, Robot in Maryland.
  Robot, you're on the air.
  Good afternoon, Alex.
  I just want to congratulate.
  Amazing interview with Glenn Beck this weekend.
  That was really super informative and just personal with you.
  Really enjoyed that.
  Well, let's talk about this.
  You know, if you go back to the week before Butler, the press conference with Joe Biden, there was a particular, I sent it to Chase on X, a particular question from a European interviewer.
  He specifically said about European fears.
  He basically made the reverse engineered the case of why Donald Trump cannot become president.
  That was days before Butler.
  And I feel like the more I watch that interview, it just plugs into everything we see now.
  Second, I'd like to know how a convicted felon, we're talking about he had a firearm, he's being charged.
  Well, if he was a convicted felon, we need to look at
  How he got that passport and what means that went through, because if he was a convicted felon with a firearm and a weapon of mass destruction, that passport got approved for the travel.
  Lastly, looking quickly at that firearm, to me, that usually looks like something that comes more through Turkey, Eastern European crime gangs, Estonians, Ukrainians.
  You really know what you're talking about, because I'm quite the gun enthusiast, and yeah, the Russians usually put everything out in wood, but everybody else puts it out in that composite black, and it does look more like an Eastern European or Bulgarian or Hungarian rig.
  Correct.
  And they end up actually in the D.C.
  area quite a bit.
  It was more of the early 2000s, but they still do through there.
  But it was all through Turkey, but it's the Eastern European.
  Ukrainians just as much as some of the other states.
  Yeah, the Turks make great guns.
  I've got a MP5 Zenith, and it works great, just like the German one I've got, Heckler.
  Let me ask you a question.
  When I saw this, oddly the first thing that went through my mind, how much of this is also a warning shot to Kamala, now with the Cheney endorsement,
  Just as much as a statement because it's obvious now who he's involved with.
  This is about Ukraine.
  Oh yeah, it's the war party and they're going to war and that's their policy to keep control of the West is the crisis.
  The Pentagon is saying a 20 to 30 year war.
  So is NATO.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  And last thing, the nitric force.
  People are not giving us enough props for, I know, cellular respiration.
  It helps with your workouts.
  It's great for your overall circulation, healthier body.
  But I think it's understated.
  This stuff is a straight zipper ripper.
  The sexual performance benefits of that nitric force, that weapon of ass destruction, brother.
  I appreciate your call.
  Yeah, we didn't sell Nitric Boost.
  You know, as like a herbal Viagra, okay?
  But it's simple.
  Three years ago, I'm looking at the top-selling brand with the highest ratings of a bunch of known healthy herbs that clean out the blood and help your arteries, veins, and capillaries.
  And so we went and private-labeled the top seller.
  That's all.
  And so people love it.
  Most of our stuff is just private-labeled whatever's top-rated.
  Or we'll take it and even make it stronger, like the turmeric.
  So, that's all we do.
  And it works, and just in the department.
  For men, you will experience it.
  Everybody does.
  But that's not what it's for.
  Imagine what else it's doing to your arteries, your heart, your brain, your veins and capillaries.
  I mean, get it.
  The InfoWars MD line is all excellent.
  InfoWarsStore.com.
  I mean, I'm not hyping this.
  I sell stuff that I want to work, so you get it again.
  This stuff is incredible.
  Our CBD's off the chart.
  InfowarsMD, Infowars.com.
  All right, let's go to Larry in Florida.
  Larry, you're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Hey, Alex.
  How we doing?
  First off, I want to say keep fighting the good fight, brother.
  Appreciate everything you're doing for our country.
  I saw something today.
  A friend of mine sent me.
  It's by Downtown Press.
  It is an animation.
  It's a news article.
  It's an animation.
  The illustration is a gun being held.
  To Trump's head saying, stop calling these assassination attempts.
  Firearms are shot every day and every second in the country.
  One just happened to be near Trump.
  That is a massive indicator to, you know, how things are going.
  It's nothing new, but, you know, like the first caller, Jay, had said, everything you said was correct up until the point to where he had mentioned Congress needs to hammer this.
  They need to talk about where this came from.
  You know, to reference Congress, what have they done as far back as Kennedy to Gary Webb to 9-11?
  What have they done for the people in reference to American citizenry looking to find answers to corruption and violence within the country?
  That's the real root of the issue.
  You know, along with that, incentivizing the populace to not only vote, but vote intellectually and with unbiased pragmatism and not through this emotional logos that the left and the neocon right, which I think are just as bad, push.
  Where everything is emotional.
  There's no thought that goes into it.
  There's no pragmatism.
  Well, I mean, that's 1984 of the 10 minutes of hate.
  You're absolutely correct.
  And, you know, another thing with that is the aggregate IQ of America, the aggregate populace has dropped.
  It's shockingly low.
  You know, it's if you look at, if you watch Forrest Gump.
  Fluoride has no way of doing that.
  Do you know how much since fluoridation began our IQs dropped 15 points on average?
  And then the feds admit, oh, we made you retarded.
  And we're like, okay, thank you very much.
  And by the way, the shot kills you.
  Thank you.
  And, uh, you know, basically the point of what I'm getting at is you have to incentivize citizens to be informed.
  You have to make that something that people want to do.
  You know, it's, it's like taxes back in the Roman era.
  Taxes was looked at as, it was an incentive to make you look like a better person because you were providing more of your wealth to the people.
  Now, I'm not saying taxes are the answer because I think they're not at all, but you have to- Well, yeah, let's be clear.
  In the Roman Republic, they made rich people pay because they owned all these countries and plantations and had money, and so they used it to control the domestic population, but you're damn right.
  Today, they basically tax poor people and the middle class, but don't tax the ultra-rich because they write the laws.
  Well yeah, and you know, the facts checking was a huge issue during the debate.
  I know you won't agree with this.
  Despite what people say, I look at you as an inherent optimistic person, inherently optimistic.
  I do not have the faith in him winning this election that I did, simply looking at the numbers of the fraud that they would have only gotten better at since the last election.
  And the number of illegals.
  They're not illegal immigrants.
  Well, here's the deal.
  I'm not cutting you off because I disagree with you.
  I mean, I can see your point.
  I'm cutting you off because you've been on three minutes.
  I've got to get to everybody else.
  But thank you.
  It would take an hour to debate you on that.
  But they've pulled millions and millions and millions and millions of illegals and dead people off the ballots in battleground states everywhere.
  And in places like Texas that aren't battlegrounds.
  And they just pulled a million one hundred thousand off.
  They're about to pull another half a million off.
  The word is tomorrow.
  I don't know what you're talking.
  I mean, the Supreme Court's all over the place.
  They're saying you can't have these ballots days after.
  You can't do this crap.
  A key battleground, Pennsylvania?
  That's it today.
  This morning.
  So, we're gonna find out, brother.
  We're gonna find out.
  And I hope you're wrong.
  You might be right.
  They wouldn't be trying to kill him over and over again if they didn't think they were gonna lose, okay?
  That's why I know I'm right.
  But don't think we... Just because it's a landslide, we gotta beat the fraud.
  It's like our wave's coming in and it's 50 feet tall.
  And the seawall is 40 feet.
  We're just gonna barely make it over the top.
  In my view.
  We'll find out in 49 days.
  Peter in Washington, you're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Alex, it's great to wake up today and be able to hear your clear voice on what happened yesterday.
  My greatest fear is they get Trump, and the next morning I wake up and Alex Jones is gone, and Jack Posobiec is gone, and Tucker's gone.
  They're going to roll you guys up, and you've got an opportunity to move, to test the limits, to try to travel, see what's going on.
  Because if you want to help Trump and you want to prevent World War III, you've got to think about the day after they succeed.
  And then you will reduce the chance of something happening to Trump, and you will dramatically reduce the chance of World War III.
  I think about this a lot, and the analogy I would use is the first Star Wars installment of New Hope, when they're back at the Gabon base at the moon, and they launch the 30 small fighters they've got.
  With a super hard suicide mission, and here comes the Death Star out of warp, and it's now orbiting the planet to fire on the moon, and I'm literally sitting here watching the listeners, the activists, and Trump's out there in his X-Wing, and I feel like I'm in a command base, and I'm watching the Death Star orbit, and it's about to be cleared to fire.
  Don't think for a minute I don't know that, but we're all done anyways.
  So I'm not really thinking about defense very much.
  I've gotten some extra solar panels and sat phones and polished up the guns and gone out to the shooting range and talked to family about rallying points.
  Normally, I spend 100% of my time offensively.
  I've been spending 10% of my time on defense because of that.
  But the best defense is a good offense.
  And so you're right.
  I mean, they've said they're coming after everybody.
  And so this is literally I'm sitting here at the Rebel base watching the Death Star orbit the planet while the X-Wings are attacking the Death Star.
  Okay, and I'm watching the X-Wings blow up.
  I mean, I'm watching Jay Sixers go to jail, Steve Bannon in prison.
  I mean, believe me, I'm watching in orbit, right?
  It'll be clear to fire here in like 40-something days.
  So believe me, I got it, brother.
  Yeah, just, well, think about Scott Ritter.
  Tried to fly, they took his passport, pulled him off the plane.
  If you could find out before the fact, that'd send a really clear message to Trump.
  Well, you say find out before the fact.
  I mean, I'm going to Reading, Pennsylvania.
  I'm speaking with Tucker and Jack Posobiec on Monday, and I'm doing that.
  So, I mean, I don't think they're going to... Look, look, look.
  They're trying to kill Trump.
  That's their big target right now.
  You're right.
  If they get him, we're the secondary target.
  It's like a nuclear war.
  You got the first, you know, 20 or 30 top military base and missile field targets and submarines.
  And once you've hit those, then you get secondary targets and then third targets.
  So I'm a secondary target.
  I appreciate your call.
  Let's go ahead and I'm just here in the bunker and we got our X-Wings attacking and then that's it.
  So I'll be right here at my post no matter what happens.
  Tim in Michigan, you're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Hey, Captain Alex.
  How you doing?
  All right, brother.
  Go ahead.
  Yeah, so pretty much basically I just see these attempts escalating as they get more desperate.
  They tried two shooters now and like you said, they could throw a truck bomb.
  Yeah, exactly.
  Exactly.
  Just almost like you play a little bit more defensively in a way, too.
  And like you mentioned earlier, I just bought a nice tactical Mossberg that I gotta take out, test out a little bit.
  So, I'm playing it just like you.
  Yeah, and again, the best defense is the offense.
  We've got to stop the globalists, or they're coming for us regardless at some other time.
  And Trump's not going to be a panacea either.
  We've all got to get serious, engaged, like the left does, and peacefully, through the system, take over the institutions, the corporations, the media, the academia, the medical system.
  And it's happening.
  We're building our new system right now all over the world.
  The globalists know that.
  That's why they're in total panic mode.
  Thank you, sir.
  Alright, let's go ahead now and talk to Mike in Virginia on U.N.
  invasion.
  Yeah, they're openly in the news and Democrats and world leaders saying, oh, it's no big deal.
  We'll just put U.N.
  troops in America during civil unrest or another pandemic.
  They're saying it.
  The U.N.
  saying it.
  This isn't old timers 30 years ago telling me this was happening.
  This is happening there.
  I mean, hell is coming under World War Three.
  If we don't stop it, Mike in Virginia.
  Yeah, I called a couple of weeks ago about that story with the
  North America Union?
  Yes.
  I talked about all these millions of illegals that they have in the country at the moment.
  That is an asset to them.
  Oh, they've got phones?
  Most of them are military men?
  They're in brigades?
  Absolutely.
  Yeah, that is an asset and they will use it.
  I believe
  It's possible for them to bring it up.
  I don't think it's possible.
  They're planning on it.
  Here's the deal.
  I remember your call.
  You're dead on.
  We're not in Kansas anymore.
  Look around you.
  This is the time in history, it's got chills, when major changes happen.
  The globalists are saying that.
  They are making their move, not just on us, but the whole world right now.
  COVID was a big salvo.
  Now, war with Russia is the next big salvo.
  You're dead on, so what do we do about it?
  Well, I asked your crew to bring up a map.
  Okay.
  Can you see the screen?
  See the red and the blue?
  Each person needs to go and contact their state representatives and let them know what is coming and how they can get together to stave this off.
  And you're talking about a map you're pulling.
  We can't see what you're pulling up, but let me just say this.
  We have to get past the normalcy bias.
  People are finally ready to hear the truth.
  I agree.
  The state attorney generals that are good are awake now.
  They're fighting the globalists, the UN, the open borders, the new world order, they get it.
  Military, police at the ground level are awake.
  And so we've got to just start telling everybody the enemy's going to stage false flags and go completely crazy, cyber attacks, so folks know, whatever they pull, that it's an enemy takeover.
  I appreciate your call.
  We control the ground already in America.
  It's just as important to have a gun as it is to grow a garden.
  More important to have a relationship with Jesus Christ.
  Get your ass in gear and get your soul pointed at God right now.
  I mean, I cannot believe the situation we're in.
  I mean, I knew it was always coming.
  I knew they'd try it.
  But this isn't Alex Jones 30-something years ago or old-timers 60 years ago who predicted it all.
  Everybody's like, oh God, Alex is all coming true.
  I don't even care about that.
  Listen to me now about what's coming next.
  This is all we do.
  This is what I do.
  I'm getting chills right now.
  I mean, this is just horrible.
  They're about to start raining missiles down on Russia, our government.
  This is crazy time.
  This is crazy land.
  This is world domination.
  This is a new system coming in.
  Their old system's going down.
  They need to be on top when the new system comes in, or they all go to prison.
  They're not going to try to give up power lightly.
  But submitting to them is even worse.
  Christian, New Jersey, thanks for holding your own here worldwide.
  Yes, sir.
  First of all, A-plus on cognitive security that you put out.
  We should hijack that term, or you shouldn't put out a t-shirt.
  Uh, but with Pennsylvania, uh, if they got him, they would have been fine with it with the lone shooter, but also they brought out a drone and C4.
  So that, that combination could be a future hit.
  Another combination or another thing could be a shoulder launched missile and blame the Iranians and a plus on your products.
  Uh, be careful, uh, of mold.
  You do have natural flavors.
  They, uh, they lower the IQ.
  They cause the mitochondria in your brain.
  Well, let me just say this.
  I'm not a scientist, but I read what they all say.
  It's been over 50 years, but because it doesn't help the medical system, it just wants money and people sick.
  The average doctor's good, but on top, they're bad folks.
  The average nurse is good, but what they're told to do is bad, and doctors come on and explain that here, even Dr. Drew last week.
  There is so much mold and fungus and weird mutations of it because of all the buildings we've got now and things, that it does get in the lungs, it does get in the brain, it does grow.
  And one of the things we're working on with some scientists, there's already some products out there, are systems that naturally, not just probiotic, but systems that get into your body and remove mold and funguses.
  Well, what I said was moles.
  People who are in the food supply that are putting things in your supply chain.
  And the one thing that's in there that's dangerous, it's not mold.
  I was talking about molds.
  People that knowingly are putting natural flavors in some of your product.
  Oh, you're right!
  I mean, that's all come out of the...
  You think the cigarette makers are bad?
  It's the same group.
  Big Pharma owns big, big, big food.
  They're putting all sorts of toxic crap that's very addictive in the food.
  Great point.
  Thanks for the call.
  Did you know R-Stik's addictive?
  People used to be addicted to that.
  Most poisons become addictive because your body learns how to control it, if it's in low doses, and then gets addicted to that chemical process.
  All right, we're gonna go to break.
  We're gonna come back with a part of my Glenn Beck interview where we talk about the assassination coming up.
  They're gonna try to kill Trump.
  They're coming for everybody else after that.
  Then, Elijah Schaefer's on with us.
  He'll be able to also take your calls on the huge subject of World War III, of the attempted Trump assassination, a bunch of topics he's got great...
  Talk show host, good friend of mine.
  It's all coming up.
  But you heard listeners talk about Nitric Boost and how amazing it is, and Body's Ultimate Turmeric Formula, and the InfoWars MD line of CBD, tincture, and gummies.
  Highest quality, lowest price you're going to find.
  Does amazing things for inflammation and your whole body.
  InfoWars MD line and more at InfoWarsStore.com.
  InfoWarsStore.com.
  We need your support.
  Plus, they're great products.
  If I'm going to keep people from uprising, I'm going to kill comms.
  It's the first thing you do.
  That's how you control chaos.
  When they have 50 plus senators on the left getting saxons in case there's a crisis, you should worry about it.
  Water filtration, firearms, food, that's all great.
  But if you don't have communications, you've got to get these things.
  They're easy to use, but you've got to start using them so you're proficient.
  This stuff is going to go quick.
  You want to go to Infowarsphone.com.
  You want to check these products out and you want to get ready.
  Listen, Ukraine, when Ukraine popped off, the phones were backed up for almost nine months.
  But as soon as this thing pops off and your communication's down, you're not going to get a sat phone.
  At that time, it's game over.
  Game over, man!
  Game over!
  Get your power, your power generator, your backup power generator, your solar panels.
  Get your house in order.
  If you just do little things, and lots of us do it, many hands make light work.
  So, folks, you go to InfoWarsPhone.com.
  That way, as a sponsorship, we get support, get the very same prices that are on the site.
  In fact, in some cases, better deals.
  You can also call 941-246-9000.
  2156, 941-246-2156.
  They've got everything in stock, including their new hottest item, the Faraday cage bullet resistant backpack that is so amazing.
  Heavy duty.
  This is what people need.
  I can get a Garmin that's also using satellite, a bivy stick.
  I can get the secure phone because I want my messaging and my stuff.
  I don't want my phones being hacked.
  Also for privacy reasons, right?
  For the fact that I don't want my communication out there.
  I want my banking information protected.
  I want my will, trust.
  All these things that you save on that phone is not hackable.
  You know, it's not.
  It's there that's being protected.
  One more time, folks.
  You need to get prepared.
  He's just here talking about it.
  He's an expert.
  It's our great sponsor.
  One of the top sellers in the world.
  Top in the U.S.
  Satellite phone company.
  If you go to InfoWarsPhone.com, then we get sponsorship support.
  Just goes right to their website.
  Redirects there.
  You need it all.
  Get it at InfoWarsPhone.com.
  Steve, thank you so much for your time.
  I got a great way for you to keep InfoWars on the air, and regardless what happens in InfoWars, keep me on the air, and that's TheAlexJonesStore.com, a new key URL for you to mark down.
  I've teamed up with the folks that make a lot of the top-selling Trump shirts in the country.
  They've got the best t-shirt designers, Bigley.
  If you go to TheAlexJonesStore.com,
  That's separate from InfoWars.
  That's key to support.
  Into the future, whatever happens here.
  30 plus amazing new t-shirt designs.
  New ones being added every day.
  They're incredible.
  Trump shirts.
  You name it.
  TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  And every time you buy a shirt or 30 plus different great designs of Patriot ball caps, you get entered 5 or 10 times depending on the day.
  It's different every day.
  Into the raffle to get $10,000 cash.
  Halloween's when the prize is announced, the winner, and a $138,000 turbo diesel, super deluxe, off-road upgraded, the best truck you can get, over-the-top, turbo diesel engine, AEV standard features, and then it's all upgraded.
  I tried to go over, take an hour, the best tires, the best shocks, the best systems.
  It's a 2024 Ram Prospector AEV Dodge turbo diesel.
  Army green, black, and red pinstripe.
  Ready for you.
  When you buy something, you can enter five or ten times, depending on what promo they're running that day, in the raffle.
  All at thealexjonestore.com.
  But the t-shirts, the reason to go there, keep us on air.
  And these are badass shirts.
  They've got over 30 incredible t-shirt designs.
  I think there's more now.
  They're adding more every day at thealexjonestore.com.
  They're designer.
  They're high quality.
  They're all there.
  Some of the M4's classics, they updated, made even better.
  A lot of new, incredible designs.
  A lot of Alex Jones shirts.
  A lot of Trump shirts.
  It's all there at thealexjonestore.com.
  We need your aid.
  We need your support.
  Plus, he's a great shirt.
  He'll meet like-minded people.
  It spreads the word.
  So, it's exciting to wear these out in public.
  Most people will agree with you and love you.
  You'll meet so many friends.
  Go to thealexjonestore.com.
  We need your support.
  No excuses.
  Take action at thealexjonestore.com.
  Thank you.
  Enter to win right now at thealexjonestore.com.
  I'll leave it with this.
  What's coming?
  For America?
  Yeah, what's coming in the next, you know, with the election, I mean, I can't see a good way that goes, no matter who wins.
  I can't see, because we no longer have a country where we give each other the benefit of the doubt.
  We're not going to walk away from this and say, oh, well, you know, that was fair and square.
  If Trump wins, I can't imagine that the left and the WEF, and with all of the power and money that's at stake,
  I can't imagine that he makes it to the Oval again.
  I totally agree, and to answer your key question, I'll have a little bit of time, because this is so important, Glenn.
  I don't say this because it's about me.
  You ask what's coming, if he loses or wins.
  I didn't tell you about the five grand juries they've had open on me, trying to indict me for all sorts of little weird business stuff, and they couldn't, by the grace of God.
  I'm not like, John Gotti, hey, you didn't get me.
  I'm like, I'm innocent, this is crazy.
  And they're trying that on everybody.
  So, if they're able to steal the election from Trump, or kill him,
  Mm-hmm.
  If they can get Trump, and he's right when he says they're not trying to get me there, they've got to get through me to get to you, you better believe that Tucker Carlson, Glenn Beck, Alex Jones, Joe Rogan's getting more hardcore, and I know Joe, and so I'm not going to get into inside baseball, but I know these... RFK?
  No, RK.
  Tulsi Gabbard.
  They are... I said this before they tried to kill Trump, I said they're imminently going to try to shoot him days before.
  I don't know.
  Rogan, RFK Jr., and I don't mean just go after us with the regular stuff.
  No.
  Because this is a real criminal regime, and we know the State Department now was involved with the voting machines and getting Bolsonaro indicted and getting Bolsonaro kicked off the ballot.
  It's all the same.
  And helping the Brazilian government go after Elon Musk now.
  Exactly.
  Oh God, I didn't say Elon Musk.
  Okay, I'm glad you said that.
  Yeah, and Elon Musk.
  This is the order of who they need to get, because this is who's the biggest.
  And I've said this on air, and it's not about, you know, a weenie measuring contest.
  It's like, I kind of like to be kind of like not, you know, because they saw me in 2016.
  I'd like to not be on this list.
  Exactly.
  They saw me as the biggest thing other than Trump 2016.
  I was not.
  Your show was bigger.
  It's not about measuring.
  It's just true.
  So, so, but they picked me as like the big double.
  So it goes, Trump and Elon Musk, you can't say who they hate more.
  I think they're like twin things here, twin stars.
  And then you've got the Rogans, Glenn Becks, Tucker Carlsons, and then you've got, you know, Alex Jones and the Russell Brands and all that stuff.
  And of course, RFK is kind of, you know, up there on his own thing, but he's, you know, he's not.
  A direct threat to them, but I think he's pissed them off so much.
  Yeah.
  That, you know.
  Yeah, so we're not up here like saying this like, hey, we're on the, you know, it's like when John Hancock signed his name so big.
  Oh, I. He knew what he was doing.
  And I'm telling you, this is this is the game time.
  So.
  So, yeah, I mean, well, I'll ask Glenn Beck his own question.
  I mean, I think Trump's right.
  We are doomed pretty much.
  I mean, barring a miracle, we saw a miracle
  I think this is the last exit America can take.
  If we don't take this exit and turn back to God, turn back to the Constitution, we're done.
  And we get everything we deserve.
  Absolutely.
  You know, you look at the silencing campaign that is going on right now in Brazil, in Europe, in England, and the authoritarian lust for silence from the other side.
  By the end of the next term, if it is Kamala Harris, I don't think our voices, one way or another, I don't think any dissenting voice is heard.
  Well, I've known Elijah Schaefer for years.
  He's a great talk show host, really funny guy, smart guy, and he is broadcasting out of Florida these days.
  You can find him at Elijah Schaefer on X, and the website slightlyoffensive.com, YouTube, and Rumble Slightly Offensive, and on censored.tv.
  And he's here with us right now for the hour.
  We'll also jam in some of your calls on the attempted Trump assassination yesterday and the big World War III issue.
  I mean, it's all interconnected.
  I said Friday they're going to try to kill Trump again because Biden's announcing he's going to start raining down U.S.-made cruise missiles inside Russia.
  Russia says that's an act of war, a declaration of war, which it is.
  That alone is just so insane.
  The good news is
  People are really paying attention, not just InfoWars on X or InfoWars on our site or radio stations, but a lot of other talk shows, including yourself, just exploding right now.
  You know, Roger Stone's show's been getting millions of viewers a day on X. We had over the weekend, Friday through the weekend, 60 million people on X on our live feeds.
  Wow.
  Yeah, so that's big numbers.
  That's as big as I've ever been back in the 2016-2017 era before they really tried to shut me down.
  So thank God to Elon, I want to get your take on him.
  You sent a bunch of topics that
  We're going to be going over, because I really want to hit the topics you sent, but Ryan Roath charged with only two firearm counts per CNN.
  And we've got the archives of Roath's socials.
  You sent a bunch of other topics to get to as well.
  Elijah, good to see you.
  You know what, Alex?
  Good to see you, too.
  You're looking healthy, and I'm really happy to see that the feds haven't taken Infowars out, and they haven't taken you out yet, because they are
  They are unleashed right now.
  They are going full-fledged attack, attack, attack.
  And it's not just Trump.
  We are at a point, right, with you guys, with InfoWars, the attack even on every other host, Tucker, the attacks on Elon Musk, that we're at the point where we got to ask the question not when or if they're going to actually try to kill Trump next, but if they're going to do it with a firearm.
  Because we know they're going to go after him, whether it's poison, or they're going to try to take him out with some sort of an injection, like we see Russia doing with plutonium.
  I mean, we do not know what's going to happen, but we do know that something bad is going to happen quickly.
  Yeah.
  No, I totally agree with you.
  I was going to ask Jack about that and forgot.
  I'm surprised there's two shooters in a row, but we don't know what's been going on behind the scenes.
  Guaranteed for every attempt we know about, there's others we don't.
  Well, absolutely.
  And the fact is, is that this guy was there for 12 hours in the sniper's nest, which, by the way, I think the way that we can find out if there's a mole inside of the actual Secret Service or inside his campaign is what we do is they said that his decision to go to the golf course was a last minute decision.
  So what we need to find out, because the guy was waiting for him, we know it's not a lucky guess.
  That's absolutely stupid, is did someone suggest to Trump
  Last minute, that he go play golf and he relax.
  Because if someone did suggest to him, hey, how about we change the schedule?
  How about we get back out on the golf course?
  That's how you start finding who it is inside of his team, is actually feeding the information.
  Because there's no way in hell that this was a last minute decision this guy just randomly guessed.
  And the sheriff's even saying that.
  Yeah, well, absolutely.
  And you know what's crazy is I live just 20-30 minutes south of West Palm Beach.
  And when he was last there with Netanyahu, right, the Secret Service, the police had better security in West Palm Beach for a foreign leader, a foreign dignitary, Netanyahu, than they did for the own candidate for the presidency.
  Our Secret Service is more concerned with protecting a foreign leader, Netanyahu, than President Trump.
  That's crazy.
  Every time you say Netanyahu, I think of Kanye West sitting right there going.
  I got a net, and I got my Yahoo!
  He sat right here.
  I didn't even bring my GIMP outfit, but I could've.
  Last time we hung out, I wore it.
  You liked it.
  Then you said I looked cute in it.
  I remember that.
  There you go again.
  So, yeah, I just played a clip from Thursday when I was on Glenn Beck, where I said they're imminently going to try to kill him again, and now it makes it even more imminent.
  They're going to get more and more hysterical, shoot down the plane with a surface-to-air missile, say Iran did it, truck bombing, poisoning, is what I would do if I was them.
  I wouldn't do that myself, but I'm wargaming it.
  Right.
  I mean, drone attacks.
  What are you thinking?
  Well, I mean, the drone attack would be maybe a little too obvious, but maybe we actually are too stupid to not expect that because they've gotten flagrant and blatant with their attacks.
  The gun that this guy had, from what I'm looking at, wouldn't even have been the best gun to actually take Trump out.
  So this is about causing fear, about restricting.
  Sure.
  So they're already limiting his appeal or his popularity or the appearance of it.
  And now, can he even go outside?
  I mean, are we really in a country where a candidate for the president can't move freely within the borders of our own country?
  I think we're already way past that.
  I agree with you, but here's my issue, and I study this, and I can aggregate the numbers, but everybody knows this.
  They had a big Gallup study out just two weeks ago saying 76% of all news is the internet, and most of that is just a few thousand people.
  We're amongst those.
  M4 is right up there in the top five or so, and you're right there in the top 20 or so, but it's not a competition.
  We're against the globalists, so the more of us fighting to reach people, the better, but Elon had a billion views on his Trump interview.
  And I still see J.D.
  Vance going on CNN, their average show has like 500,000 viewers, their biggest show a million.
  And Trump's like, wow, independent media is getting big.
  It's giving the mainstream media a run for its money.
  No, that was 10 years ago was a run for its money.
  Right.
  They're a joke.
  So my issue is...
  They're trying to kill him.
  They'll try to kill him inside with poison as well.
  He's got to be really careful.
  But he could do more doing roundtable discussions, podcasts, have Elon go there, do a video component in other spaces.
  He can do that every week with a billion viewers.
  And so they're spending way too much time in traditional media.
  I mean, it's obvious, but it's because he's 78 and the Republicans around him want to get the big ad buys.
  So they're going to advise him wrongly.
  And I'm just telling you,
  Rallys are great and everything, they're exciting, it gets in the local news, but it's nothing compared to him doing big interviews.
  I'm sorry, it's a bad strategy.
  Yeah, fire Chris LaCivita.
  How about getting somebody that's actually America first back into your inner circle of advisors?
  I mean, he's got Alex Brusewitz advising him as well.
  He's a young guy, he's maybe Gen Z, millennial.
  He was right there during the Elon Musk interview.
  He's a good guy.
  Listen to Alex Brusewitz.
  Why are you taking on these older people?
  Listen to Corey Lewandowski.
  Come back to what actually matters.
  But this is the problem with talking to people that are 78.
  Trump is relying on individuals for his litmus test of what he should be doing.
  I just saw today that VigilantNews.com is reporting that a whistleblower in ABC said that Kamala colluded directly with ABC.
  He's a veteran.
  It's half a day, but it's all confirmed.
  Yeah, it's all confirmed legally, and they actually concluded that Trump would be fact-checked, she wouldn't, what topics they wouldn't bring up.
  And they each got a million bucks, both moderators.
  Really?
  Yeah, it's breaking.
  Well, I'm just finding out about that right now.
  But see, that's even worse.
  My point is, Trump, what the hell are you doing to where you would even take a debate on ABC?
  Well, see, they all said, like, oh, your rallies aren't big to make him sidestep on that.
  He still responds to them too much.
  There's time to respond if something gets any traction, but most of this crap gets no traction.
  Well, yeah, but the thing is, I didn't even watch the debate.
  I think it's boring.
  I can get clips of the debate on social media afterwards, not waste my time.
  That's the only reason we watched it was the live time of the clubs.
  Exactly.
  So I'm saying, but we already have the friends.
  Yeah, our club's got 20 million views.
  We had a couple million tune into the stream.
  Well, yeah, but I'm saying, like, Trump needs to just wake up.
  This is past the time of being able to say, hey, Trump, there's time to figure your SHIT out.
  We're in a time of war.
  This is not lawfare.
  We are switching from lawfare to warfare.
  America's in a state of war.
  The globalists are being violent.
  We're winning info war.
  They want to make it violent.
  We are in a state of civil war.
  The corrupt bureaucracy against the people.
  And we better reach out to all the libtards and say, guys, inflation, open borders, fentanyl deaths, World War III, come to your senses!
  Yeah, well, you know, and that's what, you know, it makes me angry.
  You know, when I see people out there right now, this is to you, to Seth Dillon, this is to James Lindsay, to those out there trying to fight this like woke right war.
  We need to unite.
  People that love this country, if you're watching this,
  You need to talk some sense into people and say, you know what, you may not really like Trump.
  You may not like everything he says.
  Yeah, I don't like the way that he approached the vaccine.
  I don't like some of those rhetoric about not preventing a war with Iran.
  But if the deep state, if the global cabal, if the international banking, you know, you know, connection.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Conglomerate comes together and says, this guy is so dangerous to our globalist agenda that we need to try to kill him not once, not twice, but they're already planning the third time.
  Then, you know, I got to say, cut your own personal garbage out of this picture.
  Let's get together and let's make sure we get this man elected, because whatever they know that he's planning, they don't want it to happen.
  And if he's a threat to them, then I'm on his side.
  Well, that's perfectly said.
  I mean, he's the rebel, he's the black sheep, he's the avant-garde, he's the guy the system's coming after, and so are we.
  And a lot of the left loves the establishment, loves Big Pharma, loves the military industrial complex, loves war, loves pedophilia.
  It's like, they go down a list, whatever's the most evil, they love Dick Cheney now, and they still act like they're the rebels.
  Dick Cheney?
  Didn't that trip you out?
  That they're pairing up with Dick Cheney?
  Yeah.
  I mean, the guy's a dickhead and his first name is Dick.
  I mean, it's like a double whammy right there.
  They're partnering.
  That was a blood oath.
  I think that might have been an actual ritualistic exception, kind of like with a black man having to put on dresses in Hollywood to show that they're a part of it, or rappers coming out as gay now to sort of give their allegiance.
  When you align with someone like Dick Cheney and his family, and you're proud of the fact that they support you, you're not just on the opposite side of me politically.
  You're on the side of evil.
  By the way, go back to that Cheney photo.
  He looks like in Return of the Jedi when Darth Vader takes the helmet off.
  That actually was him, believe it or not.
  I mean, the guy's like, he's about 6,000 years old, so he's looked like that.
  Been injecting like baby foreskins or something.
  I don't know, man.
  This guy will not die.
  And so, I just have to sit here and I have to say, when you want the Cheneys to support you, I think Americans need to remember this.
  A million people died because of a preventable war, because of the lies of George W. Bush and the Cheneys.
  We need a sarcastic t-shirt that's just maybe a one-off limited edition that says,
  Maybe on the back, war criminals for Kamala, and like concerts, all the wars and millions they've killed.
  And on the front, just have Cheney's face and say, Cheney for Kamala.
  But liberals, what are liberals out there?
  Because I never liked liberals, but at least they were anti-censorship and anti-war.
  Now, they are just foaming at the mouth lunatics.
  Yeah, well, that's what it shows you, right?
  This is why you gotta look at the primaries in the United States, because when we talk about things, we have the illusion of election.
  I know Brett Weinstein was just talking about this on a recent podcast, that, you know, the primaries are what really matter in America, and the money that goes into the primaries ensures that the establishment pro-war, pro-Zionist candidates remain in power.
  So whether it's a military-industrial-complex-funded war in Ukraine, whether it's a pro-Zionist battle somewhere in the Middle East, it doesn't matter.
  They ensure, whether you're Republican or Democrat, that the one who gets
  Elected into their party that ends up on the ballot still pushes the global regime, right?
  You're still pushing the boundaries and the ideas of what the elites want.
  And so when we come to election time, yeah, we differ on the economy, maybe a bit on, you know, we're not even we're not even differing on abortion now.
  It's when you can kill a baby, right?
  Is it OK at eight weeks at three months?
  We've completely even lost our identity as as conservatives are on the right.
  And when you go to elect people, you're essentially electing two sides of the same coin.
  Back to the assassination attempt yesterday.
  It's like becoming like a sporting event or a duck hunt or a bull fight where Trump's the bull and they're the matador.
  It's like, okay, they tried to kill him again.
  And then I, we showed a compilation earlier that was on X. We have longer ones that are like 10 minutes long of Democrats calling for violence, calling for killing Trump.
  And I remember, we'll play the clip in a moment, that we hadn't, or whoever made it, didn't add the clips.
  We're re-uploading it to X right now or already have.
  Uh, with the former deputy director of the CIA saying the CIA is going to kill this guy and, you know, and, and other congressmen people saying that.
  So I thought we'd add a few of the clips that weren't in that clip to it.
  And then that full clip I asked for it to be put on X probably is let's, let's check for Alex Jones and see if it is the headline is.
  I don't know.
  You take on the intelligence community, they have six ways from Sunday at getting back at you.
  He is destructive to our democracy, uh, and he has to be, uh, he has to be eliminated.
  Let me give you one bottom line.
  As a former government official, government's gonna kill this guy.
  That's the CIA guy.
  You know, but what drives me crazy, Alex, is they are saying it.
  I mean, they say what they're going to do before they even do it.
  And there's still people out there who go, no, that can't be it.
  And they do that for their minions and government corporations to make them feel like they're powerful.
  But it is power.
  Like, I think people need to realize this.
  This is power.
  If you can go exercise of power.
  Yeah, and you can say, I'm going to go commit a crime against the people of my country, of the Republic of the United States.
  I'm going to inject them with poison shots.
  They do that.
  And then they laugh about it.
  I'm going to teach your kid to cut their penis off.
  Right.
  I mean, you saw the Moderna CEO, you know, back on MSNBC or CNBC saying, look, yeah, you know, as the shots are not so popular anymore for COVID, we need to go find a new product.
  So we're developing new products to meet needs at
  Hell, Hotez and the U.N.
  say, we'll just use U.N.
  troops and NATO to make you take it.
  Well, that's just Hotez.
  That's just the WHO.
  No, then the former head of Google that's super powerful, the head of Alphabet, Eric Schmidt comes out and says, we're going to use the U.N.
  in America.
  I mean, they're really doing it.
  Did you see the recent undercover footage from Mug Club where they actually were able to get one of the directors, one of the ambassadors from the UN on secret tape saying that the reason why they hate MAGA, you might be asking yourself this, is because they have a global coordinated attack to make sure that liberal democracy reigns, that any form of right-wing, individualistic, nationalistic power never comes into place.
  They want you to be a global citizen without individual rights or liberty.
  This MAGA movement, right?
  I mean, it's not necessarily conservative.
  And they go on to say 95% of what we do is pure crap.
  We're worthless.
  Right.
  Well, yeah, but the whole goal is to become a global citizen.
  I mean, and the thing is the rhetoric is real.
  It's real charge.
  Don't believe Alex Soros.
  Oh, you know, Obama, all he did yesterday?
  Just retweet Kamala saying we condemn violence, right?
  Obama didn't even say it with his own words.
  These people are angry that Trump didn't die.
  And you know what?
  If they can kill him, you better believe they've already thrown his associates in jail.
  You will be in jail.
  You will be put in prison for speaking about nationalism in under 24 months.
  By the way, I've got compilations of them saying.
  Hundreds of them.
  They're like, we need to arrest the MAGA.
  We need to outlaw it.
  Former CIA, Pentagon people saying we need to wage war on the Trump supporters once he's gone.
  We've got to exterminate this.
  We've got to drive them, you know, we've got to burn them down.
  We've got to level them.
  Hillary Clinton, remember, she said we might need to put them in some sort of camp.
  And these aren't crazy, you know, right wing or left wing anon accounts fighting.
  You're talking about Beelzebub, the spawn of Satan, Hillary Clinton.
  And the fact they're finally admitting what's been quietly being set up means they're getting ready to go with it.
  Well, yeah, and I think that's why, you know, in 2008, Alex, when I watched your Obama deception documentary, this is why you guys got to follow InfoWars.
  You have to be following this because InfoWars is not Jesus.
  They don't predict the time.
  They can't.
  They don't know the exact day on which Christ is going to return.
  But people here are working harder than almost anyone in the media, possibly in all of history.
  And you said in that in that documentary that their ultimate goal, if they get Obama elected,
  was going to be to round up people who love this country, put them in trains, and put them into camps.
  And what happened?
  Everyone said, that's crazy!
  Oh, Alex Jones, he's retarded, he's stupid, that guy's a nutjob!
  Well, now Hillary Clinton comes out and she says, maybe we should put everybody in camps.
  How do you get to camps?
  Well, probably in trains.
  And everyone goes, oh, well, let's just forget about the war.
  But they also use Covid all over the world and are you in control to build these giant camps?
  They go, oh, and by the way, political problems during the next pandemic, you'll be put in them too.
  I've seen them.
  I used to live by one over in Australia.
  I've seen them.
  And believe it or not, guys, the camps are real.
  I was living in Australia for a couple years.
  My family's Australian.
  Well, it's just on the news.
  And they say, remember, that's a former penal colony.
  Yes.
  And by the way, they're testing the WES standards.
  They have the 15-minute cities there right now, too.
  So, I mean, they plan this stuff out, they have digital IDs, so each one of the states in Australia is implementing another form of the globalist agenda.
  I think it's Western Australia has the digital ID, you have the 15-minute cities down near Melbourne, and then, of course, you have the... And many people have a cell phone to leave their house for one hour, and the police would call you, and you'd be arrested if you didn't answer and show your location.
  Yeah, do you know about this?
  There is a city with a state line that goes through it in Australia during COVID.
  It's in New South Wales and Queensland on the East Coast.
  It's called Tweed Head South.
  And of course, you have the Gold Coast above there.
  What they experimented with, Alex, and we got to remember this, is they built a barrier, a actual border in the middle of a city.
  Where people couldn't cross it to visit their family.
  They couldn't cross it to go to work.
  People who bought a car on one side of the city couldn't even drive it over to their home on the other side.
  Oh, we plugged the local newscast.
  You're not making this up.
  No, this is real.
  And that was all under UN directive.
  And the head of the global UN emergency response team, Dr. Ryan, said this is all a test.
  Yeah, now Hochul's trying to get it all passed in New York to forcibly inject you and lock you up.
  Well, that's what I'm saying.
  They tested what would happen if you even broke down a city in between where people lived and worked with a border where people had to have, you know, Father's Day on sides of a fence.
  This is not happening.
  Well, they even said, don't look at sunsets.
  Don't talk to your neighbor.
  We're the only source of information in England, in Canada, in Italy, in New Zealand.
  But here's the key.
  I know our audience gets this, but your friends and family still don't get it.
  I know people go, well the stock market crashes, I don't have stock.
  The whole economy will go down.
  It's the same thing.
  Australia is a laboratory by the same enemies, the WEF and UN attacking us.
  Yeah.
  Okay?
  So when you see something that's planned for you, we're facing a global corporate takeover, so you better have empathy.
  Four people in other countries!
  Well yeah, and I want to remind you, for someone who experienced that, whose family members had to deal with that for years and years on end, and it's still going on to some degree, is they successfully split up a city.
  And Americans, I want you to listen to this.
  You guys think it's your second amendment?
  We think it's our second amendment that's keeping us?
  You know what it really is though?
  Mobility.
  Well, yes, it's our ability to move, but also because we believe our rights come from God, and are not given to us by the government.
  In Australia, they are subservient, not just because they gave up their guns.
  Why did they give up their guns?
  Because they think rights come from the government.
  But in America, we have to keep our faith in God in these times.
  We cannot let ourselves become demoralized spiritually, because believe it or not... And that's why the globalists have to take down America, because it's not an example of the world.
  You're hitting the nail on the head.
  Keep going.
  Yeah, well, I was just saying, they hate our belief in God.
  This is why it's not safe to say it's just globalism.
  It is satanic.
  This is demonic.
  And while it's important to be talking to your friends and family about truth, you need to be putting yourself on your knees in prayer.
  You need to be interceding on behalf of this network, on behalf of Alex, Elon Musk, President Trump, and this country.
  I know it sounds stupid to the atheist.
  I know it sounds stupid to the non-religious or agnostic, but I am telling you this.
  You have to call in the higher power.
  It's totally real.
  They hate God more than they hate us.
  Well, look, I've studied the globalists.
  They've never been atheists.
  Their minions are.
  They are Satanists.
  They have a power.
  They worship.
  And that's why they don't want us calling on God, because they know it's over their God.
  Absolutely.
  These are people of the earth.
  I mean, they might even be actual Nephilim.
  We don't know.
  We don't have details about this stuff.
  But this evil has been around right since the Tower of Babel.
  They've been trying to unite the world together.
  The story is all this time to become like God, to reach and ascend to that ethereal, that spiritual height.
  And they got destroyed and split up by language and by race.
  And now they're trying to use the internet and interconnected banking and take the countries together, remove our individual identity, our liberties.
  And then they want to be God.
  They want to tell us where we can go and what we can do.
  That's right, revelation is being fulfilled.
  Here are camps in Australia, camps in England for TV viewers, with the so-called doctors out there while you're locked up.
  Remember that in Australia and the UK, or Germany, if you criticize it, you got thrown in the camps too.
  Oh, and remember their fake PCR test would claim you had it when you didn't.
  Yeah, you know, those camps should scare you because... And they're building more!
  Really.
  Well, I see, and here's the point.
  They didn't decommission them.
  So what happened in Australia, I want to remind you guys, this is true, they're not using them, but they're not tearing them down.
  Oh, they're building more.
  Yeah, you think they accidentally just built these, you know, multiple 30, 40 million dollar... No, that was the cover to put in the infrastructure for martial law.
  Yeah, and they put it in... And Klaus Schwab has said this is a beta test for worldwide martial law.
  But people still don't believe it.
  This is the frustrating thing, Alex.
  People need to wake up.
  You cannot sleep any longer.
  If you're afraid of your family, remember, a lot of people spoke up about the vaccines when it was too late.
  People spoke out against the lockdowns, like Constantine, Kristen, or whatever that guy was, when it was too late.
  Now is the time, if you've been quiet, wake up, sleepy bones, and arise from the dead, because the time is now.
  It is.
  Stay there.
  Let's come back with that thought and take calls and hit some other big issues with Elijah Schaefer.
  You've always been doing a good job, but you're on fire, man.
  What's, eating your Wheaties?
  Yeah, it's the time of the sun in Florida, man.
  It feels good.
  We'll be right back, ladies and gentlemen.
  Yeah, we're in a war.
  Wake up and realize how serious it is, because the time is late.
  We'll be right back.
  Stay with us.
  If you want your shot to own this piece of pure Americana, the most powerful, amazing truck in the world today, it's real simple.
  You go to TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  You can enter for free by putting in your email or when you buy great t-shirts or amazing knives and so many other great products that fund the info war, you get entered five to ten times for every purchase.
  Now, you're getting the colors I like the best, this dark green, this black, the red pinstripe, but what really matters is the shocks, the giant tires, the engine.
  Folks, I've had a lot of big trucks, but I'm telling you, they don't even compare to this.
  Be part of this, be part of history, be part of saving the republic, and believe me, you want this truck.
  TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  I'll see you there, and I can't wait to find out who the lucky winner is going to be.
  I'm telling you, this is better than sex!
  Well folks, it's game time and it's not some game that doesn't matter like a baseball or basketball or football game.
  It's really the future course of humanity with these horrible anti-human death cult people trying to get us in line and accept a world government revelation is being fulfilled.
  The cashless society must follow the beast orders or you can't buy or sell.
  You don't just take the market that you can buy and sell.
  You have to worship the beast, do what it says,
  It totally controls you.
  You give your heart, your mind, your soul over to it and worship it.
  You were talking about that when we went to break.
  I want to come back to you and take some calls.
  Yeah, I think that people need to realize, people in the chat, you know, we're saying, well, what do we do?
  Voting's in two months.
  This is why the spiritual aspect is so important.
  You have to realize that nothing in this world will happen if God does not allow it to happen.
  It doesn't mean he is this orchestrated plan to try to make everything bad happen.
  But if you need God to intercede, which we need right now on behalf of our nation, because it does feel powerless.
  It does feel like we're being cocked or we're actually being beaten down like there is no hope.
  Not even Trump was able to root out the deep state.
  We need to ask for a spiritual intercession from God to stop the enemies.
  And I believe, and I am not joking on this in any way, shape or form, that I believe that Trump is not dead today for a second time because God interceded on his behalf.
  When you go against God, if you are for God, who can be against you?
  That's what I want people to remember.
  So what do you do now?
  Be praying, be seeking God, and continue to spread the truth and be as bold and as outspoken as possible.
  Also, call your congressmen and ask them to lobby the government, lobby the Biden administration, to give Trump more severe and higher security detail.
  Call your congressmember and tell them that this is troubling to you, that you feel like you're not being represented.
  But what about the issue of mayoral decision control?
  I don't think I know, and I think it's the Secret Service we know.
  Ronald Roe did the stand-down, lied to Congress, and now he's in a cover-up.
  They've got their operatives in there.
  It could be the Secret Service kills Trump.
  We're good to go.
  This guy is 100% a federal asset, and there's no question.
  I mean, I was reading one of his blog posts where he talked about how he was able to recruit mercenaries in Afghanistan, disinfected, defected, you know, soldiers, plus defected soldiers from the Taliban, bribed the Pakistani government to get them passports.
  You can't, how do you bribe a government?
  And his followers are all high-level CIA.
  So he's following, and then he's recruiting foreign fighters in and out of Ukraine.
  Yeah, he's getting the pass.
  There's even posters... And he's convicted of weapons of mass destruction in 2002, and they just drop it?
  He had a fully automatic gun, which, you know, you can get those still with certain licenses in certain states.
  But he barricaded himself, already had to run him with law enforcement.
  But I want to focus on the passport aspect of this.
  When there's a post, I don't know the connection, but he says, I have your passport, your ID ready, you can come pick it up.
  And he talks about this.
  You can watch this on X. They already have the screenshot, everything.
  You know, if you're able to bribe Pakistan for passports, that doesn't just mean you have money, which this guy clearly did not have.
  Connections.
  But you have connections, and the only connections that have that kind of operation, globally, that I know of, are the CIA and the Mossad.
  Maybe in the UK you have other agencies.
  The Five Eyes probably all coordinate under the CIA.
  But this is what you have going on.
  This is not to be considered anything less than an act of self-sabotage of domestic terrorism by our government against a private citizen right now.
  When do you think they'll try again?
  Okay, well, I don't go in the game of predictions, but I can tell you that I doubt that they're going to be so flagrant in the future, that if they're going to do something, it will be either because they are almost guaranteed it will work, or because they will do something that we're going to think he's just getting sick, and God forbid he actually dies.
  I've already pre-programmed Iran, and I predict they would.
  They could use a surface-to-air missile and say I randed it.
  Right, and they could also say that a Russian spy killed him.
  They could use the polonium or whatever.
  They could use the same poison and show that Russia has just killed Donald Trump to get us into a war with Russia.
  These are all real realities.
  Oh, wow.
  What are we looking at there?
  It's from a guy who makes $3,000 a month.
  Ryan Ruth sure did travel a lot.
  A flight for $7,000.
  Wow.
  I mean, the guy also, if you notice, too, specifically, you know, he's putting up selfies.
  Like, this guy's a libtard.
  This guy's not the most intelligent guy in the world.
  Oh, he dyes his hair blue and gold.
  He reportedly is LGBT.
  It's just a standard cookball that they would recruit and use.
  Let's go to Joshua in Georgia.
  You're on the air with Elijah Schaefer.
  I'm glad you're calling in about Trump shooting Deep State in Russia, how it all ties together.
  Go ahead.
  Hey, Semper Fi, Mr. Jones.
  Semper Fi, Mr. Schaefer.
  First off, a shout out to The Salty Cracker.
  Whee!
  But I got two points here.
  Both of them pretty important.
  First one, just a question.
  If he is a deep state trigger man, which he is, why did they wait so long to scrub his social media?
  They let us look at it.
  Scratch your head on that one.
  And then, I think, sorry, I'm out of breath.
  I was just walking.
  But then he got away on accident.
  I think he was supposed to die there, but he got away and got caught in Florida by another sheriff in another county.
  And now he's in their custody.
  And I think Governor DeSantis needs to encircle that sheriff's department with State Patrol, Florida Bureau of Investigation, whatever, National Guard, whatever.
  To keep that prisoner there, otherwise he'll be suicided in 12 hours after being released to the federal government.
  I tend to agree with you.
  You want to talk about Russia?
  Oh, yeah.
  So the narrative.
  So this Patsy, he's all about Ukraine, right?
  So he wants to kill Trump will be the narrative.
  Because he thinks that Trump is a Russian agent.
  And that'll be the narrative they run.
  That's why they let us look at his unscrubbed social media.
  All right, thank you.
  Let me get Elijah Schafer's take on that.
  Yeah, I mean, it could be one of many things.
  He just voted Democrat in the last primary, according to his own voting record.
  But I mean, you know, you have to realize that it's the Democrats and Republicans' unit party who are funding, you know, Ukraine.
  And this is a genuine concern.
  This isn't really a bipartisan issue.
  It's the power structure against Trump and the populist movement.
  Correct.
  That's what I honestly think, because the war in Ukraine really has nothing to do with whether you're Republican or Democrat.
  It has to do with whether you're MAGA or not.
  And so if you're America first, then you're not going to want this war to go on.
  And, you know, I guess for a lack of better words, you got to also not underestimate how much time this stuff takes, right?
  Something happens.
  You have to send an email to your contact in the social media team.
  That social media team has to read it, give the order.
  They have to figure out the best way to do it.
  They go in, they have to monitor the situation and choose whether they can scrub it, because they might be subpoenaed in court to prove this happened.
  So, this stuff does take a little bit of time.
  I just think they're getting sloppy.
  They're getting desperate.
  Dustin in South Dakota, you're on the ear of Elijah Schaefer.
  Go ahead.
  Hey, what's up, Alex?
  Long-time listener, first-time caller.
  I don't have any theories or any fucking, sorry, any yarns to spin, but about six years ago-ish, you had on Lee Stranahan.
  And he was talking about all the connections with Ukraine.
  I'm glad you didn't talk about it.
  It was also Lee Stranahan, I saw him like six months ago, a year ago on his ex, saying he believes they'll use Ukrainian US fighters, Foreign Legion, for assassinations and terror in America.
  He's been saying that too.
  Absolutely.
  He put out a tweet today, just this morning, which probably only got like 3,000 hits on it or likes.
  But I look at it time to time because he actually, where you hold up... No, no, he's really smart.
  I think we should get him on.
  I know he's had health problems, but we should get Lee Stranahan on tomorrow, or get him on the War Room today.
  Guys, pull up Lee Stranahan's ex-account.
  Please do it right now.
  Go ahead.
  What did he say on his latest post?
  Tell us.
  Just talked about the different connections between the CIA and other stuff, and Stéphane Bandera and the state behind it.
  It's kind of all the same stuff you say, but in the end he kind of gets into some stuff I've never...
  Let's go back to his main page.
  I think we're on the wrong post of his.
  What's the name of the post you're talking about?
  It was the first one at the top.
  It was the most recent post on his account.
  All right, thanks for the call.
  All right, let's go ahead and talk to another caller.
  Let's talk to Al Killer in Virginia.
  You're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Alex, this is actually incredible because that is what I was calling in about, was the Lee Stranahan angle on this.
  And that guy knows everything about Ukraine and the whole invasion and everything.
  Now, what Lee points out, and I'm not looking at his Twitter, but what he's very known for
  Yeah, and he said Ukrainians were involved in that.
  I don't think those were riots, but yes.
  You can type in Ukraine Tiki Torch Marches, and they're screaming, Blut an der Boden, which is blood and soil in Ukraine.
  That's right, he got sued by a bunch of State Department people, so did I, for saying they were CIA, when they'd work for Hillary and stuff, and then they later dropped it, all over him pointing out, and it was true, there was actually Ukrainian money coming back in.
  Well, do you remember Lauren Loomer got the police audio released from that department down in Florida, where they pull over that crazy Nazi with the tattoos all over his face?
  And he says, I work for the CIA.
  They run his, I don't think the CIA, I think it was the FBI.
  No, no, no, but the same, it was a Ukrainian Nazi in that Nazi group.
  Yeah, he was over there.
  He went on RT and said, I work for the CIA, which is admitted.
  So I think this whole Ukrainian thing, this is basically Operation Gladio again.
  Or Mongoose.
  They ended up using Mongoose trying to kill Castro to use the operation here with Kennedy.
  Yeah, exactly.
  So there's something, it's basically like this cover where you send these cutouts to all these different, under the banner of Ukraine.
  It strikes me as odd that they would let us see all these Ukrainian connections, but the whole thing, the reason they impeached Trump the first time was over the Ukraine thing.
  Now, I wish he would come out and say, not all, they wouldn't try it if it was me, that there will be, no, I will just completely come out and end the war, because in 2016, he rightly pointed out that they overthrew
  Ukraine in 2014, and Russia didn't invade Crimea.
  They've had a base there for longer than we've been a country.
  Yeah, yeah.
  They use these foreign countries to dump money in, launder it, and then brainwash Americans and bring them back.
  The guy's name's Boneface.
  He said in multiple interviews he worked for the CIA.
  He was in Ukraine with the Azov battalion.
  Here's Boneface.
  He sends rockets to Ukraine.
  In support of Ukraine, you mean?
  I think Biden's better than Trump because he sends rockets to Ukraine.
  In support of Ukraine, you mean?
  Yeah, let's just stop here.
  That's not the clip I want.
  It's the next one.
  You're showing RT with bone faces in the back.
  You guys put it on screen so when you find that, it says RT on it.
  It's the guy that's in the middle that's not talking.
  It's him saying he works for the CIA.
  You just showed it about a minute ago on air.
  Go ahead and roll this with audio.
  There's a lot of hype about the FBI sending me over there, but that's not the FBI that does that.
  It was Central Intelligence that got me involved in that.
  There's a lot of hype about the FBI sending me over there, but that's not the FBI that does that.
  It was Central Intelligence that got me involved in that.
  Oh my gosh.
  Yeah, that's it.
  Thank you so much, Al Keller.
  Great points.
  You want to comment on that?
  Yeah, you know, I want to I want to say this, you know, I don't know if you know, but I was contacted by the Russian consulate about, you know, about eight or nine days ago, where they were offering me serious amount of money to spread, you know, some disinformation.
  This is the day before Tenet went down with the local indictment against Lauren Chen and the company about the Russian money or alleged Russian money inside of US politics.
  It's really funny to me, though, that I feel like a lot of times, while Russia is somewhat involved, they do put money into things.
  And I want to clarify for the Feds, I did not take the money, and I exposed the communications on my show and showed them.
  I'm not taking money from a foreign government or an adversary of the United States.
  However, I believe the Tenet stuff also has to do directly with the election.
  How do you know it was an InfoVault 7 and that they weren't spoofing the Russians?
  Well, because I have already contacted these people at the Russian consulate in Australia.
  I went down there and spoke to them, because there is currently an Australian military... The Russians are involved in our policy.
  They're just a junior player compared to, like, the UK, Israel, or China.
  Well, it made Israel seem like they were an alien space race with technology 10,000 times beyond our capabilities.
  I mean, they were just texting me on Signal, you know, being like, hey, can you share this fake video, basically?
  How much money do you want?
  What do you want?
  This is through the consulate in Australia, but my point is... What was the video?
  It was the fake video of the African black guys kicking that white girl, Trump supporter, in the shoes.
  She was bloodied.
  It was a fake attack on Trump supporters.
  They had the video done the night before the rally of Trump, yet they claimed it happened on the day of Trump.
  I know who took the money for that.
  All I'm saying is their disinformation is silly.
  When you hear about Tenet and this idea that, oh, they gave $10 million.
  $10 million?
  Let's talk about the hundreds of millions of dollars from Israel.
  If you want to stand against foreign countries being involved in our politics,
  Because we've got to get down to Ukraine, we've got to get down to Israel, we've got to get down to why there is so much outside money and influence in our politics.
  I think the whole Tenet thing was just to recast a lens on Russia.
  Oh sure, to bring back Russia.
  To distract from this.
  But I'm saying the real problem is how much money of ours is being funneled through Ukraine and back into our country to establish and to fund the deep state, to fund people like this.
  I think when you hear this guy saying, yeah, the CIA got me into it.
  Who paid for his trip?
  Why was he there?
  Why is it that this is not the first time or the last time we're seeing a crisis actor, somebody involved in causing problems?
  Well, everything in Ukraine is run by, and by the way, the British are heavily involved, MI6 and the CIA with NATO.
  So, I mean, this is all CIA.
  The guy is CIA.
  He's recruiting troops for the war.
  That's who runs that.
  He's getting flights back and forth.
  It's passports.
  He's being protected.
  All right.
  Really good points there.
  Dragonfly in Wisconsin.
  You're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Yeah, Mr. Jones and Elijah, I have a drug nub style sniper rifle.
  I have the Zastava M91.
  And it looks like the rifle the shooter used was their California or the kind of Oregon or Washington where they change the stock and grip to make it compliant.
  And they're okay to shoot.
  It shoots like 7.62x54R.
  It's like the American, well, it's the Russian equivalent of like the American 308.
  So you got to kind of be pretty skilled at it.
  It's not like how you said, Mr. Jones, the 300 win mag.
  And I agree with this Ukrainian link.
  It's awfully suspicious.
  But I think at this point, with all the theatrics and, you know, with this close to the election, they're just going to find one story after another.
  You know, it's just going to be one story, whatever we fight on.
  You know, I'm not saying this guy's not part of the Ukrainian thing or whatever Trump is against it, but it's just going to they're going to keep changing it up and keep going at him like that.
  If this doesn't work, they're going to try to poison his food like Milosevic and give him a heart attack and blame that, or a truck bomb, or like Benito Mussolini, a woman shooter with a pistol close up.
  So I agree that, you know, he should go in the bunker to a certain extent, but also I think he should have better security.
  There should be guys like how Maduro has, with briefcases, with shields, you know, guys with full armor.
  Because I think Trump's wearing one of those John Wick suits, which have a certain amount of bulletproof.
  We're good to go.
  Look, I mean, Trump is not going to live in fear.
  And he gets off on stress.
  He doesn't really wake up unless he's under attack.
  And he has taken some more security precautions.
  It was an unannounced golf trip.
  But I mean, I think now he's going to take it more serious.
  This is two in a row.
  And I mean, I really, I think it's a probability we wake up before the election as planes blown up or something like that.
  I mean, keep praying and I'm not predicting what's going to happen.
  I'm just saying I will not be surprised if that's the case.
  Thank you, Dragonfly.
  Yeah, you know, I was going to say people need to be worried because part of the reason why the Democrat establishment, the deep state, has allowed our cities to turn into chaos is so we become conditioned to hearing things just like a random woman is knocked out and killed or someone else is shot.
  This stuff shouldn't be normal.
  It's normalizing.
  In normalizing chaos so that when they commit acts of chaos, it doesn't ping anyone's radar and they can write it off.
  And today, we already see it.
  People are saying, hey, he's okay, whatever, let's move on.
  Where'd my neighbor go?
  Oh, he COVID or something.
  Well, yeah, but it's the same thing.
  It's like, oh, it doesn't matter.
  Trump's not special.
  Just another shooting on a golf course in Florida.
  That was their cover story at first.
  Oh, it's gang related, no big deal.
  But they're still doing it.
  They're saying, whatever.
  And I want to repeat that, that all that Barack Obama said, the guy behind the scenes coordinating a lot of this, he just retweeted something Kamala said of just like, oopsie, we don't like violence and that's so bad.
  Unfortunately for us, this is going to escalate and the chaos in our cities and our country is going to amplify.
  And I don't, I'm not just worried about what they're going to do to Trump.
  I'm worried about what they're going to do to us.
  Yes sir, Alex, a few years ago back I called in and we were kind of just going through what they were going to do and we predicted, you predicted, that they would try to shake the economy.
  Try to assassinate Trump and then World War III.
  World War III blackouts.
  Anyways, I remember that.
  That's before even COVID.
  Second, the listeners need to know they can get involved.
  Facebook can't stop you from being involved in the information war.
  You can go to Infowars.com and copy and paste the articles and they can't.
  I mean, it doesn't stop me.
  Nobody puts me in Facebook, Jill.
  So just get involved because we're running out of time.
  What do you make of another assassination attempt?
  What do you think Trump should do?
  All he can do is just believe in God and trust in God.
  He can't get fearful now.
  Just pray.
  I mean, it's a spiritual war, but it's also an information war.
  People, you can literally go to the articles, copy and paste them in your Facebook feed, and add the photos if you want.
  That's what I do.
  And if you want to support me and my family,
  It's, uh, The Rusty... The Rusty Mermaid Store.
  Thank y'all so much.
  Bye.
  And again, they wouldn't be doing all this censorship if we weren't having an effect.
  And so don't just go, oh, we've got X. Do stuff there, but go do it everywhere else, and do it on the street, and do it at church.
  Yeah, it literally takes- I'm going to check out the Rusty Mermaid, though.
  That sounds cool.
  Yeah, me too, man.
  I will check that out, because I always want to support, you know, real red-blooded patriots in America.
  I just want to see what they do.
  Oh, there it is.
  They're helping kids out or something.
  Oh, good.
  I'm glad it wasn't like a dildo shop, like that one rabbi was a shmooly.
  Remember he was posting that?
  Anyway, all I was going to say is, look, we've got to keep getting smarter.
  They are a few steps ahead of us.
  But ultimately speaking, we need to remember they hate us.
  I agree.
  And they're already planning to kill us.
  What do you think of Rabbi Shmuley?
  He's like a demon.
  Yeah, I think a lot of rabbis are like that.
  I think he's into Kabbalah stuff, like the levitating, right?
  Isn't he into all that weird stuff?
  I don't know.
  That's a legend.
  So I'm not going to let him sue me.
  Those guys like to sue.
  I mean, listen, you've taken kind of an anti-Israel turn last year.
  And anti-Zionist over American first.
  Yeah, I would say.
  I think that the dual loyalty, like with Ben Shapiro saying that one of the reasons why he supports America is because of their guarantee of Israel.
  I would say unless you support America in spite of which countries they support, you are not America first.
  Well, I've got relations with Israel.
  My thing is people that are totally obsessed with it, like when I talk about Communist China, that has a thousand, I mean in my view, let's say a hundred, more effect than say Russia domestically.
  I mean China really is involved with Congress and payoffs.
  People that are just obsessed with Israel, fine, talk about Israel, we do too.
  Communist China, you know, all this stuff.
  Like, that's a big thing, too.
  Absolutely.
  I mean, I'm telling you right now, I have been offered money from a PAC related directly to Israel to lie on behalf of the IDF for multiple thousands of dollars, which I debunked.
  I'm always accused of taking Israeli money.
  All I get is the ADL calling for my arrest.
  I've never been offered money by Israel.
  Well, I did.
  And I got offered money by Russia as well.
  So I'm saying... I've been offered money by the guy that was richest guy in the world at the time.
  And it was off-record.
  I didn't say who, but you figure it out.
  It wasn't Elon Musk.
  And I've been offered money 20 years ago by the Russians, and repeatedly, and I didn't report to the FBI.
  And then I got offered by the CIA, posing as the Russians, four years ago, five years ago, money from the Russians.
  And I took that to the FBI.
  But yeah, I've never had the Israelis offer me anything.
  Well, they're doing it now.
  They're currently using some social media marketing firms to sort of push propaganda on a lot of influencers, and I see them pushing some campaigns and pushing ideas that even have been debunked.
  Sure, my point is, all I've gotten from the ADL and that lobby is a tax.
  I mean, I guess they figured out I ain't taking no money, so I'll give them that.
  At least they haven't tried.
  Everybody else has.
  Yeah, and I'm sure, and when you talk about this, all I want to say is this, it's not a lie that China and Russia and countries like Qatar and others, or Qatar, however you want to pronounce it, are involved, but there is no nation more directly influenceable on our country than Israel and the Jewish mafia.
  I mean, I think it's true to say that the Israeli lobby doesn't spend the most money, the energy and defense groups do it, and the hedge funds, but Israel, when it comes to members of Congress,
  And the reason why we have to focus on it is because you don't get pushback for talking about China or talking about Russia, but if they want to silence you, we have to question why, and I think we all know.
  Yeah, once I had a meeting with Globalist off record.
  They didn't bring up the Israel thing.
  Maybe that's because I didn't really focus on it.
  They brought up leave the Muslims alone, leave the open borders alone, and leave China alone.
  We'll be right back.
  The United States is like one of the top or most sick countries in the world.
  We spend more than anybody else per capita.
  All I have discovered that I can do is try to get things into the hands of patients as much as possible.
  That includes medication, that includes information, that includes awareness.
  And we have to help people navigate the system.
  I, unfortunately, Alex, I think where it's going to go is going to get a lot worse before it gets better.
  Explain what the wellness company does.
  And again, it's a lot bigger than just COVID or monkeypox.
  I mean, you're talking about a, you know,
  People I think are fearful of getting healthcare because it's going to be terribly expensive.
  The reality is you can deliver health care for the vast majority of your needs extremely effectively.
  We can do it.
  We can get cost-effective.
  We can get medication in your hands.
  What you guys are doing is getting people directly in touch with doctors, nurses, practitioners, and others and everything that they need.
  That's why I'm so excited about the wellness company and onlinehealthnow.com.
  Everybody needs to mark that down and get ahead of this in these uncertain times.
  If you don't
  All right.
  Going and signing for a World Health Organization so-called treaty to give them fiat authority over duly elected officials, that to me is the scariest, most evil idea I've ever heard.
  Your most effective unit is right back to you, your family, and somebody whom you contact to use their judgment to help you.
  Link to use is OnlineHealthNow.com.
  One word.
  OnlineHealthNow.com.
  Thank you so much, sir.
  Appreciate it, Alex.
  Thank you so much.
  Well, that was a great interview.
  And again, he's one of the most prominent doctors in the world.
  And you could say, you know, kind of more mainline or whatever, but even he has come a long way and he's been standing up for free speech.
  And so The Wellness Company are awesome folks.
  They're a huge sponsor.
  These folks,
  are the one-stop shop and they've also got their spike protein detox on the site as well.
  So be sure and visit right now online health now.com online health now.com again want to thank Dr. Drew for coming on.
  Final segment ahead of the great Gerald Solente taking over.
  And we have a very important little promo piece at six after, so stay with us for that.
  Then Owen Schroer is in 59 minutes at infowars.com forward slash show, band up video.
  We're Alex Jones on X and all the links to the Infowars feeds and his feeds.
  Just keep sharing.
  I'm doing a great job, folks.
  Look, there is a global awakening to tyranny and how things work and the central banks and the cashless society, the social credit scores, Elijah Shaver.
  That's really the exciting thing.
  Is that whoever we debate is most powerful in the new world order.
  People are opposing its agenda and its policies.
  And that's what I want to try to do is get people to oppose the globalist policies.
  What would you say the globalist endgame is?
  I think the globalist endgame is essentially to create a one unified global citizenry where we lose our individual liberties.
  So we are no longer a people that have an identity given to us by God and we're made in God's image.
  We are a citizen of a global technocracy of an oligarchy that comes together.
  We have one social credit.
  And our behavior and submission defines whether we'll be successful or not.
  Correct.
  It's a social credit score.
  So since they can't out-compete God, making individual races, so different cultures and different languages, if they create a connected social score plus a credit system, so a currency that connects us, they essentially reunite the world outside of God's original diaspora of humanity.
  And then they want, through AI, I believe... That's key.
  God built in firewalls by different cultures and groups.
  He wants us
  Unified only through God, through nothing else.
  Correct.
  And what is going to happen is the Antichrist eventually will bring peace in the world, will sit on the throne in the temple, and will declare himself God.
  So I believe this is an Antichrist end-condemnation event, where you end up having the Antichrist as the free world leader.
  So I think Revelation is clear on that.
  I'm a firm believer in Scripture on that regard.
  And I'm going to take that clip and put it up front on the show because that's powerful and you're really hitting the central issue here.
  They want a synthetic system to play God where they surveil us in live time and make us submit to every action.
  And people think, well, then I'll just submit and be successful.
  But they'll make you castrate your kids, take chemicals, eat GMO, eat the bugs.
  They're going to kill you slowly while you think you're winning in their system.
  The only way is to build our new systems and not submit to them.
  And that's why classical liberalism failed, is because there's a constant transition.
  In the 60s we had the sex change, you know, dynamic, where people would go, okay, there's no difference between men and women, and people thought that was crazy.
  Now look at it now.
  Now they want women to act like men, and men to be psy-opt, and act effeminate, and go down in their aggression.
  They don't want them to be toxically masculine.
  And you see the men are only taking care of the baby, and the women are in charge, and the woman always leaves him for the mean guy riding the motorcycle.
  Well, of course, and this is the proof, is that they went on the sexual revolution, now they're going on the gender revolution, which we're kind of at the tail end.
  And then there's the transhumanist cyborg revolution.
  Correct, it's transhumanism, eventually, which could be either the combination of AI with the human body or the human vessel, or it could be actually its own individual downloading consciousness into the AI and creating a separate identity.
  I will say this, though.
  This transhumanism is the next step in our battle against the globalist regime.
  We already had transsexuality, which, you know, was not the trans we see today.
  That's when, you know, you could be gay, straight, LGBTQ.
  Now we have transhumanism.
  First, you can be anything you want.
  Now it's got to be what we say you are.
  Correct, but that's why the transgender is the first step to see how easy it is to influence people to change their body irreversibly.
  Well, they believe you can be uploaded to a computer, but we kill your body.
  It's a fraud.
  It's not really you.
  It's a facsimile.
  Correct.
  You've got to accept the new identity, the new thing.
  First, you accept two men can have a baby.
  It's murdering logic.
  Correct, and that's why they want you to accept that men can become women and women can become men, because when they implement their AI transhumanism, then you won't say, that's a cyborg, that's a robot.
  No, that's a human being!
  That's not a half-human, half-AI.
  That is a true potential, put-in-place-by-God human being.
  And that's why they attack children in innocence, because they want to degrade that and have us give up our instinct to defend it.
  Correct, and if you deny reality, they can get you to deny reality, then nothing is safe.
  We are in a stage of denial of observation.
  That is truly dangerous.
  A war against reality.
  You gotta go on Owen's show.
  I'm sure he wants you.
  You're leaving tomorrow.
  Please come on American Journal tomorrow with Harrison Smith.
  All the shows are really exploding right now.
  Analyze Your Shaper on ActSlightlyOffensive.com.
  Great to see you too.
  We'll be back.
  Stay with us.
  Today's conspiracy theories, tomorrow's truths.
  Some of these conspiracy theories have turned out to be true.
  Which ones?
  The Trump-Russia witch hunt, Jeffrey Epstein-JFK assassination, the misuse of the Patriot Act, the Iraq War, the weapons of mass destruction, the war in Ukraine, the bombing of the Nord Stream Pipeline, the open border migration caravans, the climate change scam, Kim Trails, and HAARP, and 9-11 being an inside job, and the Internet of Things surveillance grid, and PFAs, and chemicals in the water turning everyone gay, and the 2020 election being stolen, and January 6 being filled with undercover
  You will meet so many amazing people wearing this shirt.
  I'd say you'll get probably 50 compliments before you get one person screaming at you.
  But it's an adventure to wear any of these shirts, but particularly this one.
  Get this design and so many others, they're limited edition, at thealexshowstore.com.
  Keep us on air, in our fight against the Globalist, and I want to thank you so much for your support, because literally,
  When you call in thanking me on air, I say, stop, because I'm thanking you.
  I love fighting the globalists.
  This is what I do.
  We've had such a huge effect together.
  So I want to thank you all for your past support.
  I encourage you now to go to thealexshowstore.com and be sure to enter for the free truck and $10,000 and buy more product, support the broadcast, and get entered five or 10 times, depending on the day, each time you buy a product.
  This new initiative is so important to the future.
  So everybody, if you support what we're doing and want to get great shirts and ball caps at the same time, go to thealexjonesstore.com.
  And almost forgot, most t-shirts come in multiple colors.
  Hey, great being on InfoWars.
  And what Alex Jones said about supporting the InfoWars is so, so true.
  Yeah.
  Because the globalists are taking over the big zone, everything.
  This is why you subscribe, of course, to the Trends Journal and you go on to Infowars.
  This is the front page.
  Of the Wall Street Journal on Saturday.
  Six dollars.
  Six dollars for this issue.
  Prize winner is sure to bring a tear to the eye.
  A more perfect onion.
  Stever Purvis beholds his 16.7 pound giant onion, which took first the heaviest onion Friday at England's Harrogate Autumn Flower Show, known for its vegetable contest.
  He also won for heaviest leek, a 19.7.
  I'm not making this up.
  I'm making this up.
  This is the crap they're shoving down our throats so we don't know what in the world is going on, what to do, and how to prepare, prevail, and prosper.
  Stupid crap.
  Oh, oh, want to talk about crap?
  Hey, who's the head of the Wall Street?
  I can't say the word S-H-I, you know, with another letter at the end because that's what it is.
  Oh, somebody from the UK.
  Oh, yeah?
  Oh, you mean the United Kingdom?
  The country America fought its freedom against?
  I'm not saying the British people are bad, but, hey, the government?
  To me, it hasn't changed a bit.
  Them murderous SOBs never stopped!
  Never stopped!
  Oh, it was that little clown boy, what that guy's name, Blair?
  Yeah, Tony Blair!
  Tony BS Blair!
  A little arrogant boy of nothing!
  Along with little Georgie Bush, with a pair of cojones smaller than a mothball, light us into the Iraq War.
  That UK.
  Yeah.
  The UK that keeps going all over the world with the United States fighting wars we have no business being in.
  Anyway, who's running the Wall Street Journal?
  Oh, the editor is from the UK.
  Hey, who's the head of Bloomberg?
  Oh, another UK F-U-C, you know, K, over there.
  Yeah.
  Well, who's running Washington Post?
  Oh, another F.U.K.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  One after another.
  Freedom is dead in America.
  It is one, nothing more than a bunch of B.S.
  This is the crap.
  You can't make this stuff up.
  We subscribe to this.
  And the toilet paper record, the New York Times.
  Because we need to see what the American media is saying.
  We're hardly getting any trend data that helps us forecast trends.
  Hardly any from the mainstream media.
  So that means we have to spend much more time looking for data.
  Because journalism is finished.
  Finito.
  Gone.
  Thanks to that other little piece of rotten scum crap.
  Who I felt about when he first ran for office back in 1992.
  And I got these t-shirts made up.
  Beware.
  Slick Willy.
  Oh, yeah.
  You remember when Slick is Slick Willy?
  Oh, I didn't have sex with that woman, Monica Lewinsky.
  She only gave me, you know, one job.
  Yeah.
  No, not with the hand.
  The other one.
  Yeah.
  Get away with the Federal Communications Act.
  1996.
  Now six companies control 92% of the media.
  Journalism is dead.
  You're getting it from... Infowars.
  And of course, when you want trends, what in the world is going on, what's next and what to do, you want to transjournal.
  They can't, don't have a clue.
  They don't come close to us.
  So, do what you can to support Infowars.
  Like Alex Jones says,
  He's very appreciative, as I am, of the thank yous that we get.
  And we thank you for supporting us.
  So going on to the stupid news here.
  Ready?
  This is the headline from CNBC.
  Larry Ellison becomes world's second richest man, dethroning Jeff Bezos as Oracle stock surges.
  Isn't that great?
  Second richest man.
  Not a penny for peace.
  Billionaires don't give a penny for peace.
  F you with peace.
  We don't care.
  We don't talk about it.
  Can you imagine if they gave us a billion dollars to our Occupy Peace Movement?
  Peace tomorrow morning.
  But these little pieces of crap prostitutes, little media whores on TV, you're not allowed to be on there if you talk about peace.
  Because they're pieces of crap, and they don't like peace.
  All they do is promote war.
  Little prostitutes, media whores who get paid to put out by their corporate pimps, and they're government whoremasters.
  And again, that's why you go to InfoWars.
  You get the information that you're getting that you're not getting anywhere else.
  Because it's blacklisted in the news.
  Oh, don't say blacklisted, that's racist.
  Okay.
  What can we say?
  Can't say white listed.
  Not yellow listed.
  Let's be stupid, huh?
  Because that's all it is.
  Just stupid crap they keep shoving down our throats.
  Disgusting.
  Hey, you want to talk about something stupid?
  And again, I was raised Catholic.
  I don't believe in any of it anymore after what they did to me and done beating me up.
  Perforating my middle ear, breaking my eardrum, and leaving me back in the fifth grade.
  As I said, I'm just glad Father Foley was a ladies' man.
  It could have been a lot worse.
  So I don't care what religion you believe in.
  Keep it to yourself.
  Don't try to convince me.
  Just do what you want.
  Pope Francis tells U.S.
  Catholics to choose lesser of evil in the coming election.
  This is his quote.
  Whether it is the one who is chasing away migrants or the one who kills children, the Pope said both are against life.
  He said you must choose the lesser of the evil.
  Wait a minute.
  Lesser of the evil?
  You mean Pope Francis?
  How about Pope Adolphe?
  Hey, oh, you believe, oh, you're Catholic?
  You believe in Christ?
  Christ doesn't believe in evil.
  There's no such thing as a lesser evil.
  Oh, oh, Lucifer's better than Satan.
  Yeah, it says so.
  It's right in there.
  It's in the Bible.
  Section three, paragraph five.
  What do you mean lesser of evil?
  How about saying you, the people of America, should be voting for the greater of the greats, the best of the goods, not evil.
  Saying lesser of two evils is like saying almost pregnant.
  Could you get that, Pope?
  Pope Adolphe.
  What stupid, stupid arrogance.
  Arrogance.
  And you don't have any right.
  You have no right to tell we the people in America what to do.
  Keep it in your church.
  Yeah.
  You must choose the lesser of evil.
  Who is the lesser of evil?
  The lady or that gentleman?
  I don't know.
  And then he goes, not voting is ugly.
  It's not good.
  You must vote.
  Hey, Katson, don't you tell me what I must do.
  What the hell does this have to do with Jesus Christ?
  It's probably turning in his grave.
  Oh, he went to heaven.
  I forgot.
  Wait.
  Yeah.
  I haven't voted since 2012.
  Last person I voted for president was Ron Paul.
  That's it.
  I don't, I don't believe in the crime syndicate.
  Call it, I call it repulsive gins and demo craps.
  As I say, I'm all gonna vote for Mr. Boogie.
  Vote for Mr. Boogie.
  He'll put rhythm in the White House and all the squares have got to go.
  Yep.
  Gonna go to every city, make a speech in every town.
  Because everybody's baby when their daddy's not around.
  Vote for Mr. Berkey.
  I'll raise wages.
  I'll lower taxes.
  I'll put a Cadillac in every garage and a chicken in every pot.
  In fact, I'm even going to start a fifth party.
  All you have to do to join is bring your own fifth.
  All right?
  I don't support the whole thing.
  But this is garbage.
  Garbage.
  Vote for evil.
  Not voting is ugly.
  Jerk's stupid.
  Yep.
  Lesser of evils.
  How about the better of goods?
  The greatest of greats?
  That's what America's come to.
  I vote for lesser to evils.
  Yeah, go get convicted of a crime and say, well, I'm not as evil as that murderer.
  That murderer only killed 80 people.
  This one killed 170.
  On to the economy.
  Hey, see what gold prices are?
  Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
  As I went on the air, $2,580 an ounce.
  And one of your top trends for 2024 in your trends journal was this would be, quote, a golden year for gold.
  Gold prices are up.
  Almost five hundred and fifty dollars per ounce since we made that forecast.
  So where's gold going?
  We haven't seen the downside yet.
  We called every downside this year.
  We said when it hit bottom we'd go back up.
  We don't.
  The downside hasn't come yet.
  It may not come for a while.
  Because gold is spiked up.
  In the last month.
  Well over a hundred bucks an ounce.
  So.
  Gold can hit three thousand dollars an ounce.
  On Wednesday.
  The crime syndicate the banks the bandits got their meeting coming up.
  The feds.
  And
  There's even talk now of some people coming out saying they should lower interest rates by 75 basis points.
  If they even lower, if they're going to lower them, everybody knows that 25 basis points is a sure shot.
  If they go 50 basis points down, you're going to see the dollar go way down.
  The dollar is already on a downswing.
  The only reason the dollar is strong is because interest rates are so high.
  The lower interest rates fall, the deeper the dollar declines, and the higher gold prices rise.
  They're going to rise.
  It's just a matter of how fast and how much.
  If they knock interest rates now 50 basis points, you could well see gold selling
  Well above.
  Two thousand.
  Six hundred.
  And fifty dollars per ounce.
  We do not give investment advice we don't tell you what to do.
  But we trend forecasters and we look at the big picture.
  And the big pictures you're gonna see more inflation.
  Because the cutting interest rates everywhere.
  Not everywhere, but in a lot of places, particularly in the bigger countries.
  The ECB just cut interest rates last week.
  And they're talking about cutting them more.
  Investors ramp up bets on rate cuts.
  Yep.
  So it's only going to be a matter of time.
  Again, this isn't rocket science.
  The lower interest rates go, the deeper the dollar falls.
  The deeper the dollar falls, the higher gold prices go.
  Now, let's go back.
  As I keep saying, they want to keep the people in power in power.
  And they're going to do that by propping up the economy as much as it can.
  And lower interest rates will help do that.
  Because the former Fed head,
  Janet Yellen is now the United States Treasury Secretary, so it shows you firsthand in front of your face to see who's in charge.
  The Feds are in control of our money and they want to stay in it.
  Trump gets in, he'll change the Fed head and they don't want that to happen.
  And again, not saying like, dislike,
  With Trent Forker's casters, we say, what is?
  And I make it clear, I'm a political atheist.
  I do not believe in this system.
  Interest rate payments on the national debt top a trillion dollars is last week.
  It's going to be $2 trillion for the full year.
  $2 trillion.
  National debt.
  Who in any business or in any life could keep building up debt, building up debt, not being able to pay it off?
  Who can do that?
  What business, what individual?
  Nobody.
  Hey!
  Hey, Salenti!
  Shut up!
  We're the politicians running the freak show!
  We'll steal every penny we can from you in the name of taxes.
  We don't care about the debt level or what you are suffering through as the plantation workers of slave land.
  These wages go down as inflation goes up.
  We're politicians.
  We want your money because we never work a day in our lives.
  You got it?
  And I was there.
  The Assistant to the Secretary of the New York State Senate.
  Malcolm Wilson was the governor.
  Warren Anderson was the majority leader.
  I'm eating shrimp cocktail with my Robert Hull soup.
  I was assistant to the secretary of the New York State Senate, the cat that ran the whole show.
  I saw it firsthand.
  Worst job I've ever had in my life and been working all my life.
  Watch grown men grovel to suck their way up to the top ain't my trip.
  And that's who's running our government.
  Not only our government, governments around the world.
  Politicians that are the little clowns that wanted to be class president, head of student council.
  So they already got the numbers, yeah.
  And then Beijing's economy softened in August, keeps going down.
  Industrial growth declined.
  Its retail sales grew only 2.1%.
  They were up 2.7% the month before.
  Investment in real estate declined 10.2%.
  Imports only grew 0.5%.
  We mention this because this is China whose economy was booming before they launched a COVID war on Chinese Lunar New Year, the Year of the Rat, January 2020.
  Cover of our Trends Journal magazine.
  Coronavirus, 106 dead in China.
  It was all the news.
  Our next line was 1.4 billion still alive.
  What are you telling me this crap for?
  They did this to shut down the Hong Kong protests.
  And I used to be on Hong Kong TV back in 2019.
  They couldn't stop them.
  7.5 million people in that city, over a million were taking to the streets.
  They couldn't stop it.
  Lost the COVID war?
  Get back in your house.
  Can't go out anymore.
  Pass an emergency law.
  Boop, boop, boop, bop.
  Finito.
  They destroy their economy.
  Three years of zero COVID policy.
  Destroyed the lives and livelihoods of billions.
  And the COVID war, the damage it's done is incalculable.
  Again, all your data is in your trends journal.
  Businesses going out of business every week.
  People getting laid off.
  The numbers are astounding that they don't report.
  We do it every week.
  So, going back, the global economy is slowing down.
  They're going to do everything they can to juice it up.
  You're looking at oil prices now.
  When I went on the air, Brent crude was selling at $72.77.
  Why?
  Because,
  China's buying a lot less of it.
  So is much of the world.
  So.
  Oil prices are going down because there's a global slowdown.
  The world is going into dragflation.
  Declining economic growth.
  And rising inflation.
  Inflation isn't over.
  They come out with these numbers that are nothing more than BS.
  Go to Shadowstats for the real numbers.
  It's costing people a lot more to buy a lot less.
  So your car insurance, your house insurance, getting your car fixed.
  These stupid laws, electronic crap in the cars.
  I got a 1994 Audi.
  Two of them.
  I hate these new cars.
  People can't afford what's going on.
  But the rich are getting richer as everybody else is getting poorer.
  And they're stealing our money for more wars and to give them to their bankster buddies and anybody else.
  We're going to take a break.
  We're going to be back soon.
  And remember, support InfoWars because they're doing everything, everything, everything they can to support you.
  Their staff works tirelessly, as does Alex Jones.
  So go to InfoWarsStore.com and get the products that you need.
  Thank you.
  We'll be right back.
  We certainly don't claim to be doctors, but InfoWarsMD can prescribe a wide variety of supplement formulas to help you stay healthy in an ever-growing toxic world.
  These individually tailored combinations of vitamins, minerals, and natural ingredients address a broad spectrum of bodily functions and each offers a unique boost to your well-being.
  Take, for instance,
  The synthesis of amino acids found in nitric boost, designed to promote circulation and muscular performance.
  Or the microorganisms contained in our probiotic formula, meant to help with digestion by introducing healthy bacteria to your system.
  Then there's good night's sleep and its proprietary sleep formula that can restore a healthy sleep cycle to your daily routine.
  So ask your doctor, or just take our word for it, and check out the InfoWars MD products found exclusively at InfoWarsStore.com.
  Hey, great being on the Alex Jones Show.
  They were saying, you know, support InfoWars, support Alex Jones, support free speech.
  It's been robbed from us.
  If you don't swallow my political crap,
  YOU BELIEVE IN MISINFORMATION!
  That's... Who are you talking to?
  These arrogant little pieces of scum.
  Politicians.
  The cover of our Trends Journal that they showed before says it perfectly.
  Politicians want war.
  People want peace.
  And don't forget, we're having a peace and freedom rally up here in Kingston, New York.
  You go to OccupyPeace.com.
  Judge Napolitano, Scott Ridd, Max Blumenthal, Anya Parampil, and others.
  Music, what we're trying to do.
  Again, I talked to a million people out of 7.5 million that were protesting in Hong Kong against China taking over.
  Can we get a million people here out of 332 million?
  It's up to you.
  And it's up to you to support InfoWars.
  And they have these great products that really can help you in this time
  When you really need it the most, because these are down times and you got to build your body up.
  And by building yourself up again, it's that 360 win.
  And they have these great products that are on sale that they come and they go because they get sold out really quick.
  And they got that bodies is back.
  And what do they got here?
  25% off.
  And if you want whole body support, this is the one you need.
  I keep telling this over and over again.
  It's used as a medical herb for thousands of years, turmeric.
  It's one of the most studied ingredients known today or yesterday.
  So they pair this with black pepper and bodies and turmeric supplement.
  It takes advantage of the power of the turmeric with over 95% of its active ingredients.
  And because turmeric contains some of the most powerful antioxidants and you really need those
  In these very toxic times, they paired it with other powerful ingredients, including five different herbs and extracts.
  So it gives the ultimate boost for you and your family.
  And again, you need that boost right now because these are down times.
  You gotta bring your body up.
  When you bring your body up, your mind goes up.
  So, you got joint support, mobility support, flexibility support.
  And it has all these great ingredients.
  Organic spearmint, sage, lemon balm, thyme, turmeric root extract, on and on and on.
  So don't wait because they're going to be out of stock again.
  And you want to support your immune system and you want to support InfoWars.
  And again, they have these very, very powerful ancient ingredients with bodies at 25% off from InfoWars Lite.
  So your life is on the line.
  So let's get it healthy again, because these are down times.
  You know, there's an article, I mean, in the Trends Journal, we've been writing about this.
  And just to make it clear, as I'm talking about this, there's an article that just came out.
  Novo Nordisk claims obesity drug effective for under 12s.
  Under 12s?
  What's a kid under 12?
  How'd you get obese?
  How'd you get, how'd you, how'd you, how'd you get obese?
  You know how you got obese?
  Because again, people hate me for this.
  Your mother doesn't raise you anymore.
  They sent you out to a nursing home for children that they call daycare centers.
  You're screaming out of your mind.
  You're a kid growing up.
  You want your mama there to love you.
  And you got some stranger there feeding your crap.
  And then mommy comes home from work and she's not cooking all day like my mother, may her soul rest in peace, was.
  Nah, they're bringing you ultra processed prepared crap.
  Or fast food junk food.
  So you read this whole article.
  One in five children have obesity.
  And one of the biggest predictors for adult obesity is childhood obesity.
  Yeah, no kidding.
  Well, thanks for the science that would have never figured that out.
  Yep, stop feeding them crap food and this won't happen.
  You look at the pictures of my generation of Woodstock, 1969.
  Everybody's thin.
  You don't think I want to eat more?
  I love to eat.
  I'm Italian.
  But I don't want to end up as an inmate in a nursing home, so I try to get in the best shape I can.
  So.
  Well, with the adults, the drug led to side effects of nausea and vomiting.
  And those who stopped using it regained weight quickly.
  A sign of the limitations in the treating obesity drug.
  Pitch book suggests the obesity drug market will peak at $200 billion in value.
  All right.
  Drugs are everything.
  No natural healing.
  And by the way,
  This was the first book I worked on.
  I didn't write, I worked on, and my former wife, may she rest in peace, sold it to Warner Books, which was a big company back then.
  Natural healing back in the 80s.
  So it's not, you know, BS, it's fact.
  I have an honorary doctorate from the National University of Health Sciences.
  They're taking these drugs.
  So I'm mentioning this because you've got a lot of great products at InfoWars that could help you.
  So, again, it helps InfoWars.
  They plowed through in their domestic lenders a decade and a half ago to save the banks from collapse.
  Isn't that great?
  Save the banksters from collapse!
  You could go to hell!
  Hey, matter of fact, listen to what the Pope says.
  If you vote for Satan or Lucifer, you're okay.
  It's a lesser of two evils.
  So go to hell!
  Go to hell!
  We only save the banksters, Salenti!
  You people don't count.
  Once upon a time, oh, don't call me an anti-Semite.
  I'm against the Israeli war, don't like genocide.
  So now what I'm gonna say, don't call me an anti-Italian, because hey, I'm a Paisano.
  My blood's Italian, my heart's American, and my soul, and my soul's Italian too.
  But my heart, my heart is American.
  So now, can't call me an anti-Italian when I say some lousy piece of scum crap may he rot in El Mussolini.
  He called what our government, European government, is doing fascism.
  Fascism.
  The merger of state and corporate powers.
  Got it?
  They run the country.
  The Federal Reserve, not my numbers.
  We only give facts in the Trends Journal.
  Oh, but no, no.
  Forget the Trends Journal.
  This is today's Wall Street Journal.
  I can't say the words.
  The World War, walled S.H.I.
  Journal.
  Monday, September 16th.
  Look at this picture here.
  Look at that.
  See that picture?
  Russian strikes apartment building in Ukraine.
  Hey.
  How about Israel?
  Just came out of Haaretz.
  They just killed, 16 people were killed in a raid and they just killed about another 20 people in Gaza.
  Killed over 41,000.
  95,000 over that are seriously wounded.
  But we won't talk about that.
  That's not allowed.
  That's not in the paper.
  20 killed and 76 wounded in Gaza in the last 24 hours.
  But that's the front page.
  What the Russians are doing, they don't show the slaughter going on.
  Nope.
  Not a word about it.
  So going back to the banksters in charge,
  And the military-industrial complex in charge of America is Dwight D. Eisenhower, five-star general of Supreme Canadian Allied Forces, who warned us that the military-industrial complex is robbing the nation of the genius of science, sweat, labors, and futures of children.
  $29 trillion, I was going to talk about before I got... $29 trillion, according to the Levy Institute at Bard College, was used to bail out the banksters.
  During a great recession.
  And remember, the Trends Journal took out the domain name, Panic of 08 in 2007.
  We were among the first to call it.
  Me, Peter Schiff, and a few others.
  That was it.
  And he's a great guy.
  So going back to the banksters, there's a site that I really recommend if you really want to know what's going on in the bankster system.
  It's called Wall Street on Parade.
  Russ and Pam Martins.
  This is an article today.
  Everything this book predicted on Wall Street mega-banks ruling their regulators is now unfolding.
  It is rare for a book to be so comprehensive and insightful that it provides a roadmap for the future, especially when a cast of characters are the lawyered-up mega-banks on Wall Street in their legions of lobbyists and public relations flax.
  That's why I like this.
  They speak the right language.
  We're referring to the book is called Taming the Megabanks, Why We Need a New Glass-Steagall Act by Arthur Wilmot.
  And they go on to say that last Tuesday, and we wrote about this and talked about it, the Federal Reserve completely capitulated to the demands of Wall Street, megabanks,
  on its plans to dramatically raise capital levels at the megabanks.
  The so-called Basel III endgame.
  And it goes on.
  This is... It walks readers through each of the much-touted financial reforms that the Obama minions told the American people they could count on following the worst megabank-induced financial crisis since the Great Depression.
  But the Dodd-Franks promised key reforms.
  It never happened.
  And they go on.
  Never happened.
  Obama, the Nobel piece of crap rise winner.
  What an arrogant, arrogant, arrogant.
  Oh, I forgot.
  No, no, no, no.
  The Pritzkers brought him there.
  Oh, the Hyatt family.
  Obama, the little nothing over there in Chicago, in Illinois.
  Little state senator.
  Folks, folks, folks.
  Oh, he's folking us, folks, folks.
  You elect me, we'll have peace.
  And he wins the Nobel Peace of Crap Prize winner.
  That Obama?
  As soon as he got elected?
  The Afghan troop surge?
  Kept ramping up the Iraq war?
  Yeah.
  I want that guy Qaddafi out of there.
  Oh no, Suleimani, say it properly.
  Qaddafi has to go.
  It's the richest country in
  In Africa, the people have more rights and benefits than most of the world.
  And the oil, it's one of the easiest to extract because you don't have to dig deep to get it.
  You think we would have invaded Iraq if their major export was broccoli?
  Oh, and they want Africa to go on a gold standard?
  We got to get them out of there.
  Yeah, that Obama.
  Going back to the banksters.
  I'm mentioning this because
  The Trends Journal, and again, you want the Wall S.H.I., you know, want journal, get that for $6 at the weekend, $5 every day.
  Or the Trends Journal, if you go to jonestrends.com, for $2.50 a week.
  The banks are going to go bust, and they don't have the money to cover it.
  No one's talking about this.
  We're giving you the facts here.
  They don't have the money to cover the losses.
  And the banks are going bust because of, again, tracking trends is the understanding of how we got here, where we are, and where we're going.
  And all things are connected.
  The COVID war, when people started working at home and they didn't want to go back to work, saying, I got to be crazy getting up at five o'clock in the morning to commute an hour and a half each way.
  How do I do that?
  I'm nuts.
  I'm not doing it anymore.
  I'm not gonna spend the money, and I'm not gonna do it.
  You're working from home.
  Not a guy that has 10, 15, 20 stories in a building.
  I don't see him anywhere.
  They're in all these cubicles.
  I don't care.
  Yeah, work from home.
  Come down a couple of days a week.
  Your office occupancy rate, according to Castle Systems with a K,
  Is that 48.8%?
  All right.
  Let's go back to the COVID war when it began in 2020.
  And they locked down everything.
  Two weeks to flatten the curve.
  Okay, okay.
  Remember that line?
  Oh, it'll come back.
  It'll come back.
  Oh, don't worry.
  After Labor Day, people will be going back to work.
  No, no, they didn't.
  We said they wouldn't and they didn't.
  In May of 2020, we forecast the office building bust, and it's here in front of everybody's eyes to see, but the prostitute media does not report on it at all.
  Zip, nada, nothing.
  Nothing.
  Goes back to the banks.
  You're going to start seeing the faults on trillions of dollars of loans coming up in the commercial real estate sector.
  There are $4 trillion worth of commercial real estate loans coming up in the next two years and four months.
  Yeah.
  And they're artificially extending a number of these loans.
  So anyway, we're going back, we're giving you the information about why this is so important and how, again, we're just nothing more than plantation workers of Slavelandia.
  The big zone everything.
  Chinese stocks, by the way, last week,
  They fell to their lowest level since January 2019.
  Remember, the COVID war starts in 2020.
  All right.
  This is a country of 1.4 billion people and the second largest economy in the world.
  Oh, how about the third largest economy in the world, Germany?
  Oh, they're doing crappy too.
  Yeah.
  They're on the brink of recession.
  They're going through very difficult times.
  And again, the rapid slowdown in Chinese economy is bringing down oil prices.
  The IE forecast this year global demand to grow 903,000 barrels a day.
  They lowered it from 970,000.
  In the first half of the year, global demand growth continued to decelerate with gains of 800,000 barrels per day.
  You ready?
  The lowest since 2020.
  The lowest since 2020?
  When everything was locked down?
  You see where this is going?
  And that's why gold prices... We don't tell people what to do.
  We don't give investment advice.
  We give you our... We write what they're reporting.
  And we get our trends analysis and our trend forecasts and you think for yourself, we don't tell you what to do.
  China's oil demand is expected to expand by only 180,000 barrels a day.
  Yep.
  And again, the Fed.
  This is the language that they use, by the way, in the prestitute media.
  This is the Financial Times.
  I just read to you what they said about Wall Street on parade, about how the Fed backed off from raising the amount that lenders need to be holding.
  This is the Financial Times.
  Fed humbled on capital rule plan after fierce Wall Street opposition.
  Yep.
  One of the fiercest opposition campaigns in the bank lobby and bipartisan group in U.S.
  lawmakers.
  Yep.
  Isn't that something?
  Backed off in front of everybody's eyes.
  Hardly news.
  And no, people don't care about it, don't know about it.
  Yeah, but did Taylor Swift have sex last night?
  You know, look, Ben Affleck and his girlfriend, every damn time.
  What do I care about this crap?
  Again, Chinese economy is here.
  This is how tiny this news is reported.
  This is from the Taylor paper record.
  It wasn't even in the Financial Times, in the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal.
  US manufacturing contracted in August.
  Yep.
  You ready?
  The ISM said its manufacturing PMI rose to 47.2%.
  Two last month from 46.8 in July.
  Readings below 50 mean contraction.
  All right.
  Manufacturing is dying.
  You're going to see spending going down as they'll pop up again during the holiday season.
  So, more reporting on the Israel war.
  This is from the Israeli newspaper that we subscribe to because we want to know what everybody is saying.
  We go to IRNA, ISNA, Tehran Times.
  Want to hear what the Iranians are saying?
  Well, how dare you?
  You only have to hear what we're saying!
  And we go to Al Jazeera.
  Middle East Eye, Mideast Monitor, Arab News.
  Yeah, we want to hear what the Arabs are saying, the Persians are saying.
  We want to hear what everybody's saying.
  So this is my hot ads.
  And again, we pay to go to hot ads.
  U.S.
  State Department, no timetable for Israel Hamas proposal.
  How many times do we hear B.S.
  Blinken?
  The little daddy's boy.
  My daddy went to Hungary.
  My uncle was ambassador to Belgium.
  I went to Dalton.
  I went to Harvard.
  I played the guitar.
  That little arrogant clown boy, lying about a peace deal for how long?
  As Netanyahu's saying, we're not going to have a peace deal, but they kept that in the back news.
  No, we're going to, we're going to keep troops there in the Philadelphia area.
  Philadelphia.
  Yeah.
  Oh, you're a nice name.
  I'm for Arab land.
  Oh, Palestinian.
  Nope.
  No, I forgot.
  Stole the land.
  Yep.
  Netanyahu to top Biden envoy.
  Again, this is from Financial Friendly.
  Israel values U.S.
  support.
  Oh, wait a minute.
  Israel values U.S.
  support?
  You mean the billions of dollars that we shoveled into you?
  To keep slaughtering these people?
  My tax money?
  Value it?
  But we'll do what is necessary to tackle Hezbollah threats.
  And again, they call Hezbollah terrorists.
  Hezbollah are the ones that threw out the Israelis when they invaded Lebanon in 2006.
  And they're much more advanced than them.
  They're going to keep ramping up this war because Netanyahu, as I say, when all else fails, they take you to war.
  People forget about the 39 weeks of judicial protest when he wanted to do away with the court system so he wouldn't have to be brought up on the charges.
  And then the terrible Hamas attack happened.
  Everybody forgot about it.
  This is the propaganda that they use.
  This is from the Turla paper record.
  Palestinian militants in West Bank flex new capabilities, adding to a spiral of violence.
  Militants?
  Israel keeps killing.
  Oh, well, let's see.
  The number that I had here was over 600 people have been killed in the West Bank since the Gaza war.
  600.
  Israel has no right to be in the West Bank.
  It's against the Geneva Convention and Article 242 of the United Nations.
  They're not militants.
  So if some guy comes in here, or a gang of guys come in here, and they try to take over my house and do what they want, and I blow their brains out because they're going to blow my brains out, I guess I'm a militant.
  Oh yeah, when America went to Iraq and went to Afghanistan, the people that were fighting them back, they were terrorists, they were militants.
  America could go wherever they want and kill anybody if they want, and so can Israel.
  Oh, they bombed Syria again, Israel?
  Oh, they only killed 15.
  Yeah.
  This is from antiwar.com.
  Israel strikes, kills 64 Palestinians.
  Across Gaza Strip.
  What?
  That's not the front page of the Wall Street Journal.
  Nope!
  Russians bombed the building!
  Okay.
  That's why you need to go to InfoWars.
  To get the big picture.
  And that's why you subscribe to the Trends Journal.
  Get to trends shaping the future.
  So you can prepare, prevail, and prosper.
  We're in difficult times.
  Support Trends Journal.
  Support InfoWars.
  See you soon.
  Today's conspiracy theories.
  Tomorrow's truths.
  Some of these conspiracy theories have turned out to be true.
  Which ones?
  The Trump-Russia witch hunt, Jeffrey Epstein, JFK assassination, the misuse of the Patriot Act, the Iraq War, the weapons of mass destruction, the war in Ukraine, the bombing of the Nord Stream Pipeline, the open border migration caravans, the climate change scam, Kim Trails, and HAARP, and 9-11 being an inside job, and the Internet of Things surveillance grid, and PFAs, and chemicals in the water turning everyone gay, and the 2020 election being stolen, and January 6 being filled with undercover feds,
  Donald J. Trump is now President of the United States.
  But it's an adventure to wear any of these shirts, but particularly this one.
  Get this design and so many others.
  They're limited edition at thealexshimstore.com.
  Keep us on air in our fight against the globalists.
  And I want to thank you so much for your support because literally when you
  You call in thanking me on air, I say stop because I'm thanking you.
  I love fighting the globalists.
  This is what I do.
  We've had such a huge effect together.
  So I want to thank you all for your past support and encourage you now to go to thealexshowstore.com and be sure to enter for the free truck and $10,000 and buy more product, support the broadcast and get entered 5 or 10 times depending on the day each time you buy a product.
  This new initiative is so important to the future, so everybody, if you support what we're doing and want to get great shirts and ball caps at the same time, go to thealexjonestore.com.
  And almost forgot, most t-shirts come in multiple colors.