While other networks lie to you about what's happening now, Infowars tells you the truth about what's happening next.
  Visit Infowars.com forward slash show and support the Infowars.
  Ladies and gentlemen...
  It is Sunday, November 17th, 2024.
  I come to you from the recaptured Infowars studios in South Austin.
  This is an incredibly important transmission.
  Share the links now.
  Tomorrow's news today.
  We are 63 days, 18 hours, 59 minutes, 20 seconds to the inauguration of George Washington 2.0.
  I'm your host, Alex Jones.
  I have made this prediction about 500 times, probably in the last six months, that if President Trump could override the giant election fraud, which we caught them red-handed in.
  The Democrats are now admitting to election fraud in Pennsylvania and saying, Trump's a tyrant, we're going to count illegal aliens' votes.
  I mean, it's just insane.
  I have predicted over and over again, really since the new expansion of the war started almost three years ago, In Ukraine, that if Trump got re-elected during the period that he was president-elect, that's 76 days,
  it was 79 in 2020, and he did get re-elected, but they stole it, that they would escalate the war with Russia into full war and create a crisis so big that they believe there'll be a smokescreen to take Trump out or just have a full war with Russia so he inherits a full war.
  That is not a hard prediction to make.
  Alright, so I'm sitting here two hours ago in my office researching and I got my computer on and I'm constantly hitting refresh on the best news source in the world because it's the integration of everything.
  Citizen journalists, government announcements, corporate media, live feeds and I just hit refresh on breaking news and news for you on X and on Trending, and boom!
  New York Times, bloop!
  About two hours, 20 minutes ago, bloop!
  Biden officially, not what he did three months ago where he greenlit it, but they said, yeah, the British ambassador said, yeah, he greenlit heavy missiles to bomb inside Russia.
  But he didn't, the ambassador said, well, but he doesn't want to have the U.S. blamed for it.
  Well, I mean, how do you not get the blame when the U.S. Builds the components, they're then put together in France, and then you bomb Russia with it.
  It's not like it's a thief in the night or a fart in the wind here.
  It's huge cruise missiles that can come into a one-foot, square-foot-sized target.
  I mean, they can hit you in the head with one from 1,000 miles away.
  That's the long-range versions.
  The ones they're giving them go 500.
  So...
  The fact that they announced that, yes, they're going to start bombing right away, and I've got the article right here, Biden allows Ukraine to strike Russia with long-range U.S. missiles.
  Well, Putin's clear he will consider that a direct attack by NATO with sophisticated heavy weapons.
  So that is an insane level escalation and is exactly, What you would expect him to do to create a global crisis of some type.
  A lot of different scenarios there will go through, obviously.
  You can think of your own, I'm sure.
  But Ukraine has totally lost the war.
  NATO has lost the war.
  NATO started it 14 years ago, overthrowing the government of Ukraine, and then admitted it was a proxy war, and admitted they were trying to lure Russia into a wider war, which Russia did.
  Three years ago, coming up in February.
  A little short of three years.
  And I don't even have words to describe how easy this was to predict and even more insane how dangerous it is.
  But we'll go over it.
  And then there's all of this other political firestorm news.
  Trump's appointments.
  Man, he's sitting on all cylinders.
  The deep state is in total panic mode.
  We're back in the Infowars studios.
  That hoax has collapsed.
  Just another wild-eyed criminal power grab, in my opinion.
  And we're going to just hit it all.
  Stay with us.
  All right.
  It is very fair to say we have the world's attention.
  These broadcasts are conservatively reaching 50 million people a day.
  We are reaching tens of millions of new people a day.
  And the reason that's important is, this isn't Dancing with the Stars.
  It's not an NFL football game or the NBA, which is all very entertaining.
  I like watching Tucker Carlson do the tango with a hot chick as much as anybody.
  But we're here trying to stop World War III. We're here trying to secure our borders and not have global hyperinflation.
  We're here trying to stop the public open rollout of pedophilia.
  We're here trying to stop the feds from shutting us down and throwing us back out of the building like they did Thursday and it blew up in their face and we're right back here.
  So to say we're at the heart of the battle and that means you watching and listening and spreading the word and supporting You are as much in the heart of the battle as I am.
  You are just as important as I am, and if anything ever sinks into your brain, I'm begging you on my knees to listen to me and understand that you have the power when you decide to use the power.
  And if you don't use your power to promote freedom and justice, you will be enslaved.
  That's the history of the damn world.
  It is a law of human nature.
  So let me tell you what's coming up today.
  I could set my watch by it, and I did.
  And I told you this till your ears bled.
  And I know you already knew this.
  You're the regular listeners that are the heart and blood and guts and brains and eyes and everything of this operation.
  The ears.
  The will.
  But we're always talking to the millions and millions and millions and millions of new people that are tuning in That do not know what's going on.
  So I try to do 80% of the show for people that want to have deeper knowledge.
  And I get it from guests.
  I get it from you.
  I get it from calls.
  We're all getting knowledge from each other.
  I'm not up here on the mountain like the prophet.
  And I've got all the answers.
  But I'm sure looking for them.
  Just like the old promo I've had for 27 years.
  You want answers?
  Well, so does he.
  He's Alex Jones.
  Not, I got all the answers.
  No, but I'm sure as hell looking for them.
  And I'm sure studying, so yeah, I do get more answers than almost anybody, because this is what I do.
  But you can set your watch during the 76 days of hell that I dubbed it back in 2020 before it happened, and I dubbed this one.
  And what did I say if you went on a landslide?
  What did I say they would do?
  There's a large spectrum of things.
  And most of you already know what I've said, but for new listeners, launch a false flag against minorities, migrants, black people somewhere, and say a Trump supporter did it.
  And they've got fake Nazis marching all over the country, and we'll get to that later, as a backdrop of all this, and saying Trump supporters are going to murder all the brown people any minute now.
  Obviously, even when that happens, who has the motive?
  Who told you it was coming?
  Who's been caught staging stuff before?
  Who stands to gain?
  Key bono.
  You got that going around.
  And they can release a new virus or release a chemical and say it's a virus and try to destabilize things.
  They had a Trump getting in as well, but they're running out of time there.
  They can do a massive cyber attack and knock out a bunch of critical infrastructure, internet, or even the power, and then blame it on the Russians.
  I've been saying that for four years since they stole the election in 2020.
  And then they've been pre-programming it the last few months, but they need a trigger.
  Well, after we bombed Russia with attack them and storm shadow missiles, which they've now announced officially starts now.
  That was announced two and a half hours ago.
  Oh my gosh, Russia knocked the power out.
  So that's what I see most of the programming going into.
  And you notice the last week and a half since Trump won, I said, look for cyber attack, power outages, Because they got all these scenarios going and primed and programmed, but when I see them really jump on something and start really hyping it, that's tilling the ground,
  that's gau lighting, to use the German term, before they launch the actual operation.
  So, what did Klaus Schwab say?
  A cyber attack will make COVID look like a minor inconvenience.
  It will be the cyber attack that brings in our world government.
  So after viruses, they said that's their number one thing to get control for the global government.
  Next is cyber attacks so they can blame on whoever they want.
  That's in the Vault 7 stuff from Snowden.
  Now the CIA was already constantly framing Russia over and over again for cyber attacks they were launching.
  And so you've got Biden saying months ago, well, I authorized, but not publicly, but it leaked out of the British government and then Biden didn't deny it.
  Well, now he officially, two and a half hours ago, in the New York Times, told the New York Times, yeah, we're going to start bombing right now with a bunch of different types of cruise missiles, not just storm shadows.
  And that's the United States and NATO bombing Russia with not some flimsy drones or cross-border attacks, but precision weapons that they can shoot through your window.
  They can fire this from a thousand miles away and fly it right through your front door.
  And then it blows up a square block.
  Or it can drop cluster bombs.
  And they've said they're going to start blowing up Russian strategic nuclear airfields.
  Now, do you know what the Russian and the U.S. doctrine, by the way, is?
  Our doctrines are basically identical.
  Because you war game and have the best scenario.
  Smart countries and people with all these weapons are going to basically put the same plan.
  That's the parody.
  Like we're watching the best two football teams in the NFL. They've got different players and different specialties, but it's still matched generally.
  So, in the doctrine, if Russia blew up U.S. strategic nuclear bomber airfields with B-52s on them, the United States would instantly fire We're good to go.
  That are up close to your border.
  That's the first thing you'd launch in a sneak attack.
  And once they start coming in...
  I'm going to explain this very slowly.
  The Russians don't know if they've got hydrogen bombs in them.
  So if the United States sees Russian cruise missiles fired from submarines in the Gulf of Mexico, the Pacific Ocean, or the Atlantic...
  Within a few minutes of that launching, the president already has the football out to nuke those launch sites.
  And then a minute later, they say, we recommend you go with plan.
  And then they pull out the plan.
  We believe the Russians are launching a full attack, sir.
  Go ahead and hit them.
  And then 30 minutes later, the world, as you know, is gone.
  Okay?
  So what did Russia say the last 20-plus years?
  If you keep taking over countries on our border...
  And you move missiles into them that could have nuclear weapons on the tips of them or inside of them.
  We are going to go to nuclear war with you.
  And I have a video clip of Putin saying it when Biden announced this a few months ago.
  So, you can't just say, oh, by the way, we're letting Ukraine attack you with these.
  Ukraine doesn't know how to work these, that's confirmed.
  And they're all guided by NATO-US satellites.
  So it's not just, oh, we're going to bomb with heavy explosives inside Russia.
  In doctrine, in the rules, okay, let's say they fire 100 attackums or storm shadows tomorrow, next week.
  The Russians now see NATO-sophisticated heavy missiles fired off the backs of mobile trucks, 18-wheelers, At them.
  And then what do you do?
  Okay, the first one's hit and they're just high explosive.
  But you now know you've been trained to accept heavy precision missiles fired in your country.
  So the average idiot leftist, they're all over the news right now, oh wonderful, Biden's decided to start bombing Russia proper.
  Oh yes, that's wonderful.
  Because under the tactical plans and all the war games by NATO, by the U.S., by the U.K., by the Russians, by the Chinese, the doctrine is all the same.
  Somebody starts firing high-powered precision missiles that are designed, and their main mission is to carry nuclear weapons.
  You can put in one of these attack-ems or a storm shadow A hydrogen bomb, one of them, that would destroy all of Moscow.
  How many people are in Moscow?
  Well, what is it?
  I'm guessing.
  I don't remember the number.
  25 million or something?
  Pull up.
  Oh, my memory's right.
  25 million people.
  So you can kill almost...
  Let's say you only killed 20 million that weren't below ground.
  You're going to kill 20 million people.
  What do you think's going to happen?
  So, I guess Sean Penn said two years ago, we've got to stop being afraid to use nuclear weapons.
  We need to go ahead and use them.
  Nuclear weapons need to be on the table.
  Yeah, that sounds real smart.
  How's your house out in Malibu, Sean, going to be when, you know, 25, 30 sea launch cruise missiles that are about three minutes away, if they're even far out to sea, if they're close, about 60 seconds.
  How are you going to like that thing launches and then goes hypersonic in like 20 seconds and then they admit on the submarines they've got Mach 9 missiles, they've got Mach 15 missiles, ground based.
  Now they're testing Mach 18 missiles.
  Nothing can shoot it down.
  That's called a hypersonic missile.
  And you're like, well, we got submarines too!
  Yeah!
  And that's called MAD. Because you gotta be crazy to do it.
  Mutually assured destruction.
  I'm gonna say it again.
  And again, in most of these war games, they show ICBM launches from ground-based systems.
  Continental-based systems.
  That's not even what you gotta worry about.
  It's the submarines.
  One Russian submarine can turn the entire East Coast from Boston all the way down to Atlanta into a cindering,
  burning rubble pile in 10 minutes.
  You know how many Russian submarines are off the East Coast right now?
  Probably about 20.
  You know what I mean in the Gulf of Mexico?
  20 or more.
  You know what I mean in the Pacific?
  20 or more.
  And there's a lot of other surprises.
  And all they gotta do is pop up for one minute and they've got other systems that can be launched from below the water.
  They've got giant nuclear torpedoes that they fire from, you know, a mile or two off that...
  Are also really fast.
  And one of those comes in at 500 miles an hour.
  And where's Los Angeles now?
  Oh, and the Russians in those torpedoes?
  Put giant hydrogen bombs in them.
  Get ready for this.
  A thousand times stronger than I think?
  Everything I said, you can go study it.
  You can learn.
  I'm telling you the admitted military default doctrine.
  I know you're still busy thinking two men can have a baby.
  I got that.
  You think sex with kids is just a sexual preference.
  I understand you're whacked out of your brain.
  But I am slowly explaining this to the new listeners.
  So that's why Biden said two years ago, we can't give tanks and F-16s to Ukraine, because that escalates things on the threat ladder, and then that goes to World War III. That's why when Obama wanted to attack the Russians in Syria,
  the chairman of the Joint Chiefs We can't do that because then we'll be in a full war with the Russians and that's World War III because their doctrine is if we actually attack their forces and it's anywhere near their border they're going to use tactical nuclear weapons and then we're going to hit them and then boom five minutes after tactical nuclear weapons are used I mean Biden doesn't even answer the telephone from Putin so
  The decisions will be made in the bunkers in Russia and the United States and the UK and NATO for total release on each other.
  And then the surface of the earth will be unlivable.
  All the nuclear reactors will melt down.
  They are thousands of times, tens of thousands of times, you count them all, worse radiation than a hydrogen bomb.
  Because most of the radiation goes away from a hydrogen bomb.
  It dissipates.
  There's some fallout, but it's low-level radiation compared to a nuclear reactor melting down.
  That throws off really bad stuff.
  And if you want to be in a basement with your teeth falling out and blood running out at the end of your ass a week after an These things melt down no matter how much food and stuff you've got.
  I mean, if you want all your fast-growing cells to die, that's all your intestine walls, your mouth...
  You want to watch your wife and kids with blood pouring out of their eyeballs from radiation, then you're really going to enjoy this.
  I mean, you're going to love nuclear war.
  You're going to love nuclear reactors molting down.
  You are going to love nuclear winter.
  You're going to love whoever survives literal cannibalism.
  If you've seen Viggo Mortensen's The Road, that will look like a cakewalk, okay, for the survivors.
  All the estimates show full nuclear war, 8 billion are dead, the 500 million that might survive will then just go into total bedlam.
  Maybe we're left with 10 million people after about 10 years.
  Maybe.
  So, that's where we are.
  And obviously this is being done to hold everybody hostage.
  It's meant to try to attack Russia with these.
  And even if Russia doesn't follow its doctrine and lets NATO start bombing it with precision, long-range, heavy missiles.
  Because again, if you want to take out their nuclear fields, you start firing regular missiles at them with regular high explosive.
  And then they don't know when the nukes are coming.
  And they're talking, you know, 30 seconds, a minute away from those Russian military targets with these missiles.
  So they can barely even shoot them down.
  A lot of them they can't shoot down.
  So they're coming in like this, bam, bam, bam.
  And then maybe the Russians just say, well, we'll try to shoot them down.
  We'll take these hits.
  But the Russian military is just saying, we can't do that because this is perfect for a nuclear sneak attack.
  If they fire these at us...
  We've got to try to shoot them down, and then we'll have to hit a major city with a nuclear weapon.
  We'll have to get them on the phone and say, okay, we're about to...
  And they've told the United States this.
  All right, set up a full nuclear war.
  If you do it, we're going to blow up a major target, a military target, but near a city, with a tactical nuclear weapon.
  And then if you respond, anything after that, we know it's full nuclear war.
  So that's like the shot across the bow, but the last one you can do, and then you're probably still in a full nuclear war.
  This is doctrine, okay?
  So if the Russia follows its standard doctrine and these cruise missiles are fired in, they will then tactical nuke a NATO target.
  And the Russians were picking...
  Places in Ukraine, they were picking...
  They were openly saying we're looking at hitting this big military depot outside of...
  Where is it in Poland?
  Krakow or wherever that is.
  And then Miedev goes, now we'll just hit Paris to threaten people.
  I don't think that's what they're going to do.
  But they'll probably hit something in Ukraine.
  They'll probably nuke Zelensky.
  And then...
  The globalists are going to panic.
  Full nuclear war.
  We're all dead.
  I mean, they're not going to call the Russians back.
  All these psychotic people that run our government, they'll just go to full nuclear war.
  So that's where we are.
  Now, the Russians might go ahead and start accepting the missile attacks, even though that allows NATO to launch a nuke attack.
  Then the globalists will launch a cyber attack, cut the power off, and say the Russians did it.
  So I hope somebody is advising Trump on this, because he needs to come out on TV and explain this, and I know that sounds crazy and it's dangerous, but that's the doctrine.
  So they stop.
  Because even if the Russians don't respond to this, which it is the very good chance at the end of the world, The globalists will then self-inflict a wound and say the Russians did it.
  Remember Hillary in those clips we always play, right before she lost the 2016 election?
  It's in the nuclear war.
  Jerry McBreen, Leanne McAdoo are both in it.
  A little fiction piece we put out about vote November 8th, like your life depends on it.
  Or November 5th, whatever the date was.
  But the point is, is that We had the real clip of Hillary in there saying, if there's a cyber attack, we will attack Russia.
  You pull the articles and videos of her just saying, maybe we just find the actual clip, type in like, love to search it, it'll be somewhere on YouTube, it's like, so old now, it's like eight plus years old, but she's like, if the Russians launch a cyber attack, we will attack Russia.
  And that's a video of her on TV saying, and It's the perfect way to attack somebody without having the proof they did it if you want to go ahead and have a reason to attack the Russians, which the people that run our country have already done by starting this proxy war that is the detonator and the excuse for all of this.
  So...
  If you think the globalists are going to turn loose of power, because this is a real revolution against them.
  This is a real global political realignment.
  We have real people getting in, not just here, but all over the world.
  Patriots are winning elections in Germany and in Austria and just Italy, everywhere.
  And the globalists are in full panic mode.
  People know they're evil.
  They know about their plan.
  Now Musk and Trump are going after Fauci and they've got RFK Jr.
  and all of it.
  Trump's doing the right thing now.
  And so they see the writing on the wall, and they're like, well, we'll have a great reset for you.
  We'll just start a nuclear war.
  So I've not wanted violence, and I'm not calling for violence, but I'm going to just say to the military and all the bureaucrats and everybody, I mean...
  What is somebody supposed to do in NATO or the U.S. military if they're ordered to fire a giant cruise missile at Moscow?
  I mean...
  Russia's not attacking our cities and we're gonna fire a cruise missile at them.
  This is like suicidal.
  All I'm saying is, folks, don't follow those orders, okay?
  I mean, this is serious business.
  We'll be right back.
  My mission on air is to tell the truth, to rally humanity, and fight the globalists.
  And we've done one of the best jobs out there thanks to your support.
  So we know Infowars could easily be shut down on November 13th.
  We're gonna find out.
  But regardless, we've got great sponsors that are backing us to make sure the message of liberty and freedom and the resistance to the WF, Bill Gates, Barack Obama, King Charles, Kamala Harris, New World Order continues to be in their face and continues to keep myself and the great crew at the tip of the spear.
  So, we have a great sponsor at thealexshonestore.com with amazing t-shirts and caps and hoodies.
  They're really some of the best designs out there and they fund The fight against the New World Order.
  We've also brought you some of the very best supplements.
  And we could have had a whole huge line by now, but we want to go out to the very best companies and get agreements to private label already best sellers that are the top rated.
  That way we know you're getting the best.
  So we've got the CMOS gummies, the CMOS capsules, total superfood.
  Then we have the mega superfood with over 90 ingredients, the Optimal Human.
  It's the best of the green drinks out there, hands down, plus the energy is amazing.
  That's all at thealexjohnestore.com.
  But now we are announcing The ultimate probiotic.
  That's the line, ultimate.
  And it's just a very high-quality probiotic, the foundation that everybody needs, at a very affordable price.
  Upwards of 50% off when you buy multiple bottles.
  Big sales.
  Everything's at least 30% off when it comes to supplements at thealexjonesstore.com.
  This is a high-end, quality probiotic.
  It helps your gut be healthier, helps you absorb nutrients better, helps your whole immune system, and you will find ultimate probiotic With 60 billion, that's a very high number if you don't know about probiotics, at thealexshowstore.com.
  A whole bunch of other great stuff's coming out in the next few weeks, so continue to check out the URL, thealexshowstore.com, and I thank you from the bottom of my heart for your support.
  We salute you.
  The bottom line on nuclear weapons is that when the president gives the order, it must be followed.
  There's about four minutes between the order being given and the people responsible for launching nuclear weapons to do so.
  As president, I will make it clear.
  That the United States will treat cyber attacks just like any other attack.
  We will be ready with serious political, economic, and military responses.
  They're voting for peace on planet Earth if they vote for Trump.
  But if they vote for Hillary, it's war.
  We came, we saw, he died.
  With her, you'll end up in World War III. I want the Iranians to know that if I'm the president, we will attack Iran.
  Right now, Senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria would require us to go to war against Syria and Russia.
  The US military has just raised the threat level to DEFCON 2.
  Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton is still threatening Russia with military action following unconfirmed reports of further hacking.
  It's like she's not even concerned about the repercussions.
  Of course not, because she's- There's a really loud noise.
  All right, looks like we're having a little bit of technical difficulties.
  We'll try to get Leanne back on in a few minutes.
  When the president gives the order, it must be followed.
  A lot of people tuning in right now to this live Sunday, November 17, 2024, broadcast at 435 Central, would probably be thinking I'd be talking about myself.
  Would probably be thinking that I would be talking about Infowars and all the crazy stuff in the news right now that's affecting us.
  But stopping nuclear war is more important than this show and what's happening to us, though it's very newsworthy and though it's very important.
  And it feeds into everything we're facing and what's going on and the choice we have.
  But here's the bottom line.
  If we have free speech and a free open society, we can stop this craziness.
  But not if we don't.
  And that's why the deep state wants us off the air and had the Justice Department again illegally try to close us Last week.
  And we were out of the building.
  No judge's order.
  There was not an auction authorized by the judge.
  He had said that we could have an auction in the future.
  We have to have hearings.
  Mr.
  Jones has to agree.
  We have to go over that.
  Jones has a right to contest you saying you own his name.
  The judge says, I'm not doing that.
  I can tell you.
  But if you want to have a hearing.
  He said, okay, we'll have the hearing.
  They went ahead and had the auction.
  Left my name, URLs of my name, all that in there, violated his order.
  Then it turns out they didn't have the auction.
  They had a secret private sale.
  And now we have all the documents that we got after the fake auction, and it's damning.
  And I'm going to leave it at that.
  But when I see stuff like that, I don't go, oh...
  Poor me.
  I go, okay, why did they just have the Justice Department on May 31st order private security without a court order to close the doors?
  And I went on the air that night when we caught them trying it.
  And I said, go ahead and try to close the doors.
  I'm calling the police.
  You don't have a document, nothing.
  And I went on air and I said, they're getting ready to kill Trump.
  They're getting ready to, they had plans for martial law after he was killed.
  That's all come out.
  Biden put martial law plans on the books and plans for military dictatorship and killing U.S. citizens.
  That's all public.
  You're a new listener?
  Just check it out.
  Type in what I said.
  It's all over the news.
  Joe Rogan talked about it.
  Biden defended it.
  My point is, is that the judge fired that trustee, but the feds have a right under federal law to their bankruptcy division to put him back in, to put another one in, and then this guy...
  Did what he wanted again.
  And then when they realized that they illegally grabbed this building, they said, oh, please come back.
  We're letting you come back in.
  You didn't let us back into the building.
  I told the U.S. trustee that morning, Thursday morning, here, he was here.
  I said, you're going to get in a lot of trouble.
  Rob Duke was there with me.
  Went over there with me.
  He was over in the other building.
  I said, this is wrong.
  You're going to get in a lot of trouble with the judge.
  I advise you to stop.
  He said, Alex, I want you off the air.
  And then he started ordering the IT companies that we have contracts with to turn off InfoWars, to turn off everything.
  And then he gave orders to pull the plug on the feeds in here right after I left the building to my other backup studios, Dallas Hills Networks.
  I'll get to all that.
  And Elon Musk has entered the case.
  Yes, his lawyers were there.
  Yes, I can tell you why he's doing it.
  Yes, that's an exclusive.
  Yes, it's important.
  Yes, I'll talk about it.
  But it's more important, why do they keep doing that?
  Because the orders have come down.
  They had the federal official over the federal bankruptcy system in Texas from the Justice Department two years ago when we declared corporate bankruptcy, tell my lawyers.
  Mr.
  Jones will not be afforded the bankruptcy system.
  And nothing he does will overcome that.
  He will be shut down.
  Some of these lawyers have been practicing for 45 years.
  Well known, respected.
  I mean, bankruptcy lawyers that had handled $10 billion bankruptcies for major companies.
  And they said, whoa, this is the big leagues.
  This is politics.
  So, the Justice Department has illegally tried to close us again.
  And I just say, what are they planning?
  Well, I said, they're trying to get us off the air during the 76 days he's president-elect.
  Now we're 63 days out, and what did I say?
  Had the archivist find it, most listeners saw me say it, but I want you to know what I'm talking about.
  They will start bombing Russia with long-range heavy missiles.
  And Russia's doctrine is they go to full war.
  That's not even denied by mainstream media.
  They admit it.
  I'll show you articles in a moment.
  To hand Trump a full-blown war on the good end, on the lesser of evils, and potentially a full nuclear war.
  I mean, a probability of it.
  And I can't believe...
  I'm on air on Sunday, November 17th, having to say it's happening.
  Now, maybe this is just a super detente, the opposite of detente.
  This is an anti-detente.
  Trying to escalate into war.
  Detente.
  Pull up the definition of detente from my memory.
  It's diplomacy to stop war.
  So this is the diplomacy to start a war.
  And it's so easy to predict a desperate deep state, cornered, would hold a gun to our head and say, I stay in power or we all die.
  And we're at that moment where the bank robbers go in, they're robbing the place, the cops get called, they get there, they go, oh, the cops!
  So they grab the tellers, put guns in their head.
  It's a relaxation of strained relations, especially political ones, through verbal communication.
  Yeah.
  It's dialing back nuclear war during the Cuban Missile Crisis.
  So this is the anti-detente.
  So I've studied diplomacy.
  I study history.
  It's fascinating.
  I study warfare, military doctrine.
  It's fascinating.
  The potential end of the world is pretty fascinating.
  Why would I want to go watch some science fiction movie with aliens popping out of people's bellies or some stupid crap?
  When I could read all about actual, how nuclear war would go down.
  I've probably read, let's not exaggerate, 15, 20 books on it.
  Probably watched 100 TV shows on it.
  Read thousands of news articles about it.
  Interviewed hundreds of top experts on it.
  It's just, you know, I'm kind of a weirdo.
  I'm kind of into nuclear weapons.
  The different types of them, the different other types of weapons they've got.
  Neutron bombs.
  Different delivery systems.
  Hypersonic missiles.
  Space-based weapons.
  Meteor guns.
  DU Shabos.
  Smalls.
  Smart pellets.
  Particle beam accelerators.
  X-ray lasers.
  You know, I interviewed the head of the Star Wars program before he died a couple times.
  So, I'm here trying to warn people and stating the fact of doctrine, military doctrine, That this moves us one second to midnight if those cruise missiles start slamming into military targets in Russia.
  Because again, why class?
  I know most of you heard me, you already knew this, but for those who don't, why again?
  Why?
  Because what did Russia say?
  You're moving up to our borders.
  You're moving hypersonic missiles in.
  We don't care if you say they're conventional.
  They can easily have nuclear warheads put in them.
  And then you can sneak attack us and take out our nuclear response forces.
  And we are not going to accept a preemptive first strike.
  And the Pentagon under Obama said the U.S. now has gotten rid of our prohibition on first strike.
  And the Pentagon has now been given a doctrine to study and prepare for first strike.
  Offensive sneak attack strike.
  With nuclear weapons on Russia and China.
  Now, what does that do to them?
  It makes them expand their nuclear forces.
  It puts them on edge.
  It makes them take off the triggers.
  And then Russia came out and said, we now reserve the right for a first nuclear strike three years ago on the eve of the invasion of Ukraine.
  And then Vladimir Putin said two months ago that they reserve the right for first strikes.
  And we just put CNN on screen that if any missiles are fired at them that are NATO supplied of this type that can carry nuclear weapons, we will be at war with NATO. In fact,
  he said if the restrictions are lifted, In fact, Chase, I know you're out there.
  I can do it myself, but call Chase.
  I want to make sure he's in there.
  He does a great job.
  I want to retweet all the live feeds with us right now.
  I'm giving you from memory what they all said, and I follow the doctrine, but notice the crew just reminded me.
  Can you come in here?
  I want to talk to him.
  Chase, please take that CNN article they just printed, because I was quoting for memory, but they pulled the exact quotes.
  It was worse than I said.
  Putin's official, Russia's official doctrine, when Biden said they greenlit hypersonic Heavy nuclear-capable missiles to be fired at Russia, and they noticed they didn't do it.
  Putin said he would be, just the delivery and the authorization would mean Russia was officially at war with NATO, meaning the United States.
  So, because we don't ever exaggerate here, we just go with what the threat escalation on the RAND Corporation, threat escalation, continuum ladder is, which the Russians also follow.
  Yeah, so the official announcement three hours ago by Biden that the missiles are being delivered and will be used on Russia means that Russia's policy is they are now officially at war with the United States.
  So we need to get that headline right.
  Hold on, I'm wargaming it.
  Let's come up with this headline right now in front of the listeners because this is happening.
  Guys, put the CNN headline back up.
  I don't just believe CNN. It was put out on RT. It was rush.
  He gave speeches.
  I actually got the speeches here.
  But breaking.
  Because it's retroactive.
  It's already a set policy.
  I would say Biden's announcement that Western cruise missiles will be launched at Russia means It's a simpler headline.
  It just needs to be...
  It's not just about writing this headline, folks.
  This is what this is.
  I'm coming up with what this really is.
  And, of course, I don't let other people set the narratives.
  We announced first that Trump had won.
  We could see the numbers.
  Hours and hours before anybody else.
  We did it first.
  Of course, we were right.
  Because I don't just sit here and never make a decision when I know I'm right.
  And so...
  But this is important because you need to know this now.
  And I think you already know what I'm about to say.
  Vladimir Putin says Russia now, quote, at war with NATO after Biden confirms long-range missile restrictions have been lifted.
  Watch live.
  World War III alert.
  Put it out on every feed.
  So, their default is, you green light the missiles, which they are delivered, we are officially at war with you.
  I mean, can you imagine if Russia rolled nuclear-armed, capable-delivery missiles, and NATO already said, well, these aren't nuclear, how do they know?
  You see, if the Russians control Mexico and say they want to use Ukraine as, oh, we didn't start World War III, it was Ukraine.
  And if they put their Russian technicians in northern Mexico right across from SpaceX and now their missiles are 30 seconds away From Fort Bliss.
  One minute from San Antonio.
  One minute 20 seconds from Houston.
  One minute 45 seconds from Dallas.
  One minute 32 seconds from Austin.
  What would the United States do?
  They threatened nuclear war with the Russians, just like the Cuban Missile Crisis, when they were just a few minutes away after launch in Cuba, and the Russians took them and took them out.
  Now, you never really heard this in our news, but it was in Congress.
  The Russians responded to the U.S. putting nuclear-tipped, armed Nike systems, precursors of these, three generations back of the Atakums, the storm shadows, in Turkey.
  So see, those that don't know history are doomed to repeat it.
  What would the United States do?
  They would say to Russia, if you put hypersonic missiles on our border, we're in a state of war with you.
  No shit.
  So, that's where we are on Sunday, November 17, 2024.
  And now you understand what I said on the 31st of May when the Justice Department ordered this building closed without a court order, and I said, I'm not leaving.
  They're about to kill Trump.
  I knew what it was, that they want these shows off.
  Particularly this one, because I know what they do.
  You think the other talk show hosts that know about the New World Order and all, you think they have all the knowledge?
  I'm not saying, I mean, I have the smartest, but I study everything so I understand how the pieces all go together.
  There aren't other talk show hosts that understand all the pieces, other than Elon Musk.
  And, I mean, Tucker, he has more knowledge in many years than I do, but I think on the military stuff I have more than him.
  It's not a competition.
  I'm trying to explain why they want me off the air.
  So, of course they illegally shut the doors Thursday.
  And we're desperate because they're ordering their federal officers to do it and they're following orders.
  What did I say when this happened last week?
  I said something big is about to go down.
  This is about what they're going to pull on Trump.
  And I said on Thursday and Friday, I said they're probably about to blow the hell out of Russia.
  Walking here, getting ready.
  Three hours ago, the announcement.
  So, this is bad.
  And, you know, these missiles are remote control now.
  They can have the technicians go set them up.
  They're controlled by satellite.
  They don't even need the technicians, NATO technicians, British, French, U.S., you name it.
  Let's admit it, the Ukrainians aren't running them.
  They don't even need them to do that.
  NATO thinks it can play this game where if the missiles get launched out of Ukraine, Russia will.
  Has nothing that it can respond.
  Now, Russia says, we know you launched the war.
  It's on record.
  They admit NATO runs it.
  The CIA runs it.
  And if you do this, we're at war with you.
  Not if you even fire the missiles.
  See, I have to correct myself.
  I'm dialing this back because I don't want to...
  I'm not trying to exaggerate.
  Who wants to exaggerate into the world potential?
  So I'm like, well, if they fire these missiles, there's a really good chance Russia will be at full war with us.
  And Putin's like, no, no, no.
  If you authorize it, That's why, a couple months ago, it was like, well, England says they're greenlit by Biden to start the attacks.
  And there was a big diplomatic row, big fight, and the Prime Minister ran over here and he comes in and goes, well, the New York Times was told, well, we're authorized to do it, but Biden doesn't want to publicly say it because he doesn't want the U.S. to get blamed.
  Get blamed, you're about to start World War III! But now Biden today says, yeah, I authorize it, start blowing the hell out of the Russians.
  I mean, I don't have words to describe how insane this is.
  So I'm going to say it again.
  If you go on X right now, the top stories are the NFL. Here, let me show you.
  I'm just not bashing X. It's just what people are searching and looking at.
  And then way down there is Biden greenlights and says the bombardment of Russia will commence.
  Fire at will!
  The Death Star.
  Yeah, there it is.
  Oh, the Ravens, the Bears, the Jets, the Falcons, Mahomes, Josh Allen.
  Wow, isn't that important?
  Oh, and then down there, number eight, World War III. By the way, I don't think it's a laughing matter.
  It's just better to laugh than cry.
  So...
  Trump knows this.
  Elon Musk knows this.
  I know this.
  But the average person's like...
  The average liberal's like, yeah, blow them Russians up.
  Okay.
  I mean...
  The left wants to rape your children, cut their penises off, and destroy the surface of the earth.
  That's not even an exaggeration.
  They're not like Satanists.
  They are basically demons walking the earth.
  I mean, look at this.
  Biden allows Ukraine to strike Russia with long-range U.S. missiles.
  With two months left in office, the president, for the first time, has authorized the Ukrainian military to use systems known as ATACMS to help defend its forces in Kursk, region of Russia.
  North Korean troops are reportedly in the fight, so Biden has authorized the first use of U.S.-supplied long-range missiles by Ukraine for strikes inside Russia.
  U.S. officials said the weapons are likely to be initially employed against Russia and North Korean troops in defenses of Ukraine forces in Kursk, region of Western Russia, the officials said.
  Oh, they're going to bomb the North Korean troops in Russia.
  I wonder what North Korea will do to South Korea.
  Talk about escalation.
  And what has China always said?
  They'll use North Korea as the excuse for World War III, and the detonator, the proxy, and then now the West wants to use Ukraine as the detonator.
  The weapons are likely to be initially employed against Russian and North Korean troops in defense of Ukraine forces in Kursk region of Western Russia.
  The Biden decision is a major change in U.S. policy.
  Oh, yeah.
  The choice has divided his advisors.
  You think so?
  And shift comes two months before President-elect Donald John Trump takes office, having vowed to limit further support for Ukraine.
  Oh, there are some advisors that don't want to die?
  Okay.
  There's a couple people that aren't totally stark raving mad.
  Allowing the Ukrainians to use the long-range missiles, known as the Army Tactical Missile Systems, came in response to Russia's surprise decision to bring North Korean troops in the fight.
  Well, they admit NATO troops are their fighting.
  President Zelensky of Ukraine did not confirm the permission to strike, but suggested Sunday that more important thing, lifting the restrictions would be number of missiles used to strike the Russians.
  Yes, he wants more inside Russia.
  Today, many in the media are talking about the fact that we have received permission to take appropriate action, Mrs.
  Galinsky said in his nightly address.
  But blows are not inflicted with words.
  Such things are not announced.
  The rockets will speak for themselves.
  Yeah.
  The mushroom clouds will speak for themselves, too.
  A literal...
  Gay prostitute actor is the front man for World War III. You can't make it up, man.
  Okay, we're going to start the second hour, get more into this and a lot more.
  Here we are!
  You think they're gonna just let Trump get into office?
  Nope.
  Nuclear war.
  We'll be right back.
  As almost everybody watching knows, today, while I'm shooting this announcement, November 13th, 2024, InfoWars was up for sale at this big federal court-ordered bankruptcy auction.
  But then, a few days before the auction, they said it will no longer be public, and people can just put in one bid.
  And then we'll announce who the winner is, and it's all being kept secret.
  And then now, just a few minutes ago, we were told, well, we might tell you tomorrow or maybe in a week.
  Who knows?
  So everything about this case has been crazy.
  The Democrats, the Justice Department have been caught involved filing the fake lawsuits, having the judges find us guilty, having HBO there to shoot show trials, literally where the jury was told I was guilty, and when they were just there to decide how much money I owed people I did nothing to.
  So this has been one hell of a fight, but we're still on air at InfoWars.
  But regardless, our great sponsors at thealexjonesstore.com with incredible supplements and amazing Patriot gear have been helping us continue to stay on air and prepare to launch the Alex Jones Network.
  Where we won't miss a beat.
  And if you remember when they first came on three months ago as a sponsor, they launched that incredible Super Dodge pickup giveaway sweepstakes where every time you buy something at theologyofthestore.com, you get entered to win the raffle for the truck.
  And the way those laws work is you have to wait a few weeks until any mail order entries come in.
  But that's going to get announced, the winner, here in just a few days.
  And regardless of whether Infoward is on the air or not, the Alex Jones Network will be on air.
  And so you'll see the winner, the announcement, we're going to invite them to Austin, and so much more.
  So now...
  We were going to do this in a few weeks, but now our great sponsor is doing it early because we're calling it the Darkest Hour giveaway, ladies and gentlemen.
  Another incredible pickup truck, super off-road package, this time from Ford.
  I'll read over the specs in a moment.
  It's a beautiful truck.
  Super high ratings and you get $10,000 in cash on top of it for the lucky winner.
  And there's so much more at TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  When you're a VIP member, you get $40 a month to spend in the store for your $30 a month membership.
  You can cancel any time.
  So we're going to buy anything in the store.
  We're good to go.
  Keep the transmission on the air.
  We are so excited about it.
  Check out all the great supplements, all the great patriot apparel, limited edition knives, and so much more at thealexjonesstore.com.
  And whatever you do, click on the VIP link in the top right-hand corner and become a VIP member because you get 40 bucks To spend the store each month for your $30 you put down.
  Cancel any time.
  We send you a lot of special offers, special sales, special product offers that nobody else gets access to as a VIP. Thanks for keeping us on the air.
  It's so exciting to see the big win with Trump.
  Now we've got to stay on air to back his agenda to make America great again and go after the deep state globalists.
  God bless you all.
  Thank you all for your support.
  Alright, we were on 350-something radio stations with them trying to take us off the air.
  We've got 420-something radio stations set to pick us up at 6 after.
  So I'm going to go back into all the historic, earth-shaking, insane World War III escalation news.
  63 days out from Trump getting in, all the other political news, the big political fights, all of it.
  And I was fully ready for all this other important stuff, but this World War III escalation just came right in the middle of it.
  But hopefully we avert this.
  We've got to.
  I don't want to die.
  I don't want my kids to die.
  I don't want you to die.
  Just pray.
  That's the most important thing.
  I've got to continue to operate as if we're going to be here.
  So we've got great sponsors, great products, great supplements, great t-shirts, great Patriot apparel, thealexjonesstore.com.
  Become a VIP member.
  Get $40 a month.
  $30 a month to be a VIP member.
  Cancel any time.
  Infowarsstore.com.
  And also my dad's company, drjonesnaturals.com.
  announcement right in the middle of the November 5th, 2024 election.
  We'll be running this for a week or so.
  And it looks like a big Trump win, but they are in full steam ahead with election fraud levels ever foreseen.
  Regardless of whether we're able to defeat this fraud or not, the awakening And the massive amount of support for Trump and traditional liberals and others waking up and joining us and realizing the Democratic Party ally with the neocons is cancer has been incredible.
  And it's part of the larger global realignment happening all over the planet.
  But we can't control everything individually.
  We can just work towards a better outcome.
  And it's a process and we're starting to get traction.
  And I've got faith.
  But regardless, with all the garbage and all the viruses out there and all the drug resistance and Antibiotic resistant bacteria and crap that's out there, especially in the winter when our immune systems are down, it is so important to boost our body's defenses naturally that God gave us.
  Now, if you go to our great sponsor, DrJonesNaturals.com, there's a lot of great products.
  And they're key to keeping us on the air if InfoWars is shut down next week, or if we're not shut down, continuing on here.
  We try to bring you through our sponsors' amazing products.
  Now, we've got two new products at DrJonesNaturals.com that are staples, that are known and amazing.
  And these are high-quality versions of it, the best organic sources, and at very, very low prices.
  Two new products, introductory price, limited time, 40% off.
  And everybody needs quercetin.
  And everybody needs high-quality CoQ10.
  And both of these are high-quality, large doses at a very low price.
  Most competing brands, say, of CoQ10 of this quality and this dose, on average are about $60 a bottle.
  This is way, way lower than that, and it funds the Infowar.
  And then, of course, quercetin max, really strong, high-powered quercetin.
  Let me tell you, in case you don't know, what these do.
  CoQ10, massive energy production, cellular power, cleaning out the cells, antioxidant properties, heart health.
  This is all on record.
  This is admitted.
  Improved exercise performance, cognitive health, diabetes management, skin health, immune support.
  I mean, you just ask chat GPT this and it'll tell you.
  Let's look at quercetin, antioxidant properties, immune system support, anti-inflammatory effects, allergy relief, heart health, antiviral and antibacterial properties.
  That's the big one.
  Supports respiratory health, blood sugar regulation, improves exercise performance, brain health, cognitive, all of it.
  So these are amazing known staples that are so good for your body, your immune system, but not just so you have a better chance of not getting ill.
  It's the overall general quality of life you're gonna have.
  So I take both of these now at drjonesnaturals.com.
  They're available for 40% off limited time.
  And if InfoWars shuts down next week, We're not going to have InfoWars store anymore.
  We're going to have our sponsors like drjonesnaturals.com and the alexjonesstore.com for the equipment, the satellite uplinks, the crew, the servers, the reporters, the writers, just all of it.
  And the legal as we keep battling the globalists as they try to shut us down.
  So we're going to continue our amazing work.
  We cannot do without your support.
  This is a no brainer.
  You need to get this wherever you get it.
  If you got this stuff at Whole Foods, you know, they've got other great versions there.
  Everybody knows about Coruscant and CoQ10.
  These are established.
  These are known.
  These are the game changers.
  Get it from us.
  Get high quality.
  Get a low price.
  Keep us on air.
  That's the win-win.
  So please visit drjonesnaturals.com today and get these two great quality products.
  And there's so many other great ones there as well.
  Thanks for your support.
  Now go to drjonesnaturals.com and I thank you for your support.
  Five hours into preparation before that.
  And getting all the videos, all the stacks of articles, all the incredible news, the good, the bad, the ugly.
  63 days out of the inauguration, what I thought the enemy would pull.
  I was already coming in here saying an escalation with Russia.
  You've heard me every day saying that.
  And then I just saw the New York Times go up on X. And they published like 10 minutes before.
  And the Biden administration is now giving comments.
  The rest of the president said, yes, indeed.
  We're going to start bombing the Russian military and their military bases and the North Koreans that are there.
  I already read the New York Times article on air last hour if you're a new viewer.
  This is not a joke.
  And we went and got the doctrinal statements because I thought, why should I just quote you, Putin?
  I can actually show you the articles and quotes and we have the videos, which I'm going to play.
  That if the missiles are delivered, Russia would be in a state of war with NATO and the United States as well.
  And that if the missiles are fired because they don't know of their nuclear tip, that's what they're designed to do.
  That they think that is their missile defense forces about to be taken out in a sneak attack, which the Pentagon under Obama changed since the nuclear age in the 50s.
  I mean, it started in 45, but the doctrines were developed by the 50s when other people had them by then.
  Mutually assured destruction where you could never use a nuclear weapon because everybody will destroy each other.
  And then the Pentagon under Obama started saying, well, maybe we can have a first strike.
  So they changed the doctrine of the United States.
  You can type this in.
  The United States now has a first strike nuclear doctrine.
  That's why you watch Dr.
  Strangelove.
  It's about the true story of Curtis LeMay, the head of the Air Force, and General L.L. Lemonson of the Joint Staff came to Kennedy and said, we need to strike Russia during the Cuban Missile Crisis first with nukes.
  And they put it in that dark satire, Dr.
  Strangelove, Where the president says to General Jack T. Ripper, who is the character name for L.L. Limnancer, it is the avowed policy of the United States never to strike with nuclear weapons first.
  That's a Hollywood movie about the real policies and about what almost happened, but if it was carried through.
  And now, I love the Pentagon's spin on that since Obama.
  It's not a first strike, they just have no first use policy.
  Oh.
  The United States has not adopted no first use policy, which is a first use, for nuclear weapons, and the President has the authority to order a nuclear strike at any time.
  The United States deserves the right to use nuclear weapons first in certain circumstances.
  In response to a conventional biological chemical or cyber attack.
  Remember Hillary?
  If we say the Russian cyber attack is we nuke them.
  If a state is not in good standing under the non-proliferation treaty.
  That's North Korean people.
  If a state attacks the United States, its allies or forces in alliance with a nuclear capable state.
  So they are trying to use the gray area of Ukraine and try to induce the Russians by using these missiles, which in the Russian doctrine and U.S. doctrine, if Russia or China or anybody else rolled nuclear-capable missiles up to our border and aimed them at military bases,
  we would blow them up.
  And then you're off the races.
  So I just keep going over the doctrine for people that aren't into the military and into doctrine.
  Because I know the NFL is a lot cooler.
  The top trends on YouTube, the top trends on Yahoo, the top trends on Google, the top trends on X, it's all the NFL games.
  I had friends, you invite me again, oh, take your Sunday show off, come on, come over and watch a game.
  I'm like, you know, things are just too important.
  I'm kind of watching this game, the game of life.
  I'm just way too much into it.
  I'm a weirdo!
  No, I'm not.
  I got my head screwed on straight.
  And, you know, I'd be watching a football game right now if we weren't on the edge of nuclear war.
  I like football.
  Hey, I get invited to the UFC all the time, folks.
  But I've been invited out there by you name it.
  Joe's taken me many times.
  Haven't been in over a decade.
  Well, I guess I went like eight years ago with him.
  But the point is, is that I just can't do it.
  I just can't spend my time as needed would have been to see Jones get that guy with a reverse kick right in the side and knock him down last night.
  Amazing.
  But I did watch it later.
  The point is, just the highlights, because that's a little guilty pleasure.
  I mean, I like it as much as you do, okay?
  I can be third row.
  Right behind Trump.
  Because the first row is the reporters and there's the VIP row and all that.
  I've been in the front row, you know, the second row, right behind the many times.
  I just can't do it.
  Because my eye is on Pennsylvania and the Democrats admitting they're still counting illegal alien ballots in violation of state and federal law.
  And I have clips of the officials saying, we don't care about the law.
  Donald Trump's too big a danger.
  We do what we want now.
  I have multiple clips right here.
  So I guess I should just...
  Go over all of that.
  I'm ready to cover all that.
  I could go five hours with all these clips.
  But at the end of the day, we've got to raise the alarm, and that's the reason I talk about it not trending the top of anything, about World War III. It was like number eight on trending on X was World War III. Let's see where it is now.
  Because, you know, my point of this show is let's drive it to the top.
  Because it's more important than Mahomes.
  Democrat Party officials saying, we're going to count illegal alien votes.
  We don't care.
  We're going to let somebody vote a hundred times.
  We don't care.
  I have them saying it.
  Yep, World War III still number eight.
  More important is...
  Falcons, Boenicks, Jets, Bills, World War III, Josh Allen.
  I mean, what the hell is that?
  Who cares?
  A lot more people do.
  So I raise that.
  People are like, well, why are you bitching about people not caring?
  That's why we're in this situation.
  You think during the Cuban Missile Crisis, when we came that close to nuclear war, do you think they were...
  No, they were like canceling games and stuff.
  Because they'd just been through World War II and Korea, and a lot of their sons didn't come home, so they were like, oh, this is pretty important.
  But we've had it good so long, you know, people kept their kids home.
  For a week while that was going on.
  Because you know, there was a good chance they were going to die.
  So they wanted their children with them when they were getting ready to die.
  Because they were people that live in the real world that were street smart.
  And we're in something much worse right now.
  And I guarantee you, if I just walk in a gas station somewhere, somebody will talk about my case.
  They'll even care about people trying to shut us down, which is important, but it's emblematic.
  It's a symptom.
  Of the larger issue.
  So look at this.
  Biden allows Ukraine to strike Russia with long-range missiles.
  New York Times.
  Russia says in their doctrine, here's CNN, Russia will be at, quote, at war with NATO if Ukraine long-range missile restrictions are lifted.
  Biden says they're officially lifted, delivered, bombing starts whenever.
  Putin warns.
  Russia will be at war with NATO if Ukraine long-range missile restrictions are lifted.
  Putin warrants.
  Biden allows Ukraine to strike Russia with long-range U.S. missiles.
  Biden's green light for Ukraine to use attack-ems in Russia just raised the stakes in a war Trump will inherit.
  Well, he may inherit the end of the world.
  You see these right here?
  Well, at least Drudge thinks it's important.
  Look at this.
  Biden approves Ukraine's use of long-range missiles against Russia.
  Look, look.
  Those look like nice little missiles, right?
  Those are designed to carry hydrogen bombs.
  One of those will destroy Moscow.
  They can put a huge plutonium warhead in there.
  Hydrogen bomb.
  See that?
  Imagine if Russia said we authorized bombing inside the United States with nuclear-capable missiles.
  You'd think the U.S. would say, okay, you do that, we're in a state of war.
  You bet your ass they would.
  You bet your butt.
  You bet your life.
  So I just spent an hour and 15 minutes explaining this to people.
  Quite frankly, it would be obscene if I covered any of this other news.
  People's attention spans are like, yeah, we don't want to hear about this anymore.
  Tell us about Matt Gaetz 10 years ago or 15 years ago at a party where a 17-year-old woman that looked like she was 25 was, and they went and checked it and had to drop it all because they said that didn't even happen.
  And the women they talked to said, no, we were all like 25.
  Yeah, he had sex with some women.
  Oh, my God.
  You know, they weren't 12-year-olds on Epstein Island.
  Yeah, when is that from?
  Roll up so we can see the date.
  I want people to see the date.
  Yeah, that was me on September 14th.
  Yep.
  I mean, it's not hard to know this.
  I mean, that was said then, it's said now.
  But I'm the disinformation person.
  Yeah, I mean, it's...
  We've been at war with Russia for a long time.
  And now it's just official.
  So...
  You know what?
  I do need to cover all this other news because it gives people the full picture, in my view.
  So I'll go ahead and start getting everything else now and move quickly.
  Let's go ahead and start here.
  Overhead shot, please.
  Alright, I've said this a lot, and it's a fact, and Trump's doing it, so that's really good news.
  Trump does not have a hope in hell of draining the swamp and getting him off his back.
  If he is on the defense, it doesn't go after them.
  And they've all done illegal things.
  They've all done horrible things.
  They've all committed massive crimes with the open border and the human trafficking and the Afghanistan withdrawal that was not the Trump withdrawal.
  He had a six-month plan.
  This was a snap, instant, Rout giving him $86 billion in weapons, which the Taliban now parades around.
  And so Trump has come out and said, we're going to have a warrior board that reviews the top-heavy thousands of generals and people that all have giant budgets, and most of which are woke, anti-American globalist leftists.
  And Milley that, you know, on January 6th called the Chinese and said, don't worry, there's already been a coup, he's not in control.
  He's not the threat.
  He's trying to have detente and peace.
  They're the ones starting World War III. And so now, it came out today, and Trump's people have confirmed it.
  Yeah, we're going to have investigations, and the generals that left our troops and refused to get them, we're going to investigate them for court-martials.
  There were court-martials over Pearl Harbor.
  You know, used to the military...
  We're good to go.
  And did all of this and followed illegal orders.
  It doesn't matter if they're following orders.
  Nuremberg Code.
  Yeah, you lose your pension.
  You get court-martialed at least.
  We get them on the run.
  And yeah, he puts forward the most aggressive people like RFK Jr.
  and Matt Gaetz and Tulsi Gabbards and Kash Patel and all the rest of them to say, hey, yeah, oh God, they're all going to resign.
  They won't work under them.
  Good, you did our work for us.
  So, yeah, that's what we want.
  People are like, oh my God, there's even more CNN today.
  I tweeted it.
  Massive resignations are happening because they don't want to be under Matt Gaetz because there's a deal.
  He can do a recess appointment of Matt Gaetz.
  We want the deep state to hate him.
  We want the Republican establishment to say no so we know who to replace in the next election.
  We want to say, yeah, you don't dictate the narrative.
  You don't control what we say and what we do.
  We have the mandate.
  We're on the offensive.
  You're not going to start World War III. You're going to stop the human trafficking.
  You're not going to destroy the dollar.
  Well, at least the Drudge Report cares.
  Let's put up, war intensifies.
  Yeah, that's putting it lightly.
  Biden authorizes long-range missile strikes.
  Ukraine unleashed.
  Hey, Matt Drudge, you're a really smart guy.
  The boost of this show helped us so much.
  So it's bittersweet.
  I don't know if you're owned by CNN, or that's what I heard, but I don't know what it is, but a lot of times when I talk about this, Drudge will put a link up to show he's still in control of the Drudge Report.
  But if we had Trump in there before, we wouldn't be in this position, Drudge.
  And so now, I mean...
  Now we're on the verge of World War III, nuclear war, and this makes me think Drudge is actually still there, because that's a sane headline.
  It's like the Drudge Report has schizophrenia or something.
  Because one minute he's doing something horrible, next minute he's telling the truth.
  I mean, what did Trump do to Drudge to make him do this?
  I don't know.
  But that's just a microcosm of everything.
  Maybe they threatened his family, I don't know.
  Doesn't matter.
  Drudge has done irrevocable good for this country and freedom for decades and decades that still outweighs the four years of horrible behavior.
  So, it's like a weight.
  I'm like, well, you did so much good over here, you know.
  I don't know.
  But at least we don't have an NFL headline up there.
  You know, that's for off news days.
  Or a Taylor Swift headline.
  Because, again, we need stopping World War III and this escalation that is guaranteed to go totally insane if this continues.
  And all I'm saying is, look at that headline.
  Some DOJ officials believe the Gates pick raises the likelihood there will be more departures from within the Department of Justice.
  And I'm like, yeah, that's the whole point.
  We don't want business as usual.
  So the bad news is, 63 days before Trump gets in, they're escalating right into full war, which is one of their most crazy, draconian moves that I predicted there's a good chance they'll do if they're completely insane.
  And even the New York Times, the Washington Post, and CNN all go, we've talked to senior diplomats and White House officials.
  He tacitly agreed to it months ago, but overruled it later because his advisors said it could go to full nuclear war.
  Really?
  And then now, whoever's running it, because you know, Biden, Harris, they don't run it.
  They're just placeholders.
  Whoever controls that lame duck administration, I mean, who knows if Biden's even alive right now?
  In fact, guys, search Biden today.
  Maybe he gave a speech.
  Maybe he is out there.
  We need to keep a really good eye on him.
  He's already disappeared for eight days in Vegas and took him to Delaware.
  Then he stumbles out eight days later with his hair sticking up.
  They go, why'd you step down as the nominee?
  Why aren't you running for president?
  He goes, I didn't.
  He stumbles off.
  Obviously whacked out of his brain.
  So we don't even know who's in charge up there.
  I mean, it's a bunch of neocons and crazy leftists and Obama.
  We know that.
  But do they all think just because the general public doesn't know that, that the world doesn't, that the thinkers don't know that?
  And that if they cause a nuclear war, it doesn't still destroy civilization?
  And they are guaranteed to die in this.
  The people will be so pissed in those bunkers six months a year into this that I bet you all the tea in China.
  And I'm not threatening anybody.
  I'm just saying, in a total nuclear war collapse, do you think that the military and the people in those bunkers are going to sit there and put up with these people?
  Do you think Zuckerberg in his bunker is going to be doing too well?
  I mean, you guys are...
  The threat to yourselves, to us, to everyone on this planet, you are the problem.
  You need to stop it.
  You need to go away.
  You need to let us have a giant space program and all the free energy operations and all the great medical advances and just laissez-faire, off-world exploration, get out of the way.
  Well, if they allow technological development, they'll lose control.
  That's exactly what's going to happen.
  Well, we might have a war.
  They're like, we can't have Tulsi Gabbards.
  Well, there'll be a war.
  She doesn't know how to be the director of national intelligence.
  It's too important.
  You guys are psychotics.
  Anybody do a better job than you.
  Somebody that works for the Postal Service will be a better director of national intelligence than you.
  John Brennan, I've got him attacking her.
  I mean, you are the bad guys.
  You are the problem.
  You want to manage the world by dumbing everybody down and having a depopulation program because you see all the technological advances and you don't want the general public to have it, so you decide to bring in a preemptive dystopia so that you can control things in the future selfishly and then that cutting off of resources to bring in a world government To have the organized depopulation isn't going to work and it's going to cause mass war in all of the studies.
  You think you're going to slowly cut off the medicine and food and starve everybody and there's not going to be chain reaction wars, which have already happened.
  But they thought they could do it.
  And I said, people will get wise.
  They'll know it's you.
  You'll become the number one villains.
  And it's already happened.
  And now you're not stopping.
  And yeah, we may blow ourselves up if good people are running things.
  That's true.
  But you have proven you're a bunch of Ivy League fakes.
  You're stupid.
  You're not street smart.
  And you don't have God.
  You don't have any justice in your heart.
  You are selfish demons.
  And so, yeah, I want Trump to purge the Department of Justice.
  I want him to purge the federal agencies.
  I want him to abolish a bunch of them.
  I want him to purge the U.S. military.
  At the top, just like they purged the good people with the poison shots and all the race brainwashing and the transgender crap.
  Yeah, there's Putin, Russia Reserve...
  Russia reserves the right to resort to nuclear weapons if faced with threat.
  And he went on to say, if they put the missiles in, even if you put the missiles in, we're going to go ahead and probably hit you.
  And if you shoot them at us, for sure.
  And now, these lunatics have a gun to Russia's head and think somehow there'll be history books later that, oh, it started in Ukraine and it was Russia's fault.
  No, everyone knows it's you, Brennan.
  Everyone knows it's you, Obama.
  You, Hillary.
  Stop it.
  I'm literally like an FBI hostage negotiator when we've caught the bank robbers and they've got guns to the tellers' heads and I'm just outside of the bullhorn or on the phone with them going, listen, you're going to go to prison, but you don't want to kill those people.
  If you kill those people, you're dead.
  Now, you understand that.
  There's like 500 police out there.
  You will die.
  We're going to send in the SWAT team and they're going to make sure it's over.
  Now, look, it's really simple.
  We'll go easy on you.
  Come out your hands up.
  They're like, nope, we're starting a nuclear war.
  We're going to blow our brains out.
  I'm going to blow our brains out!
  No, I'm going to blow our brains out, Brennan's saying.
  You're like, okay.
  Well, you know what you do in that situation?
  Because this is just some teller who's going to get their brains blown out.
  It's all of us.
  This son of a bitch doesn't stop what they're doing.
  I'll be right back.
  Stay with us.
  I respectfully ask you to pay attention to what I'm about to say because it is critical in three important ways.
  It'll keep my broadcast on the air.
  It will get you the highest quality, amazing CBD that's so good for your whole body, inflammation, joints, You name it, and you're getting the best deal you're going to find anywhere.
  I've been promoting and selling CBD for more than 20 years.
  Everybody knows how amazing it is, but not all CBD is equal.
  This is a high quality, made in Texas, very strong CBD, thousand milligram tincture that has been put in nanoparticles, so it's eight to nine times stronger than regular CBD that already gives you great effects.
  We private label it from a top company that sells it to a bunch of other companies that sell it from between $140 to $90 to $76.
  This is the lowest price you're gonna find on CBD of this quality anywhere in the market.
  The industry just massively marks it up.
  There's still some good margin in here for our sponsor, To support their operation and support us.
  And then that savings is passed on to you.
  So if you want to get great CBD and keep the broadcast on air, visit jonescbd.com.
  jonescbd.com.
  Let me tell you the names of these products.
  Ultra Green.
  Because it's amazing.
  And Dreamwave, you want to get both of these and it supports the broadcast.
  You will not be disappointed, particularly if you're already into CBD and you take this that costs a third or half of what you're paying and you get a great response.
  I know you're going to love it.
  That's what I'm looking for is repeat customers for our sponsor, jonescbd.com.
  Thanks for your support.
  This is the best deal out there and it funds the fight against tyranny, a total 360 win.
  Visit jonescbd.com today and I think of your support.
  All right.
  I knew what Vladimir Putin's response would be.
  RT has put one out.
  I'll do an overhead shot here for you in a moment.
  But here's the bottom line, ladies and gentlemen.
  They said, look, if you put missiles up on our border that can be nuclear tipped, It violates our doctrine.
  Your doctrine is the same.
  It means we're at war.
  And so we reserve the right to use nuclear weapons against you.
  Moscow comments on Biden's reported approval of strikes deep inside Russia.
  So I know Russia's policy so well that I don't need to read the article.
  If you want to go read it, you can see it.
  Now, here's a short video clip of Putin in September when Biden said he was considering this and then leaked that he was, but Didn't want the U.S. quote to get the blame.
  How do you...
  I mean, these things leave a footprint.
  The signature.
  It's not like you blow up Russian military bases as they...
  Biden announced today they will.
  And then just say, we don't know who did that.
  So now they're like, yeah, we're going to do it.
  Which, of course, is to threaten other parts of the establishment that don't want World War III and want prosperity and don't want America to basically turn into a slave state.
  There's not one big elite.
  There's the BlackRock globalists who are the most powerful.
  But there's other elites around the world that aren't perfect that have also backed Trump because they don't want to destroy the planet.
  And this is the establishment, the globalist main power bloc, just holding everyone hostage.
  I just said that before the break.
  I'm saying it again because that's the only message that's here.
  They got the gun to our head.
  And we have to explain, hey, we know you started this Ukraine war.
  You've escalated it.
  You bring in the weapons.
  You're bringing in the missiles.
  You're trying to incite the Russians.
  You're trying to provoke the Russians.
  Stop it!
  Breaking.
  Vladimir Putin just announced the use of nuclear weapons in a mass...
  Missile or UAV is launched towards Russia or when these weapons cross into Russian territory.
  Moscow, Russia.
  We need President Putin to stop World War III now.
  America first.
  Now that's back in September when I also warned you about this.
  But they've just reissued his statement saying this is our response to this.
  Same statement from them.
  It stands from state-run television.
  Okay?
  Which again, I don't need to go read their doctrine.
  I already knew it, but now it's official.
  Okay?
  So, let's go ahead and play the clip.
  Here it is.
  In the updated version of the document, aggression against Russia by any non-nuclear state, but with the support of a nuclear state, is proposed to be considered as their joint attack on Russia.
  Russia will also consider the possibility of using nuclear weapons when receiving reliable information about a massive launch of means of aerospace attack and their crossing of our state border.
  This includes strategic and tactical aircraft as well as cruise missiles and drones, hypersonic and other delivery vehicles.
  Russia reserves the right to use nuclear weapons in case of aggression, including if the enemy using conventional weapons poses a critical threat.
  It is important to note at this point that these are at this time proposals.
  Proposals to amend Russia's nuclear weapons use doctrine.
  We heard from Vladimir Putin multiple scenarios in which the rules and regulations governing how Russia can use its nuclear weapons will change.
  The first scenario is if a non-nuclear power attacks Russia with conventional arms but poses a grave or critical All right, I already explained this.
  If they launch a whole bunch of conventional weapons at their nuclear arsenals and their delivery systems, that means it's a preemptive strike to take them out before a nuclear strike.
  So this all goes into doctrine.
  It's the same thing in the U.S. It's all been war-gamed out, and that's why we all have the same doctrines, is because every angle's been looked at.
  Now, Russia does not have a first-strike doctrine officially.
  The United States changed it under Obama.
  And it's never been rescinded.
  So you can bet Russia's got a secret doctrine on that as well.
  So that's where we are.
  That's what's going on.
  And I will continue to cover this as more developments unfold.
  And that could change the minute they start bombing Russia with these things.
  Or Russia sees them putting the emplacements in, which they reportedly are already there.
  And we're off to the races.
  Then we've got all of this.
  I've already covered this.
  Most people know about it.
  More than a decade ago, Matt Gaetz is a young playboy, did some partying, and the media offered all these women that are in their 40s now, most of them, massive amounts of money to say that he was mean to them or he did something,
  and the women...
  Said there weren't underage girls, and he was really nice, and we partied with him, and they weren't even, some had been prostitutes at times, but they said we were just having sex with him.
  So he's really fun.
  So, wow, that's what they got?
  And then this Fed that they already sent into prison for other stuff he'd done separate from Gates, Said, I will give you Matt Gaetz because reportedly this guy had brought around a decade before some 17-year-old girl,
  looked like she was 25.
  But then all the witnesses said, no, he didn't have sex with her.
  And the feds did not file charges on him, even though it was Biden's DOJ. Then they caught feds and Israeli operatives trying to blackmail him and all the rest of this stuff, and they got indicted.
  So, you better believe that if Matt Gaetz did anything wrong, they would have had his ass.
  And Gaetz has been like, yeah, I'm pretty young and back then I used to party and, you know, I had some rich friends and I'd get on a private jet and fly down to the Bahamas with some party girls and, you know, but I don't, you know, that's what went on.
  So, you know, he's happily married all the rest of them.
  He never said he was an angel.
  He does have guts and he's gone after the system and the insider trading and the corruption.
  He's against World War III. So here's the headline on Drudge, until World War III could break out, now they've changed it.
  Republican Senate seat to block gates.
  Republican Senate set to block gates.
  Wild sex claims, jolt party.
  Oh, wild sex claims, but Pumpkinhead, Pencil Neck, Adam Schiff has been on TV. I have the clip.
  It's on InfoWars if you want to see it.
  Maybe we'll play it.
  The point is, he says that, oh, he's a sex trafficker.
  So they're the ones with Epstein Island with little girls.
  They're the ones doing this at an industrial scale.
  We don't have the Epstein list.
  They killed Epstein to cover it up.
  Bill Gates, Bill Clinton, they're all involved.
  And then they want this ethics thing to come after him for things that he didn't do.
  So it's more crap.
  I didn't send people to harass the Sandy Hook families.
  And the stuff they said, no proof ever of even anybody.
  Piss on graves?
  No.
  None of it.
  Said one of their names.
  Said people like that.
  The video looks like he's, you know, acting.
  Yeah, it looks like it to me.
  My opinion.
  $1.5 billion after a judge already found me guilty.
  Rigged.
  Just like they said, Trump says, you know, the KKK are great people.
  Never said that.
  Said specifically they're not great people.
  But there were reporters and people there that were just there to see what happened and didn't deserve to be attacked.
  So it's the same lies.
  They're the same crap.
  Matt Gaetz, sex trafficker.
  And this is what they're going to do.
  You know, Saturday Night Live attacking RFK Jr.
  saying he had a dead dolphin in his car.
  All I know is that Alec Baldwin, you know, actually shot and killed a lady.
  So he's definitely got a dead lady.
  So DOJ tells Matt Gaetz that he won't be charged in such trafficking probe, his lawyers say.
  And that's from three and a half years ago.
  NBC News.
  Now here's why they're pissed at Gates.
  Does anyone really believe that Biden's politically weaponized DOJ would have dropped the case against Gates if there was a scintilla of solid evidence against him?
  Here he is getting on the Pentagon for all of their incredible corruption and critical race theory and transgenderism to purge the military.
  We got clips of him criticizing the horrible Afghan withdrawal.
  That's why They don't like him.
  And then here's just screenshots of the videos.
  I don't want to hear from Schiff.
  Adam Schiff calls Matt Gaetz a child sex trafficker.
  I'm sorry.
  Not sex trafficker.
  Child sex trafficker.
  Yes, you can say anything you want on TV and get away with it.
  Unless you're Alex Jones.
  Then they just say you said things you never said and have show trials.
  Speaker Mike Johnson throws his full support behind Matt Gaetz.
  Attorney General saying he will reform the DOJ after an era of shameful lawfare targeting conservatives.
  Good.
  Unified front.
  Screw them.
  Defend our champions.
  Stop bowing.
  Because if they start bowing on these first appointments, they'll have big trouble with the rest of them.
  Huge defenses of Gates.
  Happening.
  So you can see the walls closing in on these folks.
  But I do want to play a clip of why they hate him so much.
  There's a bunch of these, but let's play this one.
  This is the reason why some Republicans despise Matt Gaetz, because he exposes the corruption, not just the insider trading that Congress 15 years ago legalized for itself, and they got caught doing it.
  Oh, it's illegal?
  We'll just pass a special law for ourselves.
  Here is a breakdown of Gates where he explains the insider trading.
  It's clip five.
  Here it is.
  Congressman Gates offered to take us on a tour.
  So one of the committees where people have a lot of information is the Appropriations Committee.
  Because they can view almost any vector of government funding.
  And so, you know, this is...
  Mr.
  Rutherford's office.
  He's on the Ethics Committee and the Appropriations Committee.
  152 stock trades.
  Stocks go through the roof and, you know, actually bought Raytheon stock the day that Russia invaded Ukraine.
  Yeah, that's a big one.
  Yeah, I mean, imagine if every American could make money off of war.
  Yeah, setting aside the whole shame and ethics questions.
  How many more on our hit list here?
  There are a few more.
  I wish there were fewer on the hit list.
  I wish we could only stop at one or two offices, but as it turns out...
  So, energy is a sector that sees a lot of Congressional stock trading, and we have members who are on the Energy Subcommittee of Appropriations, like Michael Guest, Chairman of the Ethics Committee, and he's traded Somewhere between tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars in energy stocks.
  He's been buying online gaming stocks and just making a killing on them.
  So you would think that the people that were on the ethics committee would be your best allies in this fight.
  But indeed, they're some of the most prolific traders.
  And not only trading, but in the case of Mr.
  Guest, trading in an area where he has access to energy information more so than almost any other American.
  And no indication that he wants to maybe slow down, pump the brakes, recognize that there might be some appearance of impropriety here?
  It seems as though the pace is only accelerating.
  The reason that Matt Gaetz is such an exciting pick to so many people is because he will go in and reform the Department of Justice.
  It desperately needs it.
  Look, he and I sat on the Judiciary Committee together for almost seven years before I became Speaker of the House, and we heard the evidence.
  We saw the evidence of lawfare.
  We saw how the Department of Justice had been used for political purposes, how they targeted Catholics in some examples.
  Parents at school boards and pro-life Americans.
  This is not what our system of justice was built to do.
  And Matt Gaetz will go in there and shake it up.
  And I think most of the American people understand that's an important function.
  Right.
  Matt Gaetz was nominated for this position because we have a problem at the Department of Justice.
  For the last eight years, they have run roughshod over rule of law in this country.
  They have prosecuted political opponents.
  They ran the Russia collusion hoax.
  And too many people in Washington D.C. did not stand up against what was happening there, and many Americans are upset about it.
  Matt Gaetz is one of the most effective people at fighting that Russia collusion hoax and other information operations, whether it was the Brett Kavanaugh information operation, the Donald Trump Russia collusion hoax information operation, or the one that is referenced here, which is something that the FBI and Department of Justice,
  which hate Matt Gaetz, looked into and cleared him of any wrongdoing.
  The idea that this is about, the issue is corruption.
  It's the Department of Justice has corruption.
  And people are sick and tired of people in Washington, D.C. doing nothing as these people tried to destroy the country and getting upset at someone who actually might root out the corruption there.
  We don't have a Department of Justice.
  We have a Department of Injustice.
  And that's why you get Matt Gaetz as a nominee.
  Alright, I have a bunch of other clips, but the World War III thing's taking up much of the broadcast.
  I'm going to go into more next hour.
  I'm going to continue on.
  And then Chase Keiser's loaded for berries will be coming in.
  Let me hit this real quick.
  There's a bunch of these, but I'll just play...
  Clip 13.
  Bucks County and other counties are doing this too in Pennsylvania are still counting ballots and they admit it's illegal aliens.
  It's people that voted many, many times and they're just saying they're allowed to.
  We don't care what the state law, Supreme Court ruling, state Supreme Court ruling says Pennsylvania election recount, commissioners ignore court ban, decide to count Flawed ballots, and here's a clip, and it's not just this lady, a bunch of them said the same thing, saying Trump doesn't follow the law,
  so we don't follow the law.
  Here it is.
  We reject all three categories of these ballots.
  Your motion is to reject or dismiss the challenges in this category in front of you?
  Correct, yep.
  Not going to second that, mostly because I think we all know that precedent by a court doesn't matter anymore in this country, and people violate laws anytime they want.
  So for me, if I violate this law, it's because I want a court to pay attention to it.
  All right.
  Now in the time I have left, before we start the next hour, And then we go over the rest of the news.
  I want to talk about what's happened to Infowars.
  This is the second time since May 29th, on that Friday, this year, what was that, four months ago?
  May, June, July, August, September, six months ago, that a federal trustee from the Justice Department Assigned to the case by the Justice Department.
  They're allowed to come into cases.
  It's rare, but they do it.
  They do it in the big corporate cases.
  Sometimes, like Enron.
  Has attacked this operation.
  The last one did a whole bunch of stuff.
  It would take hours to go over it all.
  Most of you know about that from new viewers.
  Tried to set me up with a bunch of stuff.
  Tried to say I was committing crimes, of course.
  He was so lazy that he didn't even know it was all reported to the court.
  It was him not reporting to the court, trying to blame me.
  It was so stupid that he didn't know he'd already filed with the court.
  My lawyer said, this guy won't take the sponsor money you have that was there before.
  He's obviously trying to set you up.
  We've got to report to the court.
  And then on May 31st, they sent private security to shut us down on the court order.
  Took two weeks to get an emergency hearing.
  The judge fired him and the U.S. trustee.
  He was the CRO. It was a trustee.
  It was his boss.
  Obviously, they're pissed off in their little community.
  So the new one, because the feds appointed another one, the judge accepted him.
  Chris Murray basically hardly ever talks to me.
  Acts all nice.
  Says, oh, it's a public auction.
  And he tries to put my name up for sale.
  I go say no.
  The judge says, yeah, you can't do that if you want to have a full hearing on it.
  But I'm not going to do that because obviously, you know, Can't sell people's names, but okay.
  He goes, oh, Your Honor, we'll take that off the auction.
  Didn't take it off the auction.
  Left my name in there in one of the lots.
  And you have The Onion saying, we want to own Alex Jones.
  We're going to make fun of him, say we're him, have his website.
  But they wanted that too.
  And Then two days before the auction, the judge hadn't even authorized yet.
  He said that in court last Wednesday.
  Elon Musk's lawyers were there for us.
  I'll get to that in a moment.
  He, on Monday, two days before the auction last Wednesday, says no longer do the other people in their bids matter and the money they had to put down and all that.
  Now all those bids don't count.
  You put the first bids in.
  Now we're just going to have one bid and that's it and no one can bid above it.
  And we can take a lower bid.
  And I'm talking to lawyers and stuff, and they go, well, that must be they don't have a big bid, so they want to trick your bigger bidder.
  And I go, no, it's a setup.
  It's already been done.
  They'll probably take them until Thursday morning.
  I'd say 8 a.m.
  They'll try to shut the building and, you know, kick us off the air.
  They go, Alex, that's not going to happen.
  You can't do that under the law now.
  Come on.
  It's not that corrupt.
  I said, okay, you just believe whatever you want.
  That's so no one can bid above what they put in.
  I said, I bet they don't even put money down.
  That's how arrogant they are.
  I literally nailed it again.
  It's getting scary now.
  Because I used to just have all the knowledge and data, but I would, like, have my feeling about something but not go with it.
  Well, it's not a feeling.
  Your subconscious is hundreds, if not thousands of times stronger than your conscious.
  That's just your focus.
  So when you have a gut thing, it's not that.
  It's your total intelligence.
  And mine's basically never wrong.
  I can misinterpret it.
  I mean, I can nail the minute Trump would come out and announce two hours before.
  I said 127.
  He'll get on the stage at 127 exactly.
  Before the minute ends, he will announce.
  I didn't talk to Trump.
  I didn't do that.
  I nailed it.
  It's just like, phew.
  So I said, okay, and then they'll come in at 8 a.m.
  in the morning, and they won't pay money, and then people are like, okay, Jones.
  100% exactly as I said.
  And when the lawyers all finally, the day after the thing, they gave them the auction info they're supposed to give them before, and it was all there.
  They were like, oh my God.
  So...
  And I listened to the hearing and all the rest of it.
  The judge said the auction did not happen.
  This is not an auction.
  Everybody should be really upset by what this happened here.
  Nobody should feel good about this.
  These are quotes.
  Headline Bloomberg, angry judge halts sale.
  That was on Wednesday.
  Only Bloomberg got it right at first.
  They were still yesterday, Yahoo, and everybody's saying, oh no, it's going forward.
  So They pledged future earnings of mine, even though it's on appeal and you can't pledge a judgment in a cash auction that wasn't even an auction.
  The judge hadn't even authorized the auction yet, didn't even know what had happened.
  This was in court last Wednesday.
  Didn't know what happened, wasn't an auction, private secret sale, masquerading as an auction, and then they pledged my money to buy my own company and didn't tell people Here's our bid of fiat money that just magically was right above the other bid that was real.
  I wonder how they do that.
  Just a few hundred thousand dollars above.
  Millions and millions and millions.
  And it had a kick-in clause where no matter what somebody bid, and by the way, the other bidder wasn't told this, it would magically just keep going up and up and up and up on this fiat imaginary money they had.
  Now, That isn't just corrupt and rigged.
  That is the most fantastic.
  If you wanted to come up with something that would sound as ridiculous and as illegal and collusion, bid rigging.
  I mean, if you tried to come up with something, the most fantastical thing you could, you would come up with that.
  I mean, you couldn't even come up with it.
  I'm not going to let the cat out of the bag on the rest of it because I've been asked not to.
  But let's just say this.
  They're not even hiding it.
  Now, when they asked Murray how much was the winning bid, he said, I don't know.
  Of course he did.
  And it wasn't, remember he said in the news, well it's not the highest bid, it's the best bid.
  And the judge said, you didn't have the authority to do any of this.
  I'm going to find out what you did, full evidentiary hearing.
  And then that's Wednesday.
  Here we are, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
  We're here four or five days later, and they still think you're so stupid that you don't know.
  So I've been asked not to give you the punchline.
  But let's just say this, in any other case, and of course they said it on Good Morning America, well this sounds really weird, the lower bid one, but it's Alex Jones, so it's okay.
  Stephanopoulos, no it's not okay.
  But in most cases you get orange jumpsuits for this.
  Or striped, you know, not the kind of pinstripes you want, the big black and white stripes.
  So I'm going to come back, get to more of this.
  And, again, the Justice Department has incredible confidence.
  Look at all the other stuff they've done to Trump and everybody else at the law fair.
  You know Fannie Wallace is going to prison.
  You know Letitia James is going to prison.
  I mean, they've just gone crazy.
  And they're not giving up.
  Hell, they're trying to start World War III right now.
  So we'll do a two-minute break.
  Come back and start Sunday Night Live.
  I'm going to come back.
  Then I've got my emergency message and thank you to Elon Musk.
  Then Chase Geiser takes over.
  But I've got more to say here.
  I want to play you the former Deputy Attorney General on national television saying, from what he's heard, this sounds like criminal.
  And I told you before it hit the news, Elon Musk and Trump are upset about it, and then Elon Musk sent his lawyers and joined the case and asked to be fully engaged.
  They want all documents, which by law they can get, and then they are going to pay for it.
  I mean, that's probably $50,000 in documents alone right there.
  So, Musk is doing the deep dive.
  I'll tell you why he's doing that when we come back.
  I didn't even plug basically today because I'm so busy talking about World War III, but if you don't fund us, we won't be here.
  We're going to destroy them legally on every front.
  We're on offensives everywhere, but out of your support, betting on this broadcast is betting on yourself.
  Incredible supplements, incredible patron apparel, incredible products at thealexjohnstore.com.
  Go there.
  The Trump gear, the Infowars, the Alex gear, the best supplements, the CMOS, which is an ultimate superfood.
  We have the highest quality private label.
  It's all there.
  Please support us.
  You need these products.
  We're a winning team together.
  Can't do it without you.
  Thanks for your support.
  TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  Hour number three straight ahead.
  Stay with us.
  The major central banks of the globe are owned by a handful of families.
  That's why the head of the private Federal Reserve last week, Jerome Powell, pledged to try to block Trump's agenda and said that even if Trump tries to fire him, he won't leave because he is above the law.
  They are a private agency.
  Some of the president's elect's advisers have suggested that you should resign.
  If he asked you to leave, would you go?
  No.
  Can you follow up on, do you think that legally you're not required to leave?
  No.
  The Federal Reserve is an independent agency, and that means basically that there is no other agency of government Which can overrule actions that we take.
  But Congress created the private agency of the Federal Reserve and can revoke their charter and abolish them.
  And that's why it's so exciting to see former Congressman Ron Paul coming in to advise the administration.
  On monetary policies and to also dismantle the Federal Reserve.
  But that's where all this predatory garbage comes from.
  It's where the ESGs come from.
  It's where the global governance comes from, the corporate social credit scores, all of it.
  And President Trump is striking right at the heart of it, going after their predatory loans.
  Now, in closing here, Infowars is set to be sold At auction, Wednesday, coming up in less than 48 hours.
  If good guys don't buy it, we will be shut down.
  But regardless, backups are being set up, new systems are in place with the Alex Jones Network.
  And your sponsorship, supporting us at thealexjonesstore.com with great supplements, great Patriot apparel, like this great shirt, is what is going to keep us on air.
  We came out with three great limited edition fundraiser posters that are very, very popular.
  And I decided a few days ago to design a new one, another limited edition that just came out today and has now been printed in Arkansas and is ready to ship to you.
  Here it is on screen.
  Iconic.
  Takes the meme of what we predicted Harris would do trying to steal it, but that Trump would overpower the fraud, which is exactly what happened on the day of the election.
  On the eve of the election, on November 4th, on that Monday last week, I posted that meme and I said, this is my prediction for the election and that's exactly what happened.
  So now it's that image, posterized, beautiful, striking, with...
  Three simple words at the bottom.
  Back to back to back.
  That's right.
  He's the only president to ever run three times.
  And he's the only president to ever win in reality three times.
  He won in 16.
  He won in...
  2020 and he won in 2024, but this time the landslide was so big they could not stop him.
  This is historic.
  We've won the battle.
  Now we've got to win the war to get him into office and drain the swamp.
  And to do that, he's got to have folks like Infowars reaching 60, 70 million people a day.
  Right now, the most reach we've ever had, thanks to you supporting and spreading the word and the world waking up.
  Everybody wants to hear what myself and the crew and the other reporters and our guests are saying.
  And to make sure we stay on the air, even if Infowars shuts down, go to thealexjonesstore.com right now and get the Trump Patriot apparel.
  Get the posters.
  There's limited edition and that will ensure we stay on the air.
  So for myself and the entire crew, history's happening now.
  Thanks for your support.
  God bless and good luck.
  Now go to thealexjonesstore.com and get these limited edition posters.
  Thank you so much.
  For years I've been telling you guys never to take no for an answer, right?
  You know, to keep pushing, to never hang up the phone until you get what you want.
  Because you all deserve it.
  You know this f***ing deal that I'm about to sign?
  The f*** is that, you know?
  I'll tell you what it is.
  It's me taking no for an answer, you know?
  It's them selling me, not the other way around.
  It's me being a hypocrite is what it is.
  So...
  You know what?
  I'm not leaving.
  I'm not leaving!
  The show goes on!
  And this isn't a movie, folks.
  We're not trying to sell people junk stock.
  We are fighting for the future of humanity, trying to stop World War III, secure our borders, get the deep state off our backs, and build a future for team humanity.
  So, I don't know what Judge Chris Lopez is going to do.
  He was appointed by Trump.
  He was top of his class.
  He is known as a complete by-the-book guy.
  He's not creating precedent.
  He follows precedent.
  And if he did anything that I could criticize, and I'm just being honest, It's two years ago and we had corporate bankruptcy and then a few months after that I went into bankruptcy.
  And the Democrats came in and they said this man is hiding hundreds of millions of dollars.
  He's a criminal.
  They said it in this courtroom and they said it all over national TV. You saw it.
  And we want you to appoint all these outside expensive firms to do audits of everything.
  And of his parents and his family that he's been in business with, not in this company but in their own.
  And Lopez said, okay.
  But to his credit, in June, when he fired their asses, he talked for like 40 minutes.
  And he said, you know, I heard all this stuff Mr.
  Jones did.
  And we did all these audits and all these things.
  And then you never brought a claim.
  You never said one thing he did.
  You never found one thing he did wrong.
  And they were so stupid that day.
  They come in, they go, Your Honor, we have a transcript of him last Friday, talking bad about this court and everybody, and we have a transcript.
  They come up and give him like 10 pages.
  He goes, this isn't an official transcript.
  I want the full show.
  He goes, I'm ordering you to produce it.
  He looks at him.
  10 minutes later, they go, sir, actually, we have it right here.
  He goes, I thought so.
  He goes, I'm adjourning for an hour and 45 minutes, something like that.
  He said, I think an hour and 37 minutes at the time.
  He goes, I'll be back.
  Came back in.
  Because he read that and he knew I was accurate about everything that had happened because he knew this case.
  And they gave him, because I know the tape they went to, it was like the first three hours of the night, not the ten hours the next day, live in here, where I broke down and cried at the end because I was worried about World War III and them killing Trump.
  It wasn't about me and InfoWars.
  I was like, oh my God, he's crying.
  We got him.
  I was like, no, it's dangerous.
  God, God, understand what this means, folks.
  The Justice Department, outside of law, tried to shut us down without a court order.
  He went and read the whole transcript of what they'd done.
  He knew separately from pieces of it, it was...
  Most of it was true.
  Most of it, he didn't know.
  Everything hadn't happened in that court, but he knew I was very accurate.
  And he fired their asses and said, you never had this authority?
  How dare you?
  What are you thinking?
  And the feds got up and said, sir, we do have the authority.
  He goes, no, you don't.
  Over and over again.
  He said, sir, I'll give the company to him.
  He'll take the money.
  He'll rob everything.
  He said, that's ridiculous.
  It's Mr.
  Jones' company.
  But Mr.
  Jones is in his own bankrupt seat.
  He said here today that if there is a fair auction, he will accept that.
  So he'll work with Mr.
  Murray, the new trustee from the federal government, and we'll move forward.
  And then they didn't go get the authorization for the date of it or the specifics.
  They just said, oh, we have an authorization for an auction.
  Then they didn't have an auction.
  He said Wednesday.
  He didn't know there'd been an auction.
  And he said, this doesn't look like an auction.
  This isn't an auction.
  These are quotes.
  I'm paraphrasing, but it was in Bloomberg.
  Pull it up.
  You pull it up.
  He goes, no one should be comfortable with the results of this auction.
  In other quotes, this isn't an auction, he said, where you don't have higher bidders.
  The definition of an auction is property sold to the highest bidder.
  Webster's Dictionary.
  Merriam-Webster.
  Look it up.
  Don't believe me.
  And he said the definition of Merriam-Webster because he's a good judge.
  Compared to everything else we've run into.
  And so...
  Maybe he just actually is a judge?
  He actually judges things like what they are?
  So he said, I'm having an evidentiary hearing about this so-called sale.
  He didn't just pause it.
  He said, this isn't an auction.
  We're going to find out what happened.
  And then they...
  I mean, imagine them giving him a three hour long broadcast transcript where he read three hours of me talking about what they did to me, how they tried to set me up, how they lied and said that they didn't file the secret report that I was stealing money.
  He knew he got the secret report.
  He knew it was wrong.
  He gave it to us and everybody else involved because he wants transparency.
  He knew that was all true.
  And then he read the transcript where there was a tape of McGill that I aired denying he filed it.
  Then McGill's response was to say that we had a gun in the building.
  And the judge is like, what did you do with the gun?
  Who had the gun?
  What was the problem?
  I can't tell you.
  Oh, you can't tell me why you had to emergency close the building and kick people out.
  Because there was a gun?
  And now Chris Murray has been in the news Wednesday and Thursday going...
  Well, we went with the best bid, not the highest bid.
  And, you know, we got together with the families and decided that it was best that they win the bid.
  You got together with the families, the Democrat law firms.
  You got together in an auction beforehand and decided they would win?
  Hold on, Batman, what's that mean?
  You got together with them and decided they would be the winner.
  For less money.
  That isn't even money.
  Okay.
  I mean, folks.
  I'm hearing Twilight Zone music.
  Seriously, right now.
  In my head.
  Can we cue the Twilight Zone music?
  Let me just play a little bit of that for you.
  I mean, I would be surprised if maybe the judge plays it whenever he has this hearing.
  Evidence you're hearing.
  I mean, It's in the computer.
  Just play Twilight Zone music.
  Or go to YouTube, just find Twilight Zone intro.
  When they ask the so-called owner of The Onion on Good Morning America Friday, well, how did your lower bid win?
  He goes, well, it's Alex Jones.
  Oh, it's Donald Trump.
  Oh, I see.
  He doesn't get anything fair.
  I understand him.
  All right, let's just stop there.
  I want Chase to come in there.
  He's loaded for bear.
  I hope we're here tomorrow.
  It's not a nuclear war.
  Before this was in the news, and before Elon Musk, you know, publicly joined in the case, as reported, overhead shot please, by NBC News, New York Times, everybody right here.
  I told you this Wednesday.
  Overhead shot please.
  And people were like, oh, Jones is crazy.
  That's not, like, I want to tell you something wrong.
  I want to get everything right.
  I make mistakes sometimes, but I want to tell you the truth.
  See, I want to be tomorrow's news today.
  That's why we are.
  I want to be 100% accurate.
  I'm sorry, we're only about 98.
  And people are still like, really?
  They really didn't buy it?
  No, they didn't.
  Why do you think they've cut off the internet so I couldn't do the show?
  Because I wasn't going to leave.
  So I left to our backup studios at the Alex Jones Network down the road because I didn't have a choice.
  It's like if you were in a sword fight and your sword breaks, you pick up another one.
  That's an analogy.
  I'm not saying really use the sword.
  I know you know that, but they'll say that, so I have to always do the proviso.
  So, and I told the federal trustee here, I said, listen, you're going to get in a lot of trouble.
  I'm telling you shouldn't do this.
  And I'm leaving under protest because you're already cutting everything off.
  I said, I really don't want to have to come after you politically with my rights, but you're going to get in a lot of trouble.
  Alex, no hard fields.
  Come on.
  You know, things will go really good for you and your crew and yourself because, you know, I'm in charge of your private bankruptcy.
  If you just work with me.
  This is kind of like the nice bank robbers.
  Hey, I really don't want to do this, but just, you know, nobody needs to get hurt.
  Come on.
  I'm the friendly.
  I'm the friendly bank robber.
  I'm not saying he's literally a bank robber.
  It's an analogy.
  That's how it feels.
  Hey, we said it was an auction, but yeah, come on, sweetheart.
  You're Alex Jones.
  You think what you did to the last federal trustee, we're going to forget about him?
  He didn't say that, but that's the thing.
  We're going to show you what our industry can do.
  Yeah.
  What I just need to sit here when people show up, try to throw us out of the building, no court order.
  I'm just supposed to, oh God, okay, you're a bureaucrat.
  Let me bow down to you right now.
  And they said, oh, good morning, America.
  You know, he could have gone easily and been graceful, and we would have left him alone.
  Really, the night before, the head Democrat, former prosecutor that puts Republicans in prison, that's especially what he said.
  Oh, this is just the beginning of Alex Jones' lessons.
  We're going to come after him forever.
  I got the clip.
  You want to see it?
  But they always have the good cop.
  Oh, he just, they still say, he just won't leave us alone.
  They said that back on the June 14th term.
  They said, your honor, he's attacking us right now.
  I'm attacking them?
  They go raise money off me, lie about me, say I'm doing all these things to them, keep themselves in the news for their charities that are anti-self-defense and anti-free speech?
  And the Onion they now admit sponsor and backer is the Soros gun control biggest group in the country?
  So no, my fight's your fight, folks.
  I'm taking these people on with everything I've got.
  Alright.
  Here's a clip.
  This is Jeffrey Clark says InfoWars auction was done wrong.
  This is on Thursday.
  Boy, it's all come out now.
  This is the former Deputy Attorney General.
  Here it is.
  I did actually, as one of my closing acts at the end of the Trump administration, argue a case about the US bankruptcy trustees, who are the same folks here who are bedeviling Alex Jones and went in and shut him down.
  And look, as you were describing, they have in connection with the private trustees that are set up and that they supervise, Fiduciary duties to make sure that they get a maximum return for the creditors, right?
  And so if what Alex Jones describes is correct, Steve, that there were other bidders, maybe led by Roger Stone, and he's a hero for putting them together to try to rescue Infowars.
  And if they had the highest bid and that was ignored, That's a serious legal issue that will need to be examined.
  I was looking at who the current director is of the US trustee program.
  It's a woman named Tara Twomey.
  And you better believe that when the Trump administration starts, That she's gonna get investigated, that how this bankruptcy of Alex Jones was investigated, how it was dealt with is gonna be investigated.
  This is something that hopefully the judge will shut this down and say, look, I gotta review this, don't do anything precipitous.
  But if he doesn't, because he's been working on these proceedings for a long time and judges eventually get to the point where they wanna get things off their docket.
  What the trustees seem to be doing here to me, and these are people who are part of the Justice Department, right?
  I don't think that's well known that the US bankruptcy trustee program is part of the Justice Department.
  The Justice Department's span is truly enormous.
  That needs to be investigated.
  And I think that we can probably count on Matt Gaetz as attorney general to do that kind of deep investigation, Steve.
  And so they're trying to clearly rush this out and shut Alex Jones down as a kind of demonstration of they're still in charge for the next 67 days or so.
  And they could live to regret that.
  And so I think people should be looking over their shoulder and thinking about whether they really wanna be doing this to shut down an important media operation.
  Yep, that's what they did.
  They've got the Justice Department trying to put me in prison.
  They didn't find any dirt.
  They're pissed.
  So they try to make it up.
  They try to close us without court orders.
  They have auctions that aren't auctions.
  The judge didn't know.
  And they just think, oh, well, he's Alex Jones, so the judge won't do the right thing.
  We'll find out.
  This is totally cut and dry.
  It's way worse than I'm telling you.
  I've been asked and begged not to tell you.
  So, I'm going to stop right there.
  This is my important message to Elon Musk.
  The Chase Geyser is loaded for bear in the last hour and a half.
  We're back in the Infowar studios.
  Does that tell you the onion's full of crap?
  They didn't give them back to us.
  They never had the right.
  What is it when you take property under color of law?
  Here's the report.
  Stay with us.
  All of my points of contact, my email, my phone, family, the crew, people on the street, have just been blowing up in the last 48 hours, asking me, what is the future of Infowars?
  What is really going on?
  What is really happening?
  And I will succinctly break that down in just a moment.
  But first, I wanted to take some time out to talk about the game changer in the last few years, not just here in America, but around the world for freedom.
  Now, obviously, we're talking about Donald Trump.
  But in this particular case, I'm talking about Elon Musk, the only individual that's done more to expose tyranny and promote liberty and team humanity in my lifetime Who even begins to rival President Trump is Elon Musk.
  It is the dynamic duo.
  And everything he's done the last two years has been devastating to tyrants and corrupt institutions and has been fabulously positive for freedom in the average person.
  So I wanted to take a moment out to thank Elon Musk for all he's done.
  And to specifically point out that he sent his lawyers last Thursday afternoon to Houston in my corporate bankruptcy case, and they have appeared officially in the case and have requested all the data, all the files, and all the information so they can review it and find out for themselves exactly what is going on.
  Now people have asked me, Why did Elon do that?
  And I know the answer.
  It's because it's in his own self-interest at X not to allow them to do what they've been trying the last few months in my case.
  They have literally claimed in federal filings, the Democrats, using these plaintiffs as their front group, that they own the name Alex Jones and that they own the name real Alex Jones on X. They actually put in the filing that the 13th Amendment does not apply to Alex Jones.
  Amendment outlawing slavery and indentured servitude because all of the federal cases since then have said, somebody can be bankrupt, somebody can be a criminal, somebody can be on death row, but you can't take their name and their likeness and use it without the permission or paying them because that's slavery.
  Well, they are literally trying to overturn not just your property rights, but your very right to your name.
  And so now The Onion, with this big Democrat Soros gun control group funding it, that's really who did this, they admitted it on Good Morning America Friday, came in here and supposedly won the auction, which never even happened, I'll get to that in a moment, and are saying they want to take my identity and have Infowars.com and use the archive of my work to edit it and to distort it and to Ridicule me and quote,
  discredit me.
  And they admit they didn't want money.
  The plaintiffs, they wanted to take me off the air in these filings as well.
  I ask that with your verdict, you not only take Alex Jones platform that he talks about away.
  I ask that you make certain he can't rebuild the platform.
  That's what matters.
  Take him out of this discourse, of this misinformation, of this peddling of lies, and make sure he can't do it again.
  That is punishment.
  That is deterrence.
  And the question's going to be, where is Alice Jones when that happens?
  Is he in a studio?
  Getting ready to pounce?
  Or will you stop him?
  And that is why I've been saying that what this is heading towards is there's going to be a large set of plaintiffs who are going to be dividing up the corpse of Infowars in the bankruptcy estate.
  And over the course of that process, that could get very, very dangerous for Mr.
  Jones.
  But we will be at it as long as it takes.
  And if you're out there right now and you're one of Alex Jones' audience members and you're considering giving him money, I just want you to know that based on the jury's verdict today, it's not a very good bet.
  I hope that we never see someone like Him again.
  I hope that with your verdict, He can go away.
  But the money is not even really the question for me.
  The question is, will this suit be successful at stopping him from being on the national stage?
  You don't get that under federal law.
  You can get money in a judgment, but you don't get to try to destroy somebody's livelihood.
  You don't get to try to destroy somebody's name.
  So, ladies and gentlemen, this is a big deal.
  And when I talk about Musk doing this out of self-interest, All freedom comes from self-interest when you understand history and common sense and human nature.
  Musk has said if one person doesn't have freedom of speech, it'll end up being everybody.
  So when I want freedom, it's out of self-interest.
  Yes, I want you to be free as well.
  If I don't have freedom, you're going to end up not having freedom.
  And so Elon Musk understands these basic fundamentals that more people need to understand.
  They used me, before they even banned Trump off of Twitter, Five years ago or so, to set the precedent to be able to take anybody off, and they admitted that.
  And to do that, they demonized me.
  They lied about me.
  They created these straw man things that I never did and promoted all over the media for years.
  Then they had show trials with the judges that already found me guilty, had HBO produce it, And then found me liable for $1.5 billion.
  So I was guilty until proven, how guilty?
  Not innocent until proven guilty.
  Not guilty until proven innocent, but guilty until proven, how guilty?
  This is all being done strategically, It's all lawfare.
  It's total tyranny.
  It's all part of the new global social credit score where the big banks admit in the future, if you're not a good little globalist, you won't just not be able to have a car or get on a plane or a bus or go to the grocery store.
  It's not just that your credit card won't work.
  It's that you yourself will literally have your identity taken by the system.
  So this is all being done very strategically.
  Demonize a minority or an individual.
  Get everybody to agree that those people don't have rights, like Hitler and the Jews and many other examples, the Russian communists and the Kulaks.
  And then once you've set the precedent to take their rights away, you take everybody else's rights away.
  And so Elon Musk is a champion in the real world.
  He's always been a maverick in everything he's done.
  And now he's taken that action of being a trailblazer for human liberty to levels never before seen.
  And without him, we wouldn't have overridden the massive election fraud and we wouldn't have been able to get President Trump in.
  And now, day one after the victory, he turned his attention to Big Pharma and Fauci and their crimes against humanity and his attention to stopping World War III. Elon Musk, hands down, He's a hero.
  And for people out there saying, oh, he's powerful, he's rich, we can't trust him.
  Christ said you judge a tree by its fruits.
  And the fruits of Elon Musk are It's overwhelmingly incredible when it comes to fighting tyranny and waking people up and providing a platform for billions of people to share information openly and freely.
  So I am a defender of Elon Musk.
  I am a booster of Elon Musk.
  I am an extreme supporter of Elon Musk.
  And I want to thank him for his courage, his will, and his vision.
  And I also want to thank all of you.
  Now, briefly recapping what's happened with my bankruptcy case.
  Just in May 31st of this year, the last federal appointed trustee ordered the building shut with private security with no court order.
  And I said, I'm not leaving.
  I'm calling the police.
  And people didn't believe it.
  It sounded so tyrannical.
  Oh, that couldn't have happened.
  And then two weeks later, they had the emergency hearing.
  And the judge said, not only is he not kicked out, you're fired.
  This is crazy.
  The new trustee came in, acted friendly for the last...
  A few months since May, and then totally turned around and had a fake auction where they said it was a public auction of the highest bidder, but they'd already made the agreement with the Democrats and their plaintiffs and had let them win the bid for fiat future earnings from the judgment on me,
  even though that's on appeal and federal law says you can't do that.
  And even though the judge had authorized an auction at some time in the future, but wanted more hearings about it, and he said that at the hearing Wednesday.
  So there was not an auction.
  The judge said, this is not an auction.
  That's in the transcript.
  And that's why they seized the building and turned the internet off Thursday morning.
  And then we were back in Friday morning because they finally woke up and went, oh my God, we literally hijacked someone's building.
  I still own it.
  Well, here we are back at the Infowars studios.
  I thought it was bought by The Onion.
  I heard they bought it.
  I heard they got it at an auction.
  Turned out it was a rigged auction.
  Turned out the judge didn't authorize that auction.
  This is like robbing a bank and figuring out you did it and then trying to take the money back.
  You already robbed the bank.
  Doesn't matter you bring the money back the next day.
  So, people find this hard to believe because it's so crazy.
  I like basically hear Twilight Zone music all the time myself, okay?
  But now you see the headlines, and ooh, judge angry.
  Judge says auction didn't happen.
  You know, judge says everybody should be very concerned about how this was done, and he's gonna have a full investigation.
  Now you've got former deputy attorney general under Trump, you know, saying there needs to be a criminal investigation, and the word is the wheels are going very, very quickly on that.
  Like I told you before, it even hit the news.
  Elon Musk is getting involved.
  That's confirmed.
  So yeah, truth is stranger than fiction.
  We're in the middle of it right now.
  I'm not sure what's going to happen now, but I can't imagine this judge is known as fair and known for having courage to do the right thing.
  And so these folks, I think, are in for a very, very rude awakening.
  And from the documents we've gotten from the auction after the fact, it's clear cut what it is.
  And I'm not going to say what it is.
  I'm just going to wait until you see what it is, and you are going to be blown away.
  It's like these cases where people commit something, and then they videotape it, and people are like, why did they videotape themselves doing it?
  Why did they record it?
  I guess they think if they create a record of it, that it would somehow make it okay.
  I mean, they're on TV going, well, he doesn't get his rights, so he's Alex Jones.
  Overnight, the judge in charge of this put a hold on your purchase, raising questions about the process, raising questions about transparency in the bidding process.
  What do you make of that?
  Are you confident this is still going to go through?
  Yeah, look, we won the bid.
  We own InfoWars, and we are very excited about that.
  But is it true that you didn't have the highest bid?
  We did have the highest bid when you take into account the family's concessions here.
  They made a concerted effort to make this the best and highest bid for everybody involved.
  So we're very excited to take that over.
  And look, it's Alex Jones.
  If he just handled this graciously and moved away, that would be the funniest part of this whole situation.
  Obviously that is not something that he's going to do in this situation.
  So you're confident this is going to go through?
  Oh yeah, absolutely.
  I think that's what it is, but I don't understand the psychology.
  But this is crazy.
  So thank you, Elon Musk.
  Thank you, America.
  Thank you for the world.
  I'm going to be on today, this Sunday, 4 to 8 p.m.
  at Infowars.com forward slash show.
  Band out video here out of our studios.
  You can follow us on our backup channel in case something bad happens at AJNLive for the Alex Jones Network Live at AJNLive.
  Obviously, Real Alex Jones on X, radio stations across the country.
  Please support our sponsor to keep us on air.
  It takes money to fight these legal battles.
  Great supplements, great patriot gear.
  TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  My dad's great supplement company.
  DRJonesNaturals.com.
  We're backed by...
  The people.
  Not backed by the establishment.
  Until now, I guess the new establishment we take America back is Elon Musk.
  But he's coming to the case to obviously defend his rights and your rights at the same time.
  So hopefully the cavalry's here.
  But for now, every bit of money we've got coming in to support the operation is from average folks like you and I. So thanks for your support.
  History's happening.
  I'll never give in.
  I'll never back down.
  I'll never sell out.
  It's impossible.
  It's not in my DNA. But I could give out.
  But so far, you have kept me in the fight.
  And I just want to thank you for that.
  Because we're having such victories against these people and it's so important for our children's future.
  Thank you so much to all of you and again to President Trump and Elon Musk.
  Thank you.
  What I'm about to break down can benefit you in multiple ways, three different ways.
  Number one, it will keep this transmission against the globalists that they absolutely hate on the air and will keep a broadcast and news information system That is credited by the most evil people on earth as being one of the main thorns in their side.
  So you keep us out there fighting for you, fighting for ourselves, fighting for our future when you get this product.
  Now here's the other two big benefits.
  Everybody knows that CBD from the hemp plant is absolutely incredible, anti-inflammatory, great for mental clarity and focus, but also being relaxed at the same time.
  Just so good for your immune system, all your cells, your whole body.
  It is a gift from God.
  So everybody knows that.
  Hell, medical doctors are prescribing it everywhere.
  But then here's the other part, and this is the part you may not know.
  When you see the high-end 1,000-milligram CBDs out there, and they're retailing at 120 or 140 or 150 from your doctor, these are the discounted brands for $75.
  That's about the market rate.
  That's a good deal compared to 120 or 150.
  But, ladies and gentlemen, there's a ton of markup in there.
  One of the top manufacturers in the country that has scores of companies private labeling their highly rated product is owned by a listener.
  And so I've been talking to them really for over a year, but in the last six months we got serious with one of my sponsors for them to go and private label them from them and for us to be authorized.
  To bring you the lowest price you're going to find anywhere on high-quality CBD. So I want to introduce to you JonesCBD.com.
  JonesCBD.com.
  Ladies and gentlemen, this 1,000-milligram concentrated nanotincture, which means it's way more highly absorbable, Could easily retail for $120 and sell all day.
  And some people will pay more if they think it's better.
  No.
  This same CBD is sold by different people that probably label it from $140, $120, $75.
  Nobody, even when they discount it, is going below that.
  Ladies and gentlemen, introducing Ultra Green.
  This is a thousand milligram, high-end, nano-process, so it goes into the cells.
  Much better at the statistics here.
  It's on the website.
  And this is all documented, all certified.
  This is the best steel you're going to find anywhere, and it's only $47.95.
  And when you combo it, It's even less.
  So let me read some of the facts off here.
  It's nano-sized bioaventability, supercharged, delivering eight to nine times the absorption of standard formulas.
  If you're done with watered-down, underpowered products, UltraGreen is here to bring you the real deal.
  Demand the best.
  Grab Ultra Green Nano CBD at jonescbd.com today.
  And then there's another great product that's even less, $39.95.
  And it's got the Nano CBD in it and then a whole bunch of other known concentrated herbs that give you deep, restful sleep.
  And the CBD does that as well.
  So I'm up to sell you on CBD. I'm up to sell you on supporting the broadcast.
  All I'm asking you to do is to try this.
  And what do you have to lose?
  You've funded the broadcast.
  You're fighting tyranny.
  And when you get a great response from this CBD and you take it and it works better than CBD that costs twice as much or more, you're going to say, Alex Jones did not steer me wrong again.
  I didn't bring a silver or gold sponsor on until about 13 months ago.
  I've been in silver and gold for 30 years.
  For 12, I haven't promoted it because the silver and gold market was down.
  And most of the dealers were overcharging.
  So I didn't promote silver or gold for 12 years.
  When I knew it was going to explode, and I was sure of it, with all the indicators, because I read the economists' work across the board every day, I got a sponsor that's highly rated on, and silver, since he came on, is up almost 50%.
  Gold's exploded as well.
  So, I don't steer you wrong.
  And when I tell you that if you already like CBD, and most folks do it, know how great it works, this is high-end, high-quality, at the lowest price you're going to find.
  This is just some of the products that are at jonescbd.com.
  We are very excited about this, and it is helping fund The Alex Jones Network at AJN Live on X and the studios, the satellite uplinks for radio and TV, the crew, the legal, everything we're doing.
  So it is a match made in heaven.
  All you've got to do is go to jonescbd.com, buy the product, you support the broadcast, you win right there, you get it, and you take it, and you get a great experience.
  It works great.
  Believe me, I use it all the time.
  My family uses it.
  And Then I want you to do something else.
  If you've not known how good CBD was, you're going to go, this is great.
  You're into CBD now.
  Go out and get one of the other brands that's even more money and then just see if this doesn't work better or just as good because this is high-end.
  The same company we're getting this from, people sell it for twice as much or more all day long.
  Now again, if you are a CBD person, you'll know immediately when you take it that is high quality.
  Now, can you pay three times as much and get 3,000 milligram and even more concentrate?
  Yeah, but it becomes overkill.
  So instead of taking, you know, Four or five drops of the super strong stuff.
  You take six, seven, eight drops of this, and it's just as good.
  You got a lower price.
  And again, thousand milligram is very high on the spectrum.
  It's already very strong.
  But to be honest, there's stuff even stronger out there.
  But this is high quality.
  It's nano.
  It funds the operation.
  This is, hands down, the best deal there is out there.
  So please visit jonescbd.com today and keep this transmission on one way or another.
  I humbly thank you.
  I respectfully thank you for what you've done because I can't do this without you and we are funding our operations against the globalists of retail sales.
  And as you know, it's been all over the newspapers, have spent close to $80 million of lawsuits and garbage trying to shut us down the last seven years.
  And because of your support, we have been able to fight them off and stay on air.
  But now is our most critical time to ensure that this new system is able to stay on air, regardless of what happens to Infowars.
  So this is a time for action.
  And you don't just vote for Trump.
  Thank you so much.
  Now visit jonescbd.com and I thank you.