While other networks lie to you about what's happening now, InfoWars tells you the truth about what's happening next.
  Visit Infowars.com/show and support the InfoWars.
  InfoWars, the most banned network in the world.
  One of the easiest ways to actually start the story is really with the story of internet freedom and its switch from internet freedom to internet censorship.
  In 1961, Eisenhower warned about the possible rise of a technological elite.
  A scientific technological elite.
  That would control public policy without people's awareness.
  That elite now exists.
  It gave rise to this multi-billion dollar censorship industry that joins together the military-industrial complex.
  The military-industrial complex.
  And professional fact-checker groups that serve as this sort of sentinel class that surveys every word on the internet.
  InfoWars founder Alex Jones is calling out alleged collusion between Google and Democrats.
  The real election meddling is by Facebook and Google and others that are shadow banning people, that are outright banning people, and they're blocking conservatives involved in their own First Amendment political speech.
  All you need to do is control the media and the social media ecosystem because that's what controls elections.
  A new study says that Google's search algorithm could actually help steal the presidency.
  CNN projects Joseph R. Biden Jr.
  is elected the 46th president of the United States.
  There is an information war going on right now behind the scenes.
  I believe the threats posed by Google are so serious that everyone needs to know about them.
  Google is now one of the number one threats to freedom on this planet.
  The controlling of algorithms on Facebook, Google, and TikTok and what people can see and search is a huge deal.
  People blindly trust high-ranking search results over lower ones.
  They have to manipulate their search results so it gives them the political agenda that they want.
  So I just started collecting this treasure trove of documents that was showing clear intention to unduly influence the election.
  Google is evil!
   To let big tech get away with subliminal manipulation on this scale would be to make the free and fair election
  meaningless.
   It doesn't represent the will of its users, but instead represents the will of a group of people making decisions
  behind the shadows.
  It certainly looks like the perfect crime.
  What I'm essentially describing is military rule.
  They are picking our presidents and our senators and our members of Congress and our attorneys general.
  I don't like that.
  Controlling information in these Information Wars is critical to the Democrats keeping people stupid and Google is the SWAT team there.
If we don't stop them in the 2024 election, Google alone will be able to shift between 6.4 and 25.5 million votes to one candidate. 
  Four more years.
  Four more years!
  If somebody's gonna try to blackmail me with advertising.
  Blackmail me with money?
  Go fuck yourself.
  
  We need all the protection that we can get.
  That's why the vaccines are so effective.
  This is a pandemic of the unvaccinated.
  We've got to get them vaccinated.
  And hopefully they will do it willingly.
  I think we really need to make it clear that there are privileges associated with being an American.
  If you do not want to get vaccinated, you can work from home.
  You can homeschool your children.
  You can shop online.
  So where is this coming from?
  People saying, I'm now being forced to be vaccinated.
  If you want to travel, you better go get that vaccine.
  You should be wearing masks even when you are vaccinated if you are indoors.
  If you wish to have these privileges, you need to get vaccinated.
  You have to say something coming out, you know, you don't get vaccinated, you know, you're going to die.
  I mean, let's just, let's just give real advice to these people.
  Get vaccinated.
  Ladies and gentlemen, it is May 1st on this Wednesday Live Transmission 2024.
  We're going to break some of the biggest news ever when we come back.
  Breaking bombshell front page of InfoWars.com.
  James O'Keefe set to break story of the century.
  And I've been talking to him this morning.
  This is so incredible back in 60 seconds.
  It is Wednesday, May 1st, 2024.
  It's the high communist holiday and they are rioting all over the United States and Europe as we speak.
  The globalists are escalating the crises into the summer of Rage and Love 2.0, ahead of the election of President Trump.
  We're obviously going to be talking a lot about that and other very important news stories today, including the public rollout of AI remote controlling your cars, your cell phones, everything.
  The rollout is now out in the open, incredible.
  Breaking news there, but I got a call at about 6 a.m.
  this morning while I was doing research from James O'Keefe and then he sent me a video about an hour ago, a special report, and we talked again and he is going to be on the show at the start of the broadcast tomorrow and I'm gonna be on the spaces with him at 5 p.m.
  today on X when this breaks.
  And we talked several times, but I called him back and I said, you didn't tell me what I can say about this.
  And he said, well, whatever you think's best, just don't break the details of it.
  And I get a lot of this information first because I've been good about never giving up sources and been really good about not jumping the gun on stories.
  And he just said, whatever I think's best, hands down, this is the biggest thing O'Keefe's ever done.
  And I've always said he's broken so many huge stories with his teams that it's hard to say what his biggest thing ever was.
   but you notice they took down Project Veritas about a month after he, or less than a month after he
   exposed the head of global mRNA research at Pfizer in New York, who thought he was there for a pickup,
   about how they made the viruses in labs, they're gonna roll them out, not just COVID,
   but new viruses to take over the world and make trillions of dollars.
   People couldn't believe it was real, it was confirmed it was real.
  This story is a hundred times bigger.
   That is more gain of function and it improves the crimes against humanity,
   but this story, if it gets out there on a mass scale, which it is,
  I would expect Elon Musk is gonna boost this.
  I know Keith just met with the big guy this morning, and I don't mean Joe Biden, the real president in New York.
  And Trump is completely blown away, but a lot of this has already been documented and has come out.
  And of course, back at the time I said what was happening to Trump and Roger Stone and myself as well.
  That's why they had headlines.
  The number one job in the White House is keeping Trump away from Alex Jones and InfoWars because we understood this at the time and CNN responded and said, Jones is crazy.
  U.S.
  intelligence is not spying on Trump and is not behind claiming he's a Russian agent.
   So Let me just tell you as much as I can say, okay?
  Before 5 o'clock today, Eastern, when this breaks.
  And I'll be on with O'Keefe then.
  He invited me on today.
  We know there was a long-term CIA coup against America in 1963 when they killed Kennedy.
  And that's well documented.
  And we know since then they've run the culture wars and all of it.
  And O'Keefe has now posted a little bit about what's happening at 5 p.m.
  today inside the CIA.
  Insider blows whistle on executive staff at CIA HQ and their coup against America.
  And you didn't just see O'Keefe last few days outside the CIA headquarters kind of giving you a hint about this.
  The guy's got balls the size of an elephant's.
  I have seen the first installment and it is bombshell.
  I was completely calm in here getting ready and then he sent me the video and you gave me a passcode and I went in my office and I began sweating and caught myself breathing hard having a little bit of an anxiety attack watching it.
   For so many reasons because we already know this is going on but this is just total vindication And validation, but also, what are they going to do to O'Keefe?
  And what are we going to do about this rogue government?
  So, when you also look at the quality of these high-level spies, and which is very, very low, they're a bunch of effeminate leftists, it just makes you know how rotten the leadership of this country is and how much they hate the American people.
  Because they really are ganged up on us with all these agencies and all the taxpayer money and the rest of it.
  So, it's very hard to not tell you what I saw.
  And we were already going to do a SPACES in the last hour and a half of the show today, so we'll do a SPACES simulcast of the show coming up in about an hour and 20 minutes.
  Just discussing the documented cases of the CIA being involved illegally, domestically, and the Smith-Mundt Act being repealed.
  By Obama and their illegal domestic operations, they now believe are legal.
  And just how dangerous this is and how far down the rabbit hole of tyranny America has gone.
  And it's interesting, I was already planning to do a Space News today for a few days and I was debating yesterday, what should we do it on?
  And I was going to do it on civil war.
   And the summer of hate, what we saw in 2000, 2.0, much bigger, and how that's all run by
   the CIA and is a coup against America, as I said yesterday, and they're using similar
   color revolution tactics in Europe and other areas of the planet.
   So I was already planning to go with that headline basically today, but I'm going to,
   I was just talking to Keith Minutes before I went live on air.
  I'm really trying to digest this because he said whatever I think is best I can say, but just don't, you know, give the story away yet, obviously.
  The biggest thing is the sense of urgency.
  I almost questioned O'Keefe like, okay, you're pre-hyping this.
  You know how dangerous that is?
  But I think it's the right thing only a few hours before to do it.
  So in case they do try to suppress it, they can't stop it.
  But we are firing the bat signal up to Elon Musk.
  O'Keefe, again, did just meet with Trump.
   And Trump is very concerned, obviously, and very, very, very focused on this
  while he's at the show trial run by the CIA.
   It's not just Soros, he's kind of the bagman cutout that he gives the money to Tides Foundation
  and the other groups.
   So I'm kind of pole axed right now because I was getting ready for all this other news
   that we're gonna be hitting, and it's huge and very important.
   But to know you're under an illegal coup, And it's not like it's just boss hog
  that wants to own and run things and be powerful.
   These people hate this country, they hate families, they hate Christianity, they hate God, they hate humanity itself, and it's the Carnegie Endowment that has this post-human project they're running to try to use humanity to build some new superhuman And it's just megalomaniacal beyond Dreams of Ranger.
  Dreams of Ranger to the 10th power.
  And no matter if you fight this or you join this thing, it's going to destroy you.
  Unless we defeat it.
  I cannot believe and I constantly think about all the people that serve this evil system pretending like they're on the winning team out of spiritual disconnect or just ignorance, wickedness.
  A lot of them know what they're doing.
  They like it.
  There's a thrill to it.
  I mean, I couldn't imagine human trafficking and pedophilia and torture and murder and cutting off our energy and attacking our families and poisoning our children.
  I mean, just in the last two weeks, several FDA studies, British government studies, Australian government studies.
  This morning I was reviewing some of the news, I didn't get to the last few days.
   I've got a giant stack of more than 40 news articles and news clips in Canada, in Australia, in the US,
   in the UK, in Germany, in the Netherlands, in France, in New Zealand where the government goes,
   okay, the shots are causing record level heart attack, miscarriages, blood clots, myocarditis, and cancer.
  So what?
   And just 80% plus of women who take a Pfizer or Moderna shot during the first two trimesters
  a miscarriage.
  That was a New England Medical Journal two years ago.
  Now there's more government reports confirming every Western country has on average an 80% miscarriage rate in women that take it.
  Period!
  Across all three trimesters.
  I mean, just that is like, wow!
  What a really nice friendly group of people.
  And folks, what did Dr. Michael Yee done?
  One of the chief advisors of the EU, that's Dr. Wolfgang Wodarg, with Michael Yedon wrote a paper who was the former head of virology and vaccines for Pfizer, the head of their vaccine program, their largest program at Pfizer.
  He came out in December of 2020 and said these shots are going to do this.
   But even before that, in October, three months before, two and a half months before, the FDA put out publicly a List of probable adverse reactions.
  Let's pull that up.
  FDA probable adverse reactions from the Moderna and Pfizer shots.
  That's the same, exact same shot.
  Just the Moderna's three times, three times more of the witch's brew in there.
  That's what they followed and said.
  It turns out they were all just changing it constantly, doing whatever they wanted, testing all sorts of weird stuff, had nothing to do with COVID.
  Thousands of tests were done that it's still secret.
  They don't want it released for 75 years.
  They said that in federal court.
  I mean, it's just, it's just unbelievable.
  We're being murdered en masse, and then I'll be sitting there, it only happens every once in a while now, you know, getting groceries or whatever, and someone will walk over and say, how dare you attack those children at Sandy Hook?
   Of course, I did nothing, they say I did, it's all made up, what I supposedly did to these people, they had show trials, but, I mean, it's like, you think I feel guilty because, oh, I'm not a war criminal.
  I didn't lie about WMDs.
  I didn't, you know, fund Hezbollah.
  I didn't do any of these things.
  But then the left's like, oh, he's mean to dead kids.
  Just totally made up.
  Because I covered a story about people questioning anomalies at Sandy Hook.
  It wasn't even the guy that first said it, just barely covered it, which is fine.
  That's our First Amendment.
   But that's why they had to have judges find me guilty in both trials and Before the trial began and then have staged events with HBO where the judge is having makeup put on by HBO and then she goes, the movie premiere, the main selection, it's South by Southwest, the main movie, and she is on the red carpet and gets standing ovations.
  I mean, only in third world countries would that happen.
  Anywhere else you're recused, you judicially get in trouble, you get kicked off the bench for that.
  But they don't care.
  It's not about me.
  I don't bring that up because I want to put myself in the middle of this.
  But we now know it was the FBI and CIA ran that.
  Well, I mean, it was the head of the FBI in Connecticut who admitted on the stand he initiated it and went and organized the law firms and the families to sue me.
  I never said his name, didn't know who he was.
  We never talked about him.
  No one here.
  He said it on the stand.
  He got $130 million.
  I keep saying $95 million.
  That was the initial.
  Then in other damages, the judge said another almost $40 million.
  So it's $133 million, which I've never made that in my life, personally.
  I've never made $50 million in my life.
  I mean, it's just complete bonkers, cuckoo land.
  They said, that's not enough.
  We want $2.76 trillion, the GDP of India, Bloomberg.
  Again, it's all over the top, crazy town.
  So the FBI goes, organizes it, runs it all with the CIA, does show trials, and then I'm the bad man!
  I'm the worst man in history!
  I'm worse than Stalin and Hitler and Mao Zedong all rolled into one!
  And...
  That's who the left thinks is the bad guy.
  While they're being injected with something that causes at least 80% miscarriages, massive turbo cancers, 22 million dead according to insurance actuaries in the western world alone and growing.
  They have TV ads everywhere.
  Oh, it's normal for five-year-olds to have heart attacks now.
  No big deal.
  Yeah, there's record heart attacks in children.
  We don't know why.
  And you're literally signed on to a death cult where Jim Jones says, drink the Kool-Aid that's full of cyanide and you drink it.
  And then you see the CIA people in these undercover videos that is going to be coming out on this.
  Let me tell you something.
  If I was as good at this as O'Keefe, I would do it.
  But in a way, maybe it's subconscious cowardice that I've not gone out and done these type of investigative journalism things.
  I mean, we've done a bunch of it and caught human smuggling and all sorts of other stuff.
   I mean, we've done some big things, but this is literally I mean, James O'Keefe knows that these people are criminal thugs.
  And he knows they're going to try to put him in prison or kill him.
  So, I guess it is the cliché, once you piss off an Irishman, it doesn't matter what you do, they're going to come after you until you're dealt with or they're dealt with.
  And so, that's where this is.
  And I mean, it's just incredible.
   And what's insane is, These people, anybody that was a real spy, would never even tell their wife about what they did.
  And, I mean, I had family that did stuff.
  And they go, oh, gee, you're with the government.
  No, no, they told me the government was bad.
  That's why I knew all this when I was like 12 years old.
  I mean, I had family, quite a few of them, because that was back in the age of those huge numbers.
  Now it's all digital.
   And they were all like, Mr. America, Captain America types, and actually thought they were fighting for America, but then they found out it was bad.
  And they didn't tell me or my mom or family about this till they were dying.
  Till they were dying.
  And they said a little bit like, don't believe a damn thing the government says, they're evil, they're pedophiles, they're criminal, they're doing horrible things.
  And my uncle was a senior guy.
  Senior.
  I mean, he was in charge of building airfields in Central and South America.
  And running communications.
  And he told me the government was trafficking children out of Guatemala, out of orphanages for the sex trade.
  And I told you this 10 years ago when he died.
  Now it's all over the news.
  The CIA traffics little children, folks.
  Remember the Russians a decade ago said you can't adopt kids from here anymore, you're doing horrible things to them?
  You cannot have a more evil group of people than what we have running our government.
  Now, by extension, people then think, oh, well, then Putin must be good, or China must be good.
  No.
  Corruption's all over the place.
  But the heavyweight champions of evil is our government.
  And folks better be aware of that, and you better understand that.
  And again, I had some other family, and when they were dying, and they already told my dad some of this, but I was very close with him, I can't even say who, been an army officer, and he had the same experience.
   He'd been all over the world and all sorts of stuff, Cold War, Europe, you name it, and followed orders, and then he was supposed to do these missions for the CIA, In Chicago.
  And he said, oh, I'm out of this.
  I'm not doing this.
  And he was 40-something years old when that happened.
  He got out of it.
  And he wouldn't tell my dad the details.
  He just said, it's so evil, you wouldn't believe it.
  You know, he did the stuff like you see in Apocalypse Now, where they call him Captain Willard.
  They're sending him to kill Colonel Kurt, stuff like that.
  That was what he did.
  And he said to my dad, he said, it's so evil, you wouldn't even believe it.
  My dad said, what is it?
  He said, he just, I'm not going to tell you.
  He just said, it's as evil as it gets.
  And what do you, and again, you just think I'm shaking a stick in the dark and my family, they all know about this.
  This stuff's all over the place, ladies and gentlemen.
  It's going on everywhere.
  And...
  We have to understand we are in the hands of madmen.
  
  Absolute psychotics.
  And then they've got below them the corrupt judiciary and all these lawyers and just all these lazy stupid people that have no idea how much danger they're in as well.
  And then you got Zuckerberg and all the rest of the billionaires, and I told you about this decades ago.
  Who are building giant bunkers for nuclear war and civil unrest.
  And then I posted on Exchequer today, I said, you know, doesn't Zuckerberg basically know he's building a tomb for himself with this 10-story deep giant base in Kauai?
  That's not a threat.
  People say, well, why is it a tomb?
   Well, if there's a breakdown of civilization and people know you've got a bunker in between towns of people that hate you, Bunkers are only against other governments that are going to try to hit you from the air or space or with artillery.
  Once you're in a bunker, no matter how fortified, it is a death trap.
  And then people ask, why?
  If you don't know military tactics, I'm not going to explain it to you.
  But anybody knows you just back up.
  A truck of gasoline and you dump it down the breathing holes and you light the fuse.
  And I'm not... I don't want anything to happen to Zuckerberg.
  I'm trying to tell them... Or you just hook up an engine to their snorkels.
  They can try to have their own air system.
  It's not going to matter.
  There's a hundred ways to take people out in a bunker.
  Bunkers are tombs.
  Bunkers the last place you want to be.
  Now, bunkers that have other exits are good.
  That's why reportedly he's got a submarine there that goes out to his yacht that's off the coast.
  But that's not the question.
  I don't raise how his bunker is a tomb as some veiled threat.
  It's warning them, like, what are you thinking?
  What do you think your security people are going to do once this all goes down?
  They're going to mount your head on a stick.
  They're gonna live in your bunker.
  And that's not even the issue.
  What does it signify that they're all building bunkers in the middle of nowhere?
  And the really smart ones, again, it's where the Pine Line ends going up towards the Arctic Circle.
  They built airfields, bases, everything.
  Little towns for the globalists up there.
   They built them in Tasmania, they've built them in mountain areas, in Switzerland, the ones I know people have been to that I've talked to, they built them in New Zealand.
  The really smart ones have ship fleets, and the really rich ones just openly have, you know, the 300-foot, 400-foot yachts.
  But people like James Cameron has his undersea company and these former ocean liners he's got, not because he just writes it off on the movies about the Titanic.
  That's all a cover for him, not just trusting New Zealand, which is wise.
  Well, you never see James Cameron anymore.
  He's been read in on all this.
  James Cameron is ready to survive on the high seas.
  So they're hurdling us towards a collapse so violent, so cataclysmic, so insane that they're all running to the hills.
  Why?
  Why not stabilize civilization?
  Why not empower humanity?
  Why not stop all of this?
  Because they're evil folks and they just can't help it.
  And they see us as the enemy.
  Yeah, Bill Gates is a giant self-sustained yacht.
  And there's one of James Cameron's boats.
  So... Good luck to them.
  Good luck to them when all hell breaks loose.
  Because...
  They have created the unstable world for us and for themselves.
  All right.
  I'm going to probably say more about the O'Keefe thing.
  It's so huge.
  And what the fallout, in fact I will, what the fallout is going to be, how they're going to try to contain it, and where we come in making sure it goes super mega viral.
  But it drops at 5 p.m.
  Eastern today.
  I'm Alex Jones.
  I'll be on with O'Keefe during his show.
  5 p.m.
  today, Eastern.
  Stay with us.
  So what I really want to ask you to do is pray for myself and the crew and my family.
  That's number one.
  I want that.
  I need that.
  It's your prayer that's doing it.
  That's why this surfaced.
  That's why this happened.
  I need the prayer that I need you to take the articles, the videos, the posts we make at Real Alex Jones, recopy them, share them, post them yourself, do whatever.
  Just get it out there.
   And I need you To go to InfoWarsStore.com, and I need you to get great products you already need.
  There's a bunch of sales going.
  DNA Force Plus is so good for your entire body.
  Flushes out your mitochondria and your cells with the PQQ, the CoQ10, the ELV, ATP, the Organic Reishi, the Stragalus Membranos Root, and even more for 50% off.
  I haven't done that in a while.
  That's amazing.
  Discover the power of Triionine, Deep Earth Crystal, Ionine, X3, 40% off.
   Body's ultimate turmeric formula 40% off and turbo force 10-hour clean energy is
   40% off at info work store.com turbo force. We'll be right back. You know, I was talking about my mother's brother
   I'm saying that back in the 80s when he was in Central South America, the CIA was shipping kidnapped children out
   of Guatemalan orphanages around the world do horrible things
   to him This is in the Associated Press, just a couple days ago, the crew just randomly types in whatever I say, and they always find stuff.
  Save the children, disputes, abuse allegations after Guatemalan prosecutors raid offices, claim the group's involved in human trafficking of children.
   So, Guatemala, one of the big centers of that, as I was just saying to you earlier, humans are seen as garbage, not just a commodity, but Trash to be taken out, to be depopulated.
  So it's not just that we don't have any value, we have negative value to the globalists.
  But in truth we have organs they can harvest and little children they can sell to people so they make money off of it.
  So it's not the government doesn't care about you, they hate you and they want to kill you.
  Because evil will settle to absolute evil.
  Once you go along with evil, there's always going to be somebody more evil that replaces you.
  There's always gonna be a gang worse than you.
  And once evil starts triumphing, it runs rampant like cancer.
  It metastasizes everywhere.
  So, James O'Keefe contacted me this morning, and he said, I'm gonna send you what I think is the story of the century, what do you think?
   And I saw it, and I said, yeah, if it gets out there big, and if Trump takes action, and if everybody really, really promotes it, and if Elon Musk gets on board with it, and if Congress It doesn't just have hearings, but Frank's church-style hearings where they really go after them and they cut the funding to these agencies and we make a big deal about this to the American people about the coup that's happened.
  This is the biggest story of the century.
  This is a tipping point moment.
  And so if you think the CIA, FBI guy saying they targeted me was big, this is way, way, way, way, way bigger because it's Alex Jones being targeted.
  Okay, that's bad enough.
   This is The entire government that's loyal to America, President Trump, the American people, and the CIA's war against this republic in the name of protecting it.
  And it's just a bunch of arrogant, hateful leftists, the biggest liars you've ever seen, completely soulless, willing to do anything.
  So at 5 p.m.
  Eastern today, 4 p.m.
  Central, I'll be on a Spaces with James O'Keefe as he reveals this and as he posts the report.
  Obviously, Owen Schroer at 4 o'clock Central, 5 o'clock Eastern, he'll have the video.
  I already have it right here, but I can't put it out yet.
  And he'll have that on the War Room.
   But there's the post by O'Keefe inside the CIA Insider Blows whistle on executive staff at CIA HQ.
  And we're talking as high as it goes, ladies and gentlemen.
  Absolutely.
  As high as it goes.
  So I have a special report coming up.
  Dealing with how these monsters intend to control us.
  And if you think the ways they have to put their finger and their thumb on us is bad now, their boot on us.
  This entire technological system has been designed since the 50s in a long-term strategic plan.
  The Intergalactic Communication System, that's what they call it.
  Can't make this up.
  And it is designed to phase out humans.
  So that report I shot this morning will be ready any minute, I'm told.
  And we're going to be airing that here for you.
   So I'm going to shift gears now out of the O'Keefe information And we'll get back into that and talk about what we know of the CIA, what we know about the domestic operations, how it all hooks into the NSA, coming up at the bottom of the next hour in about 43 minutes from now, when we simulcast on Spaces and kind of have a build-up to the O'Keefe bombshell.
  And this is really important.
  We can't get punch drunk and you get so used to their tyranny that as bigger and bigger revelations come out, we go, yeah, we already know that.
  Remember a lot of the public is still asleep.
  So I reposted yesterday building seven video and Larry Silverstein saying he blew it up.
  And people said we already know this.
  You already know it.
  Other people don't already know this.
  Or people say, well, why are you just now covering this?
  I covered it the day it happened.
  I made five films and wrote multiple books on it.
  And have done thousands of interviews on it and been to New York dozens of times, interviewed firefighters and police and whistleblowers and Barry Jennings that they killed right after he was on the show.
  I mean, I just love how so many people get catty about information they know, thinking other people must know it, and then saying, why are you repeating old information?
  What is old is new.
  Those that don't know history are doomed to repeat it.
  And that's where we are, as a civilization, and as a society.
  Now, in the meantime, before I get to the simulcast on X, we're already streaming this show out right now at Real Alex Jones.
  I hope you share it, because that's really the real power is you.
  When you figure that out, we'll win.
  If you don't, we'll lose.
  I want to get into the demonstrations around the country.
  And the violence that's breaking out from New York, California to Texas, and where I see that going and what is really behind all of this here today.
  But I want to air a Greg Reif report that we did air once yesterday, again right now, dealing with the Zionist death grip on America.
  And I want to respond to the Zionists that are upset with me, but also the anti-Zionists, as you can call them, and explain where I stand and why I put this out.
  Because this caused a lot of confusion in people out there that have said either I'm anti-Jew or I'm run by the Jews and pro-Jew.
  None of that is true.
  I'm pro-humanity and pro-truth.
  And I'm going to explain that after we air Greg Reese's report again here in just a moment.
  But I do this because, again, same reason I exposed Building 7 videos again this week.
  From time to time, really important historical things.
  We cover JFK assassination probably once a month because sure, 90 plus percent know the government killed him, but it ties into what's happening now and it's all part of knowing history to know where we are now and where we're going in the future.
  But when I do expose things that Israel's done, different administrations in Israel, I do it because I expose our government when they do bad.
  And I expose the German government, the Chinese government, the Mexican government.
  I don't consider that to be the people of that nation.
  And Israel is trying to overthrow their leader right now, who's wildly unpopular.
  So I think it's very important to judge people by individuality, but it's also important to expose what groups have done, and to not have any groups that are off-limits that we can't talk about.
  I love America, and we've been the greatest country in history.
  But I just exposed the CIA's child-trafficking children.
  I told you that decades ago and it's all over the news now.
  That doesn't mean I blame all Americans for that, but I do blame us for not doing more to stop it, and that's why I'm putting this out.
  It's because I believe in you and I believe whether you're Israeli or whether you are a Muslim, whether you're a Palestinian or whether you're Chinese or whether you're Mexican or whoever you are, that you want to know what's going on.
  You want to know the crimes being committed so you can do something societally and change it.
  Here's the report.
  
  Anti-Semitic mobs have taken over leading universities.
  They call for the annihilation of Israel.
  It's unconscionable.
  It has to be stopped.
  It has to be condemned and condemned unequivocally.
  When Netanyahu demanded that the protests against Israel be stopped, the U.S.
  government complied, because our members of Congress have all been bought and paid for with tax dollars given to the American-Israeli Political Action Committee, known as AIPAC.
  AIPAC openly brags about this on their official website, because they don't have to register under the Foreign Agents Registration Act, which requires agents of foreign principles to register and provide transparency.
  Beginning in 1962, they were known as the American Zionist Council, and President John F. Kennedy was ordering them to register as a foreign agent.
  Along with members of the U.S.
  government, the Zionists fought against this.
  In October of 1963, forms were prepared for them to register, but the next month, JFK was assassinated, and Israel has never been asked to register since.
  Four years later, Israel attacked the USS Liberty, murdering dozens of Americans and injuring over a hundred.
  The US government helped them cover it up as an accident.
  On the day of 9-11, five Israelis, who were seen photographing the collapse of the Twin Towers and celebrating, were arrested and detained for several weeks.
   In documents later released by FOIA requests, the FBI redacted their faces in pictures Where they were posing in front of the burning towers and described them as being happy and jovial.
  One of them stated, Israel now has hope that the world will understand us.
  The end of the declassified document asks if they had foreknowledge of the event and were there to film it.
  And the answer was redacted.
  As soon as they were released, they returned to Israel and went on television, where they confirmed that the answer was yes.
  The fact of the matter is, we are coming from a country that experiences terror daily.
  Our purpose was to document the event.
  The dancing Israelis had fake student IDs, and several accounts of suspicious Israeli art students were reported to be infiltrating government buildings.
  Over a hundred of these Israeli art students were arrested.
  Fox News reported that these art students served in military intelligence and explosive ordinance units.
  The majority of those questioned, quote, stated they served in military intelligence, electronic surveillance intercept, and or explosive ordinance units.
  In March of 2000, several of these Mossad art students were living in the World Trade Center as part of the WorldViews Artist-in-Residence program.
  They occupied floors 90 and 91, where walls were unfinished and structural beams were exposed.
  A member of this group of artists, Hanan Sarfati, was arrested by the DEA as part of the Israeli spy ring.
  But the identities of an additional 14 Israelis who were with him have never been released to the public.
  These Israeli artists were sharing the space with a group of Austrian artists known as Gelatin, who were working on a project called The Bee Thing that involved removing windows on the 91st floor of the North Tower.
  A small balcony was constructed for people to stand on while photographs were taken by a helicopter.
  Another group, called E-Team, managed the helicopter with the designation number N666LH.
  This helicopter was to be in an art exhibit memorializing this project, scheduled for September 11th, 2001.
  In March of 2001, E-Team had an art project called 127 Windows.
  Officially, they were going to write their name on the exterior of the tower.
  They had an artist's rendering of what the project was supposed to look like, but it never appears to have happened.
  And on 9-11, American Airlines Flight 11 crashed into the exact spot where they were supposedly preparing to do this.
  In 2001, Gelatin published a book on the project and described it as conspiratorial work.
  It includes a drawing of someone falling headfirst from the 91st floor with the words, 300 meters of pure pleasure.
  Gelatin was originally spelled the same as the explosive, but was officially changed in 2005.
  And the 9-11 Commission report does not mention Gelatin, E-Team, or any of the Israeli Mossad art students.
  Reporting for InfoWars, this is Greg Reese.
  Alright, if you want to see the report, it's at BandOnVideo, the Zionist death grip on the United States government.
  Now, I want to be 100% clear where I stand on all this.
  I produced multiple films with Jason Burmess 14, 15, 16 years ago.
  It was over several years.
  Like Fabled Enemies and others, exposing the different intelligence agencies and the things they've done.
  And Fabled Enemies itself was about Israel.
  And the bad things that Israel's been caught doing that I stand against.
  And when Reese put that report out, and I boosted it and played it, people said, oh, what's Jones doing?
  Oh, he finally loves Hitler now and hates all the Jews.
  He's with us now.
  And I don't agree with that group.
   And I don't agree with people saying, They should carry out genocide against the Muslims and Palestinians in Israel.
  And I'm trying to expose the evil that different agencies and groups and governments do and trying to separate the people of those nations out and put out the truth and put out the research so everybody's aware and then you can make decisions about what you're going to do about it.
  I just call balls and strikes.
  It's what I've always done.
  People will find countless clips of me criticizing Israel and exposing things Israel has done and say, where's the old Alex, the good Alex?
  It's the same Alex that's always been here.
  But I don't say Jews are inherently evil themselves and are the fountain of all problems on earth.
  I don't support Soros and the left and Hezbollah and Hamas saying death to Israel, kill all the Jews, we can play the clips, at these university events, and kicking Jewish students out and beating people up.
  And I understand that Israel stood down.
  Not the whole government, not the whole people, but somebody did.
  And I've talked a lot about that on air.
   And I've asked the question, Who did order the stand-down?
  Was it Netanyahu or was it his military?
  And they both pointed the fingers at each other.
  Nevertheless, they admit there was a stand-down and O'Biden.
  I gave $6 billion 29 days before, October 7th, and I said this looks like a big clash to create social uprisings in Europe and the United States.
  It'll empower Biden, it'll empower Iran, it'll empower the deep state here.
  This is how they stir up a clash of civilizations where both sides are being manipulated.
  Now that's really how stuff works.
  Nine times out of ten in modern history.
  It's been going on for thousands of years.
  So I've been predicting civil unrest for years out of this election.
  I've been predicting the triggers would be Islamic groups in Israel and Black Lives Matter.
  And now it's here with what, 187 days?
  How many days until the election?
  I'll put it on screen.
  So see, all these different groups are tribal.
  You've got the anti-Zionists and then you've got the fallout Nazis that think Hitler was great.
  It's 187 days, 12 hours, 10 minutes, 10 seconds to this election.
  And then you've got all the leftist and communist groups and it just goes on and on.
  I'm just a populist, pro-humanity, anti-transhumanist who's warning about the total AI, New World Order takeover that we'll cover at the start of the next hour with big developments.
  Does it matter whether you're a Jew or whether you are a German or you're Chinese or you're black or white?
  You're being targeted by the deadly vaccines.
  You're being chemtrailed.
  You're being fed GMO.
  You're being 5G'd.
  And I'm really trying to get us to all stop fighting with each other over what color we are and realize there is a technocracy above this that is playing people off against each other.
   And when you get the WikiLeaks documents, it's Hillary with the heads of psychology departments of major universities talking about societal crises and how to create Conflict and social disorder.
  And so, nobody's asking Netanyahu when he says ban these protests, as long as they're peaceful they shouldn't be banned, hey, why aren't you criticizing Soros and the State Department funding it?
  You know, where's Netanyahu bitching about the aid package?
  9 billion to Hezbollah and Hamas and to Gaza, that's who runs it.
  It's Hamas, and Hezbollah gives them technical advice, and $20-something billion to Israel, and $60-something billion to Ukraine.
  I mean, I'm looking at big picture.
  It is funding both sides.
  And that's really what everyone is ignoring, is that all sides are being funded here, but all sides are also being targeted by the New World Order here.
  And whether it's Israel or whether it's the US or whether it's the UK, everyone's getting more and more divided and they're bringing in all these different groups so no one can communicate with each other and now it's official today.
  Associated Press reports Biden is planning to bring the quote, Palestinian refugees to America.
   They built a big bridge and two months ago the Netanyahu memo came out where they're going to dump people they say are too dangerous to be in Israel We're all pissed off at their families killed.
  In America, where they'll then be organized and instead of having, you know, 15 Islamic extremists in Congress, we'll have 30.
  They'll bring millions of them here to get more congressional districts and then run around and bitch and complain and have this weird amalgamation of Islam with communism.
  Kind of a bath party system.
  And then we'll lose our rights as there's more and more terror and more and more violence.
  It's disgusting!
  So, I'm going to say it again.
  I don't like what Israel's doing, and I don't like what the Muslims are doing.
  Can't you understand when someone says, I don't like either side, I don't hate them, but I also see that I'm an American, and I don't like my world dominated by their tribal warfare.
  And so, I'm not in your little cliques.
  And the reason I talk about myself here is it's an example, I think, for everyone.
  The majority of people, no matter what color you are, what your religion is, don't you feel the same?
  I mean, don't you want to be above all this and not try to have people force you into their group?
  I said October 7th was wrong and barbarous and evil.
  And I also said Israel obviously stood down and should be investigated.
  Then Yahoo doesn't want that.
  He says, oh, after the war is over, well, it's never gonna end.
  And then also it'll support Soros and the Communists and Antifa out bombing and shooting and burning and burning down billions of dollars of stuff, you know, years ago and doing it again and then provocateuring stuff and then the police stand back and a big fight starts between the Zionists and the Hamas people and then it just raises the whole temperature of the country and I'm sitting back watching it happen.
  Guys, get me the clip.
  From Russia With Love, Siamese Fighting Fish.
  I've played it probably a hundred times in the last 25 years we've been simulcasting video.
  I'm gonna air it again.
  Because I need, I don't see really any, I see camps.
  Balkanization, divide and conquer, the broken coalition strategy that Clinton's talked about when they were first running for office.
  And that's what they've done.
   Where we're all these little groups and all we know is the ideology of that group instead of We're being hit with injections that cause an 80% on average worldwide miscarriage rate.
  I mean, we should be unified against that and talk about the 22 million dead.
  And I put post on X, I've said, we can talk about the 22 million dead and growing from the poison shots.
  Now they're preparing a new virus, a new rollout, according to all the information we have.
   And I literally get People saying, you're a Muslim liberal communist now because you don't think we should kill everybody in Gaza.
  And then I'll get other people saying, oh, you're trying to distract away from the Zionist crimes because you're talking about the COVID shot.
  Like, what the hell are you talking about?
   I cover it all, but I think even disproportionately, The 37,000 poor dead people in Gaza, in the last six months, that's taken up most our time.
  Whereas millions more are dying every few months from the poison shots and from the aftermath, we should be focused on that the majority of the time and Big Pharma and the Defense Department behind the COVID rollout of the shots and all of it and how they injected our troops with this poison.
  I mean, that's the big elephant in the room.
   And going after the people, They're the heads of these companies, whoever they are!
  They can be Catholic, Protestant, Jewish, Muslim, I don't care!
  They need to be prosecuted!
  Fauci, all of them, gain of function!
  Borla!
  They need to be under the prison!
  I look at things and say, what's the most dangerous thing?
  What's the biggest rollout?
  What's their greatest control?
  The AI, the Internet of Things, the cashless society, the market of the beast system, the central bank digital currencies, that's the grid!
  It goes beyond what color you are, where you live.
  It's going everywhere and it's anti-human.
  We'll come back.
  I'll play the Siamese Fighting Fish Club.
  Then we'll get into the big AI news.
  It's so massive.
  At the start of the next hour, or six after, we'll get to it.
  Please remember, I can't operate without your support.
  We have amazing products you already need.
  InfoWarsStore.com has fabulous products like Nitric Boost that's back in stock that cleans out your blood, cleans out your cardiovascular system.
  Dr. Minkiewicz has said it's the number one thing you should be taking to mitigate all the stuff going on.
  Men, women, children, you all need it.
  Nitric Boost, back in stock.
  InfoWarsStore.com for 40% off.
  Ultimate fish oil.
  It's the highest grade of fish oil there is.
  So good for your whole body.
  So good for your brain.
  So good for your mood.
  So good for your focus.
  So good for your immune system.
  So good for your heart.
  So good for your cardiovascular.
  Ultimate fish oil, 40% off.
  It's all at InfoWarsStore.com or 888-253-3139.
  888-253-3139.
  Get a t-shirt, get a book, get a film while you're there.
  Get great water filtration, 10% off all the high quality storable food.
  The very best lowest prices, 10% off right now.
  InfoWars Store, that's a big deal.
  There's not much markup in the foods, like 30, 40%.
  So 10% off's huge.
   InfoWarsStore.com with storable food, water filtration, air filtration,
   and everything from the great folks at MyPatreon, Supply, and Ready Hour.
  InfoWarsStore.com, hour number two, straight ahead.
  Please stay with us.
   Ultimate fish oil is not just a supplement, but a statement.
  Morning.
   Not only can Ultimate Fish Oil from InfoWarsStore.com help your heart, mind, and joints,
  but it keeps InfoWars on the air.
  Morning.
  Your heart is the engine of your life and Ultimate Fish Oil is the premium fuel it craves.
  Ultimate Fish Oil is your cognitive clarity captain.
  The DHA in this formula is a foundational stone for brain health.
  Ultimate fish oil is your joint health general.
  The soothing reduction in inflammation ensures you'll feel invincible in the InfoWar.
  InfoWars has never wavered from its mission, and with Ultimate Fish Oil, neither will you.
  Step up to the plate, nourish your body, and nourish the fight for a future where the New World Order is defeated.
  Get it now at InfoWars4.com.
  We take some brain force, and then we'll do this commercial.
  How about that?
  Mmm, I can think again.
  This is the liquid tincture version of Brain Force which means you can really tailor it to exactly what you need.
  I tend to take maybe a little bit more than is directed but it's incredibly powerful stuff and I have an incredibly demanding job but you make it easy by going to InfoWarsStore.com and of course InfoWarsStore.com makes it easy by supplying me with Brain Force Ultra.
   I rely on this product to do my job on a daily basis because it's absolutely jam-packed with incredible ingredients BrainForce Ultra is now back in stock at InfoWarsStore.com and get it now because this stuff sells out fast for very good reason.
  It's a fantastic supplement.
  It's the type of supplement that once you start taking it, well, you're going to notice if you stop.
  Go check out what's in BrainForce Ultra.
  Do your own research and what you'll find is that this is a powerhouse formula for incredible mental clarity, focus, and energy.
  Now on sale at InfoWarsStore.com.
  BrainForce Ultra is now on sale at InfoWarsStore.com.
  There's so much incredible news.
  The UN has officially launched a central bank digital currency, WorldID, for illegal aliens.
  And the migrants, as they call them, they are now directing them via their smartphones worldwide.
  That story is up on InfoWars.com.
  Smartphones being used with CBDC systems to direct illegal aliens as an army.
  I posted that on X.
  Early this morning, so you guys can find it there.
  I didn't see it in my stack.
  Please print it and give it to me.
  I say this is a military command and control system, is the tweet, so that you can get it.
  It's one of the articles I forgot to print off.
  WEF report urges public-private partnerships and CBDCs and digital ID.
  Non-citizens receiving voter registration forms in South Carolina.
  State report.
  Breaking Democrats' battle plan is still 2024 election.
  Leaked.
  That is some of what is coming up.
  But UN tracking and controlling refugees, cash and aid refugees via digital IDs.
  So it's all UN run, ladies and gentlemen.
  That is coming up.
  But I mentioned earlier how people can say, well, wait, you have a video exposing the communists in Soros funding the pro-Palestinian protesters that you say are bad people.
  I mean, their overall aim is a communist overthrow.
  They say that.
  They're just using this as an excuse.
  And then you're also criticizing Israel.
  You can't figure that out?
  People that can't figure it out, you can't figure that out?
  It's a dialectic.
  It's the globalists funding all the sides to create the crisis.
  It's the same way for really 60, 70 years since we've been a...
  You know, large part non-white.
  Before that, they would have different gangs of white people.
  The Irish would be over here, and the WASP over here, and they'd put the other group over here, the Italians.
  But now it's Hispanic, black, and white are all separated in the prisons, and there's a big Asian population.
  There's four groups.
  And the warden has gang members that are in charge of each group that keep them in line.
  And that's how the warden controls it.
  That's how they're controlling us.
  And so I'm saying the globalists are the warden creating the clash of civilizations, the balkanization to control us.
  And I keep trying to explain it.
  That's central to understand how this post-human thing works, where we're all busy killing each other while the AI takes over.
  Okay?
  Comprende?
  So, let's play the clip from Russia with Love that explains this.
  Siamese fighting fish.
  Fascinating creatures.
  Brave, but on the whole stupid.
  Yes, they're stupid.
  Except for the occasional one such as we have here, who lets the other two fight.
  And he waits.
   Waits until the survivor is so exhausted that he cannot defend himself.
   *laughs* And then, like Spectre, he strikes.
  I find the parallel amusing.
  Our organization did not arrange for you to come over from the Russians just for amusement, Number 3.
  Come in, Grunstein.
  Sit down, Number 3, while we listen to what Number 5 has devised for us.
  I hope Grunstein's efforts as Director of Planning will continue to be as successful as his chess.
  They will be.
  According to your instructions, I've planned for Spectre to steal from the Russians their new lector decoding machine.
  For this, we need the services of a female member of the Russian cryptographic section in Turkey, and the help of the British Secret Service.
  Naturally, neither the Russians nor the British will be aware that they are now working for us.
  Number 3, is your section ready to carry out Kronstein's directives?
  Yes, Number 1.
  The operation will be organized according to Kronstein's plan.
  I have selected a suitable girl from the Russian consulate in Istanbul.
  She's capable, cooperative, and her loyal... We'll be right back, stay with us.
  So the WF, the globalists, they've all said that they use COVID to train you to be locked in your house and have an internet ID, vaccine passport that is the training wheels for the global ID and the central bank digital currency and the social credit score that comes with that.
  It's being rolled out in Europe, it's being rolled out in Canada, it's being rolled out, it's been rolled out in China, it's being rolled out in New Zealand, Australia, and now the Federal Reserve said last year they're gonna try to roll it out in 2025 next year.
  There's another report that just went live on InfoWars.com.
  There's a video, this is coming up.
  Central Banker tells WEF that COVID helps with the transition into a cashless society.
  So the criminals openly tell you what they are doing in your face.
  And I was telling people decades ago, because this was in the Globalist on Admissions, that we're going to have the Internet of Things.
  And that whether it was a toy you bought for your kid, a $20 drone, or whether it was a refrigerator, remember the CIA director said your dishwasher will be watching you 15 years ago.
  Or your car, your so-called smartphone that's the hub of all this, that it doesn't just surveil and track you, it games what you do and sells your data to then corporations and others that use AI to take over the economy in a non-free market way and to shut down their competition.
  There's trillions of ways this is aggregated together to be done.
   And so people with their so-called smart cars That they bought five, ten years ago even, are going in to have the engine worked on and all of a sudden there's a software update.
  Or it just happens without them even asking.
  And you say no to a software update on your phone or computer or TV over and over again, they just do it finally.
  And so there's a software update and you actually go read it, and it says, um, the government is in control of your car, they're gonna start not letting you use it at certain times, and they'll tell you where you can go.
   This is all about the 15-minute cities, it's all about the geofencing Where your phone won't work at a concert, they won't need to turn it off or make you put it in a bag and get it at the end.
  For a comedy show, like Dave Chappelle does, it's super annoying.
  They'll just turn your phone off when you're there, and corporations will then log into the system and do it.
  So it's the technological elite breaking away from civilization and gaming society to vertically integrate wealth, to monopolize everything, to then not build some new innovation, but to then cut off resources and end the human era.
  We're talking about the post-human era.
  And this is what it's all about.
  This is what the globalists are pushing.
  And that's why it's so important to understand what they have.
  It's all fighting with each other, different gangs and groups.
  It's very real because the groups are attacking each other.
  But above that is the larger manipulation.
  So we're going to premiere this report right now.
  I haven't even really given this report a title yet.
  I shot it before the show today.
  Uh, but I'm going to think of a title for it here in a moment.
  It's very important and we're going to post it on X so you can share it.
  And then I'm going to come back and we're going to hit a bunch of other news that ties into this, like the announcements for the WEF on, oh yeah, COVID was training wheels for total tyranny and the Castle Society, Mark of the Beast.
  And then we're going to start simulcasting in about 23 minutes from now.
  Exactly 23 minutes from now on X with a Spaces event on X dealing with the CIA coup against America and the beyond bombshell really seismic information that's gonna be breaking at 5 p.m.
  Eastern today when I am a guest visitor host co-host with James O'Keefe on X Spaces as well.
  So here is the report on AI controlling your cars, your phone, telling you where you can go and what you can do.
  Ladies and gentlemen, there has been a 30-year global project of private banks and governments working with big tech to wire every device on earth into an AI system that's used to control the world population through central bank digital currencies and a universal basic credit score that penalizes you for your political and religious beliefs or simply the lifestyle you lead.
  And now the public has begun to awaken to the fact that when they go update their phones or update their smart cars, they're being told that the government and corporations are tracking you, controlling you, and will decide when and where you can go in your car.
  Ladies and gentlemen, this is beyond dangerous.
  We're about to break it down right now.
  While other networks lie to you about what's happening now, InfoWars tells you the truth about what's happening next.
  I've been warning you for decades about this.
  But that was when this was all in beta testing mode.
  Now it's going operational.
  People all over the world are noticing that the meters in their house and the controls for their air conditioning and heating are being remotely controlled by smart meters on the side of their house.
  And people are getting messages that, hey, we're turning off your air conditioning or your heat or we're controlling the temperature because we're in a peak time right now and there's not enough energy.
  Which is why Tony Tallarico tried to crank up the A.C.
  I mean it was 90 out and it was right during the peak period.
  That's when he found out he had no control of his thermostat.
  A message from Accel on his thermostat saying temperature locked during an energy emergency.
  Now, the UN, the WF, they've all admitted for years that under the new carbon austerity, they're going to cut the energy supply where there's not enough energy and train you to be rationed.
  But it's way worse than just the smart meters.
  All of the cars in the Western world, from Australia to the United States, the governments have passed the same laws.
  They passed it last year here in the U.S., Biden did.
  It was his bill he supported.
  Where trackers are in your cars that are also kill switches that control everywhere you go and what you do and can turn your car off or tell you where you can go in your car with geofencing, just like drones can't fly.
  I'm going to talk to you about a smart feature called geofencing, which makes driving in low emission zone even easier.
  When your vehicle enters a control area, such as a low emission zone, the system will automatically switch to all electric drive mode.
  Vehicle tracking features of Suzuki Connect.
  First off, with the live vehicle tracking features, you can get real-time updates on your car's precise location.
  It helps you to clearly follow or see where your car is at all times when it's moving.
  What's even more interesting is you can also define a particular area through the geo-fencing function, and if your car crosses a defined border or area, you'll get an alert on your phone.
  And now in Germany they've announced this summer they plan on banning people using their cars during the weekends to cut carbon and to follow the UN treaty.
   I'm going to show you an example of one man who shows you the computer terminal on his smart car where he went Took it in to get it serviced and then he was given the
   update that now they may turn his car off or decide where He can go when he can go ladies and gentlemen. This is a
   technocracy a form of government or a ruling bureaucratic system via government and big tech
   Through all of these computers that are embedded in every appliance you name it
   Control and track where you go and what you do and it's all integrated into your social credit score
  China's about five years ahead of the West.
   Ladies and gentlemen, It's not technology itself that is bad.
  It's that all the technology, including the smartphone in your pocket, has been deployed to track you, to censor you, to control you.
  And they're now setting up geofencing systems where they can hit one button and turn off a whole city cell phones or only select groups phones where your phone won't work.
  Or it won't shoot video, or it simply turns off when you go into certain areas.
  They've been testing this for decades, but now it's all rolling out.
  It broke in Congress last week, what I told you a decade ago.
  The IRS is using AI to track all your financial purchases that are digital and to track your bank accounts.
  So this was something that was discovered by an undercover journalist and what they found is that the IRS has claimed that they have access to every single person's bank account.
  This person also indicated that they've been working with the Department of Justice and that they have absolutely no problem whatsoever going after the little guy to make sure that they are paying their taxes.
  And some will say, oh, nothing to hide.
  I don't care.
  No, it is a predatory system using this for the top corporations that gather all this data through their operations and through government to integrate it into AI systems to game the economy and vertically integrate the system.
  I'm not against driverless cars.
  I'm not against all the technology, but it's being deployed day one to remove humans out of the power equation with a global digital dictatorship.
  Here's one example.
   Government's remote control of car use installed on my car with no informed consent.
   I bought a Hyundai Kona EV 18 months ago, 71 plate, from a dealer.
   The car went in for a maps upgrade and came back as a write-off for me.
   They took the opportunity to upgrade the Blue Link Linfotainment software.
   And when I started it up, I was presented with a new screen saying terms and conditions
  changed.
   I was bored that day, so I flipped down a few pages and was about to jump out when I
   read it was now equipped with geo-fencing and geo-timing capabilities.
  We're talking about anything with an SOS button.
   is a 2016. They can set range limits and time limits remotely. Terms say it's not
   used without consent unless required by law. The last sentence voids the whole thing.
   I want to be a hundred percent clear this is an official plan by the major
   corporations the planet connected to BlackRock and several private
   privately owned central banks to deploy this system to control all behavior on earth to
   then be able to incrementally cut off resources to force depopulation.
  This is feudalism on steroids and it's happening now.
   And it's very important to note that members of parliament in Europe and members of our
   Congress in the United States are so technically ignorant themselves, they still don't even
   understand the fact that for decades all cell phones are tracked in live time and the heads
   of big tech have even lied to them in Congress because it's like someone from the future
  talking to a caveman.
  They are so easy to fool and control.
   It is the intelligence agencies, big tech and the larger corporations that have deployed
   this system and the governments themselves have become ceremonial and vestigial.
   We have to take back control of our lives, we have to take back control of technology
   and we have to do everything we can with legislation and lawsuits to have these illegal tracking
  systems and control systems removed.
   At the same time have mitigating systems where we have older automobiles and other systems
  that don't have all of this tech wired into them.
   So we can fight it at the grassroots by not complying or having the software wiped off
  your quote smart device or smartphone or smart car.
   But more important than that is simply legislatively banning this garbage because it's beyond Big
   Brother and it's absolute tyranny and it's been rolled out to again game and control
   and manipulate civilization towards a very evil end of the globalist endgame.
  The model for internet censorship is going to be phased in Chinese style net censorship.
  Net IDs, net taxes, three strikes and you're out net rules.
  But before they get to that, they're going to phase in.
  It started, starts this next year, just 10 days or so or less, I guess nine days in China.
  And they're already lining up with Facebook, Google, all of them agreeing with China.
  Microsoft to implement these systems where China already does it and then they beta test there and then bring it here.
   Everything you do in China from your credit score to what you buy, to discount cards, to your internet records, to what you say on social networks is integrated into an algorithm and if you criticize the government basically once You can't even buy or sell, you can't get a hotel, you can't travel.
   Now I knew this was coming, but to see it actually happen is so bold, is so over the
  top that I get why people just can't believe it.
  AIKU now taking over every device, every digital device for total control.
  That's the headline.
  It's going up on X the next few minutes.
  I hope you'll share it from Alex Jones.
  I want to get more into this ahead of launching a simulcast of the syndicated radio TV show that you're watching right now, the Alex Jones Show on X Spaces.
  Spaces on X. So that is coming up here in about 13 minutes.
  We'll launch that right at 33 after when we start the second half of the broadcast that I'm hosting.
  We have a guest host coming up doing a great job at 2 o'clock Central.
  And then as I said, I'll be on with James O'Keefe 5 p.m.
  Eastern, 4 p.m.
  Central, 3 p.m.
  Mountain, 2 p.m.
  Pacific with a story they'll just hope disappears.
  But if it gets big legs, which I believe it will, because President Trump has seen it and knows about it and was briefed this morning in New York for his latest show trial event, James O'Keefe, this is absolutely powerful.
  And they need to call these people into Congress.
  They need to call the other CIA guy admitting and attacking me.
  We've got them, but there's so much intimidation of the CIA against Congress, and that news has been coming out, that's why they're afraid.
  Well, you ought to be afraid of them killing 22 million people with a poison shot they cooked up.
  I mean, they're not going to stop.
  At a certain point, you just got to say, screw it, do whatever you're going to do.
  I mean, I don't know how this is going to end, but if you want to fight, you better believe you got one.
  You guys are villains, and I'm not going to be part of it by just sitting here on my ass and acting like I don't know what's going on.
  So, and neither is O'Keefe.
  And I would just say, please pray for James O'Keefe, and please support him and his O'Keefe Media Group.
  All right.
   Also, InfoWars could be shut down within a matter of months.
  And there's a lot of fluid things happening behind the scenes.
  There's a good chance we'll continue on.
  But I am not allowed to get into mediations and meetings and things that have happened in sealed court hearings yet.
  And you know, I've agreed to that.
  That's how mediations work.
  But I'll just tell you this.
  Nobody's going to control what I say and do.
   So, If that's the case, InfoWars is going away.
  Now they won't stop me, I'll be right back on air.
  And I'll try to hire back the crew or get people that I'll be working for to do that.
  But I'd say 50% chance InfoWars is shut down in two months.
  Alright?
  And I've always told you I'll be honest with you about that.
  Now, if you order products now at InfoWars, you will get them.
  They're all in stock.
  They ship within days, usually the same day.
  And I need you to support InfoWars, because there's a good chance we're going to survive.
  And so we pull the plug early.
  We won't have the money to continue on.
  And we're right there at the level of, you know, not having enough funds.
  And these are really amazing products.
  Absolutely amazing products at InfoWarsStore.com.
  We have the ultimate fish oil back in stock.
  Highest grade of fish oil.
  Doctors all prescribe it, even.
  It's just known to be amazing.
  You get a high grade fish oil, highest grade there is, at a great price, and it funds the operation.
  It's 40% off.
  InfoWarsTore.com.
  And then Nitric Boost.
  Everybody should be taking Nitric Boost.
  I take one capsule a day, and it just does so much to my stamina, my energy, and quite frankly, my libido.
  Everything it does cleans out your blood.
  It's something everybody should be on.
  I knew it was a great product.
  We never really promoted it, though it came out three years ago.
  And then it just became super popular.
  It's like our second bestseller now because it works so well.
  And men immediately, you know, discover, almost all men, even if you don't have an issue in the male department, you notice, wow, this, you know, I haven't had a heart on that hurts since I was, you know, 20.
   Well, If I take two nitric boosts, then you have the... We're adults here, folks.
  I'm being serious.
  This isn't a joke, okay?
  People are always talking about... Come on.
  Just look at what it does to the rest of your body.
  Painful erections, okay?
  So, I only take one.
  And that's not what it's even designed for, but that's what it does to your cardiovascular system.
  Does that give you a little idea how powerful it is?
  That's not what it's designed for, it's not what we sell it for, it's just, it's just, it's very real.
  40% off, back in stock, InfoWarsStore.com or 888-253-3139.
  And then separately, whatever happens to InfoWars, my dad thought we'd be shut down two years ago.
  He already set up our supplement company 12 years ago.
  He said, I'm setting up a new warehouse, new company.
  I'm going to go over here and do this to support you.
  I said, Dad, I don't want you to do that.
  In fact, he didn't even tell me he went and did it.
  And I learned he had a warehouse six months after he had it.
  In North Austin, or technically Round Rock, suburb of North Austin.
  So he's got a great crew, great shipping department, great people.
  There's nobody better than David Jones.
  I mean, he's just amazing.
  And he's there.
  I just, he's, I never ask dad for help.
  You just can't, just, he's always there right when you need him, you know?
  And he's a great sponsor of Free Speech Systems, great sponsor of this operation.
  But regardless, that's something separate from all this.
  It's very important to mark down the name drjonesnaturals.com, drjonesnaturals.com.
  And to go there and just get incredible products.
  All the Nano Silver products are no longer available in the InfoWars store.
  They're all available there.
  The Nano Silver Toothpaste Super Blue with all the other great ingredients.
  It's concentrated.
  It's the best toothpaste.
  It lasts twice or three times as long depending on how much paste you use.
  Tiny little dots.
  Works great.
  Uh, it does amazing things for your whole body.
  It's got iodine in it, tea tree oil, organic peppermint, all that stuff.
  And then there's the Swish and Swallow Immune Gargle, and there's the Wound Gel that's so incredible, with the nano-silver.
  And there's the Rocket Rest, incredibly strong, great sleep aid.
  There's not like anything out there.
  And there are just so many other great products.
  Top Brain, is there, Nootropic, my dad.
  With a guy that actually develops the supplements for Whole Foods.
  I'll just stop right there.
  He said, my dad went out and found, this guy's like a triple chemist degree.
  And he went and got them and these are just incredible supplements.
  And he said, this is better than the top of the line thing, Whole Foods sells.
  He designed that for him.
  Top brains there.
  So it's all at drjonesnaturals.com.
  DrJonesNaturals.com and really the big one is the methylfolate with the B-complex that is the breakdown of folic acid.
  It's not a stimulant, but it feels like one with no letdown.
  Next level foundational energy at DrJonesNaturals.com.
  So if you want to support us as we fire the bat signal here, plus get amazing products, go to DrJonesNaturals.com.
  All right.
  I just talked about the whole AI situation and the rest of it.
  Here is a clip of the World Economic Forum Special Meeting on Global Collaboration, Growth on Energy Development, Sunday Central Bank, Bahrain, the Governor of Bahrain's Central Bank, Khalid Humeidan, and the Open Forum.
  Here's what he says about COVID being the training wheels for the Cash Flow Society journey.
  Right now is many of our payments are digital.
  The truth is, I said that we're in a hybrid model.
  There's less and less use of cash.
   And I think that from predominantly digital with a little Physical.
  I think the transition to fully digital is not going to be a stretch.
  People are used to it.
  People have engaged in it.
  And circumstances did help.
  Adoption rates increased because of COVID.
  This is where contacts started to become something of a necessity, something of a safety, something of a requirement.
  And because of that, there is very little resistance.
  Trust is already there.
  We just need to build it in a way that makes sure that we safeguard the risks.
  Cybersecurity risk is a must and it needs to be dealt with at the national level.
  To counter cybersecurity risk, you need to continue to invest, you need to continue to collaborate, and you need to continue to train.
  With those three things, we've done it in the past, I think we should be able to manage these risks.
  If we think cash is the analog and digital currency is the form of digital, CBDC is the digital form of cash, today clearly we're in a hybrid situation.
  We're using both.
   And we know in the past when it comes to cash, central bankers, We're very much in control with all aspects of cash, and now we're comfortable to the point where the private sector plays a big role in the printing of the cash, in distribution of the cash, and with the private sector, we use interest rates to manage the supply of cash.
  The same thing is likely to happen with CBDC.
  Yes, the central bank will have a role, but at some point in time, the same way we don't call it central bank cash, we're probably going to stop calling it central bank digital cash.
  The enemies of humanity have been very good at dividing and conquering us.
  But if we simply start thinking about things according to the definition of, is it pro-human or is it anti-human, we start to win.
  And that's why I had the idea for Team Humanity.
  I brought it up to Elon Musk.
  He loved the idea.
  What would you call the debates and discussions about a pro-human future?
  Just Team Humanity?
  Yeah, Team Humanity.
  Absolutely.
  And so we have the t-shirt.
  Team Humanity with a nuclear family standing against the globalists.
  This shirt is a great conversation starter, but it also is a fundraiser to keep InfoWars on the air so we can promote and support Team Humanity.
  I want to thank you all for your past support but I want to encourage you all now to understand that this is a revolution against the globalists and it is so critical now to signal the fact that you are part of Team Humanity.
  We're told humans are the problem.
  We're told we're killing the earth.
  We're told all this garbage so we hate ourselves and stand down and roll over and die.
  We're not going to do that.
  Get your Team Humanity shirts now at InfoWarsStore.com and I thank you all for your support.
  Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the middle of the broadcast and we're simulcasting the second half on the mighty X-Spaces.
  Chase Geyser is the maestro here in control of that simulcasting.
  We are one of the first major shows to simulcast X going back months ago on a syndicated radio TV transmission.
  I'll be co-hosting or joining as a guest with James O'Keefe at 5 p.m.
  Eastern, 4 p.m.
  Central.
  Today with what is the biggest James O'Keefe coup ever and it doesn't like barely beat all his other massive successes.
  This is ultra massive a CI coup confirmed against America and against President Trump.
  He met with President Trump this morning.
  That's exclusive information.
  James said I can say basically whatever I want.
  Just don't give away the full report.
  He'll be posting that at 5 p.m.
   Eastern on the O'Keefe Media Group on X and then hosting a Spaces.
  I will be there.
  I think Chase will be there as well.
  Owen will obviously be live on air.
  He'll be having the report as it breaks at again 4 p.m.
  Central, 5 p.m.
  Eastern.
  And so this space is, tell us the headline for this space is Chase Geyser.
  This is called James O'Keefe Exposes CIA Coup Against America, Alex Jones and Speakers.
  So we are going to be taking speakers as well.
  We know several people have been listening, hundreds of people have been listening for the last few minutes or so as we populate this space.
  So if you want to speak, go ahead and request throughout the show and we'll get to you.
  And I would just ask everybody that's joining us on the spaces, everybody watching us on the streams on X, to take this and repost it, retweet it on X, send it to your email, your text message says, hey, a CIA coup against America has been discovered.
  Biggest story ever.
  In the last decades, I mean, we know there was a CIA coup against Nixon, but we didn't find out for 20, 30 years.
  This is being exposed now in live time, and the globalists are losing, we're winning, there's an illegal coup over our country, and the same CIA is keeping Bolsonaro out of power in Brazil, and trying to go after Bukele in El Salvador.
   This is a criminal group that has hijacked the country, and they Repealed the law during Obama's second term for the CIA to engage in domestic propaganda.
  But it's still illegal for them to engage American citizens, but they're doing it.
  And so we've seen the documents come out.
   And if you go back when Trump first got elected, I said, the CIA is spying on Trump and running a coup
   and CNN said he's crazy, but we knew, and we had the evidence and I was given documents
   by Sheriff Arpaio, so they indicted him because even the DEA is allowed into the NSA database.
   And in the NSA database was my name, President Trump's name.
   And I knew it was real because they had a phone line that I never use in my house, in my office,
   that occasionally I do a radio interview, but it's just there, no one knows the number.
  They had that number and that was wiretapped as well.
   Not just my current cell phone at the time and my last cell phone were on the list.
  And Arpaio--
  Never served a warrant or anything like that.
   No, it was hundreds of names that the DEA gave Arpaio, he's a former high level DEA, he's the head of Mexico,
   the DEA, he was a famous guy back in the whole war and the DEA getting pissed off and standing up
  for themselves and killing all those people.
   But the gang members, you know, That's in the whole Marcos final season.
  That's really our pile.
  But the point is, is that the DEA's pissed, they're like, what's Trump and Alex Jones on this list?
  And it was, and Bongino a few months ago released another list he got from the CIA that was a more updated one.
  We know this is going on, folks, but they don't just spy on you.
  They pay people to go lie about you to newspapers.
  They didn't know this happened six years ago, even before the deplatforming, but people recorded it in a lawyer meeting, one of Hillary Clinton's lawyers in LA.
  With these former employees and they said, okay, great, Alex, you know, did this and that, which I didn't do things they said, but we want is him gay.
  We figure if he's gay, that'll turn his audience.
  So, so can we give you money to say he's gay?
  And the guy goes, sure, I'll take, what do you mean?
  Well, 20 grand.
  Well, he never hit on me, but I, it was subliminal.
  Alex is gay.
  So, so imagine this is what they're cooking up.
  This is what they're doing.
   And then I was later, you know, With folks that were sharing this, recorded it.
  So that's the kind of stuff I know, folks.
  That's just a tiny window.
  It's not about me.
  You saw the stuff that broke a month ago where the CIA, former FBI, was admitting all this.
  This is the coup against America inside the White House against you.
  So it's not just O'Keefe outside the CIA.
  This is O'Keefe with whistleblowers inside the CIA breaking in 4 hours and 22 minutes.
  Have you noticed the recent attacks against O'Keefe in the last couple of weeks too on X?
  The man needs a wheelbarrow to carry his testicles.
  Yeah.
  Yeah, but there's videos that have leaked that were not really revealing anything of him at a bar with a woman.
  You know, they're trying to like... It's a woman hunching on him.
  Yes.
  And she's attractive and he, you know, jokes and says, are you sure you can handle it?
  I got a big one.
  I mean, big deal.
  I mean, it's like to give the man a medal.
  I liked him more after I saw the video, to be honest with you.
  He's a little too good when he does the gay thing.
  Yeah.
  So, so yeah, he's a great actor.
  I mean, that's what he wanted to be was he's a thespian, you know?
  Have you seen his musicals he does?
  I haven't seen him, but I heard about him.
  That guy could be a star on Broadway.
  He's a good looking guy.
  He's very talented.
  But the thing is, he's got courage.
  Yes.
  Well, in that video that went viral weeks ago of him saying, the price has to be your life.
  Because if it's anything less than your life, then they'll find a way to bribe you out of doing this type of reporting and telling the truth.
  Well, when I was on Spaces with him about a month ago, I just said, I'm fighting for my life.
  He said, so am I. Yeah.
  I mean, that's what this is.
  So, yeah, we've got the fighting Irish there, definitely.
  Yeah.
  So, this is coming out in four and a half hours or less.
  And so four hours, 20 minutes from now.
  And so we're going to be covering and I'll be on the show with him.
  But I can tell you he told me like at 6 a.m.
  I'm going to see this video.
  And then I didn't get it till about 45 minutes for the show.
  And I'm usually totally focused on the broadcast for that.
  But I'm like in my office watching this and I'm just like, oh, my God.
  I mean, this is I was thinking about how much danger he's in.
  I was thinking about we had to make sure this goes really viral.
  I mean, this is crazy.
  I can't wait to see it.
  Is there anything else you can disclose about it?
  Obviously, it's his story and we don't want to beat him to the punch with it, but is it anything you didn't already know?
  Where's my cell phone?
  Did it fall on the ground or something?
  Oh, we'll find it.
  It doesn't matter.
  Oh, here it is.
  It's all right here.
  It's a long report, too.
  Is it anything you didn't already know?
  It just confirms what we knew and it shows the arrogance.
  Because you're right, this has all come out, but people don't care if documents come out or there's admissions.
  It's like when you see them bragging.
  Right.
  That's what's really powerful.
  But yeah, this is a big deal because this is a coup against our country.
  This is an absolute coup against our country.
  And I want to be able to say more, but I'm just going to leave it until he breaks it at 5 p.m.
  Eastern.
  Sure.
  One of the things that's crazy to me that I've noticed, everybody used to criticize Roger Stone for having the Nixon tattoo right below his neck on his back.
It's funny because after this Tucker video that was released from the Joe Rogan interview as well as just some other posts and in context that I've seen around the Nixon thing, it really is... It was a total coup! 
  Nixon was the second most popular president in the history of George Washington.
  He won by like 70 plus percent of the vote.
  That's unheard of.
  People loved him.
  Yeah.
  And then notice right when they got rid of him the economy plunged because he was like for America.
  Right.
  And he was a tough guy and nasty as hell but he was for America.
  Wow, amazing stuff.
  Well, I mean, even Roger Stone, when I interviewed him years ago, he said that the worst mistake that Nixon made was pulling us off of the gold standard.
  But other than that, I mean, he might not have even had a choice because we'd depleted all the, we'd been printing beyond our gold capacity to fund Vietnam.
   But other than that, the Watergate thing is so vanilla compared to Compared to what happened with Towergate, with the Russia collusion stuff, other things like that.
  I mean, his crimes don't even seem like crimes to me anymore compared to what we've seen from the Clintons and the Obamas and the Bidens.
  They didn't like Nixon because he worked 18 hours a day and would outthink them.
  Yeah.
  And the CIA and the bureaucrats wanted to be president.
  They wanted to have puppets.
  So it's like Naval Intelligence.
  Bob Woodward was sent in to do it all.
  Yeah, well it makes sense.
  And he just sort of bowed out and resigned.
  I'm surprised he didn't fight back given his character.
  Well, back then people weren't awake and he knew the media was totally controlled and they made a deal.
  Wow.
  And I know the inside baseball, they were going to expose other stuff.
  He wasn't gay, let's put it that way, but he did have a mistress.
  So they were going to expose her.
  Stuff like that.
  All right, you're learning more, aren't you folks?
  It's the InfoWars, tomorrow's news today.
  We'll be right back.
  The quickening is here.
  This is the Alex Jones Show, simulcast now on SpacesX.
  And co-hosting with me is Chase Geyser.
  All right, I don't want to keep people waiting.
  I'm going to skip both the network breaks next hour.
  People ask why we have breaks.
  We're on 300 plus radio stations, a lot of TV stations.
  We can skip our network breaks for our network sponsors, then they just drop us.
  But we have the local breaks for the local states.
  That's why you watch an NFL game and you see local ads one break and then national ads the next.
  Well, we're skipping the network breaks.
  And so the local breaks are running for locals.
  You still see our network breaks in their place, but that's what we're doing.
  So, like six, seven minutes of ads next hour.
  That's how we weren't deplatformed when they took me off everything five, six years ago.
  We still had hundreds of radio stations.
  That's how we survived.
  Now we're back on X, exploding there.
  Thanks to Elon Musk.
  But this is a big deal.
  So Elon's talked about the digital coup, the deep state.
  He's taken them on.
  They're criminally going after him and the EU, the US government with all sorts of criminal investigations and the Brazilian government.
  I know in my heart, because Elon's always all over everything, but make sure we get it to him.
  Make sure everybody pushes it, you know, at him.
  This O'Keefe thing breaking today, I've kind of read you in on what some of it is.
  This is a big deal.
  It confirms everything we already knew, but more.
  Yeah, it's one thing after another.
  The question is whether or not anything's going to become of it, because one of the things that's been most disheartening to me over the last 10 years is Edward Stone came out with all this stuff about how bad the Patriot Act was, and we didn't really see a lot of recourse against the government.
  We saw them chase Edward Stone all over the world to the point where he had to declare asylum in Moscow of all places, not notorious for being the sanctuary for freedom of speech of the press.
  But we didn't see a lot of pushback against our government.
  Same thing with MKUltra.
  Oh, they maybe shut it down.
  So at what point and by what mechanism can we actually get a populist response to this corruption, Alex, so that we can solve these problems rather than just be aware of them?
  Absolutely.
  But again, it takes time to build a movement.
  The awakening's here.
  I'm not being overly positive, but I'm not going to be overly negative.
  It's leaning towards us winning, but only like 55%.
  So it's not a huge margin of victory, but we have the initiative.
  You know, the tide is on our side right now.
  And what Snowden exposed, that they were spying on everybody in live time, that's now all admitted.
  This is a coup against America, against MAGA, against Trump, by the CIA admitting it.
  That's what this is.
  And how they did it.
   So this is perfect for Congress to then subpoena all these people and their bosses and Pompeo And drag them all in.
  And we already know by reverse engineering, everything that's in this video is already true.
  And it's all come out.
  But documents and things are one thing.
  Having the admissions on video is totally other.
  And I'm not going to get to any more of it there, but that's what's coming up.
  Let's start getting to these folks on Spaces.
  All right, let's start out with Nick Sordo.
  Nick, go ahead and unmute yourself and say what you have to say.
  I don't have a lot to say just yet, but I know I'll be on that space later with you and James O'Keefe.
  And I'm telling you, man, what's been happening with James O'Keefe over the past week.
  I know, Alex, you were mentioning this just a couple of minutes ago.
  Honestly, it kind of sketched me out.
  It was like everybody was after him all of a sudden.
  These videos from years ago, the one that you were mentioning from a bar, all of a sudden coming out.
  And it's like, it's why?
  What do you believe sparked that?
  Did they know that this was coming?
  Did they know that he was doing some sort of undercover operation at the CIA?
  Nick, that's why I love doing Spaces with you.
  And by the way, you co-host and produce the biggest Spaces with Mariana Fall.
  We should have.
  We have the king of Spaces producer here.
  It reaches as many people now as Joe Rogan does.
  I mean, it has exploded.
  So congratulations on that.
  That's why I love it.
  You just asked the $60 trillion question.
  Why suddenly, everywhere, all these former CIA people that are patriots, that are on the line now, and others, not the current speaker, but some others, they're all, oh, James O'Keefe's not good, he's not real, he's discredited.
  Yes, they're surveilling him.
  They're listening, they're watching, they have human intelligence, active people following him.
  They know he was about to break this.
  And so that's why you, in the last seven days, see them hitting him with everything they've got.
  Because they know he's about to drop the Moab on their ass.
  Go ahead.
  No, absolutely.
  When I've worked with him, James O'Keefe, we worked out on Maui together on issues out there.
  I know he ran into problems with people following him.
  Hell, I was even followed when I was out there.
  And I don't know, at some point, what sort of lengths will they go to, Alex, to shut people like him up?
   I mean, are we talking about an actual potentially life-or-death situation where you could see them Yes, they didn't want to kill RFK, or JFK, or Martin Luther King, but they got so big, or John Lennon, they had to.
  Even though it turned them into a martyr.
  But now, because of the internet, it makes them even a bigger martyr.
  But they're definitely talking about killing O'Keefe, just like they tried to kill Julian Assange.
  That's been declassified, and they've admitted it's true.
  Pompeo, and others.
  The guy that's about to get exposed, by the way.
  A little sneak peek.
  Absolutely, but instead they'll try to put him in prison and assassinate his name.
  And they're scanning everything he ever said and did.
  Like I don't see any hook.
  The media is covering it.
  The internet doesn't believe it happened.
  I just have a few guests on and say, did it happen?
  Oh, I pissed on graves, attacked families.
  None of that's true.
  They'll try to create these phantoms to get him, but he's been smarter than me.
  And by smarter, I didn't know they were going to catalog everything I said in 30 years and take it out of context.
  So, you know, O'Keefe is just beaming.
  He's got such energy.
  He's so excited.
  Trump is about to hammer this today when it breaks.
  Right when he comes out of court.
  Just a little prediction.
  He's going to come out and blast all this after court today.
  And then they may arrest him.
  The judge says, you talk about it, you're arrested.
  Well, Trump knows he's in the arena.
  Put me in that briar patch, as Briar Rabbit said.
  People don't know the old story.
  Old Southern story.
  Rabbits live in the brush. They live in the briar patch.
  They get caught by the farmer or the bad guy.
   Please don't throw me in the briar patch. They're throwing us in the briar patch. All we've got to do is have courage.
  Nick, go ahead.
   You know, I'll say just one last thing here while some of the other speakers go, but
   when it comes to Trump, you know, they're doing all these things that they can to shut him up.
  How far can they go against him to shut him up?
  Are they running out of rope at this point?
  You know, is the next step that they just have to, and if they were to go to the step to just off him, you know, what does that do to the country?
  Well, what they'll do is if they kill O'Keefe or Trump or Senator Paul, they're really pissed at him for exposing Fauci to gain of function, they'll have a big terror attack, maybe bigger than 9-11 or a bunch of black folks at a college being killed, something like that, as the smoke screen and make it racial.
  And you see them warming up the summer of rage again like they did.
  And their plan in the movie Civil War is a race-based civil war.
  And so yeah, I mean, I think that I think it's a very real possibility.
  And I'm going to tell I've told my wife this and I've told my dad this.
  My family said, just keep going.
  Don't stop my wife, my dad, my mom.
  My family had been briefed on this for months.
  I talked about it, you know, six months ago.
  And they said, son, we're all in.
  Go all the way.
  But yeah, if they kill Trump and they kill O'Keefe, they're going to try to kill Tucker Carlson and try to kill Joe Rogan.
   They will, within a day, kill everybody they know they can't buy and control, who have
  souls.
  You notice as things get worse, Rogan gets more hardcore.
  He's not a sellout.
  That guy's totally real.
  He just couldn't believe it was that bad.
  Now he's completely awake, completely pissed.
  We're good friends.
  I'm going to leave it at that.
  And you notice he's doing a strategic rollout against them.
   So they have such a big problem that I would say they'd probably kill a couple hundred
  people within a day during a coup.
  So you got to be ready for that, folks.
  And so, yeah, we're at that moment right now.
  Everybody should be ready and frosty.
   What's crazy to me is, and this is something I think you've known forever, Alex, but it's
   become more obvious to me as I've become politically involved over the last few years, is how obvious
   it is now that the intelligence community, namely the CIA, FBI too, but namely the CIA,
   how obvious it is that they view our presidential elections as an incredible obstacle and inconvenience,
  right?
   If they were properly run and there was some sort of accountability between this unchecked
   fourth branch of government and the- Or if they were actually pro-America.
  Or they were actually pro-America, they wouldn't have to assassinate presidents like JFK or get presidents like Nixon to resign on threat of impeachment.
  I mean, they have the letter from Strom Thurmond saying, get rid of John Lennon, and they killed him a week later.
  Yeah.
  And there's some bizarre, it's a stretch, but there are some bizarre MKUltra ties to that assassination.
  Oh, it's true.
  Yeah, 100%.
  So yeah, but Nick, you make great points.
  Nick, other points you want to make?
  Yeah, I'll ask you real quick.
  What do you think about the...
  You know, we covered this last night pretty extensively, and I'm sure you saw plenty of news on it as well.
  I'm in Austin as well.
  I've been at UT Austin for over a week now covering the protests and, you know, really riots going on out here.
  But then you see what's going on at Columbia University, CCNY in New York, now Fordham University in New York today.
  Where these people are increasingly unhinged.
  Who do you think has infiltrated these groups at this point?
  Are we talking about, you know, foreign agents?
  Are we talking about, you know, possible, you know, actual terrorists?
  They met Hezbollah and Hamas are running them and Soros is funding them to create the crisis.
   And then now Biden officially announced he's going to ship a million from Gaza in the United States this year. That broke today. So stay
   there, Nick. We got other people, but we got a quick break, two minutes to join some other
   stations. We're going to come back to you. I want you to, cause you guys such good questions,
   man. He's brilliant. And then I promise we're going to get to everybody else. Boom, boom,
   boom. Have your comments ready again, a little short five minute segment, then a one
   minute break. And then we're going to skip the breaks for the next hour.
  InfoWars.com.
  Tomorrow's news today, follow me at RealAlexJones.
  You know, working at InfoWars, you hear a lot of negative things about your place of work.
  One of the things they like to say about our supplements is we're snake oil salesmen.
  Well, folks, it ain't snake oil.
  It's fish oil and it's incredibly good for you.
  Ultimate fish oil is now on sale back in stock at InfoWarsStore.com.
  If you only take one supplement, it's likely that's fish oil.
  It's probably the most popular supplement on earth at this point for a very good reason.
  People realize how good it is for them and this is the best stuff on the market.
   Studies suggest That fish oils and fish oil supplements can slightly lower blood pressure, decrease the growth rate of plaque, and prevent cognitive decline.
  So whether you're a first-time fish oil shopper or whether you're somebody who has taken fish oil for a while and is looking for the best quality available, go to InfoWarsStore.com today and get Ultimate Fish Oil at InfoWarsStore.com.
  It's gonna sell out fast because that's what happens when you have fantastic products.
  Help us fight the global agenda and also improve your health with fish oil.
  InfoWarsStore.com.
  In a world where ancient remedies blend with modern science, Jones knows the secret.
  Baudeze from InfoWars Life isn't just any treasure, but the ultimate turmeric and inflammatory support.
  For millennia, turmeric's power has been recognized, but not all turmeric is created equal.
  With InfoWars Baudeze, you're getting turmeric root extract in a much more potent form.
  And the magic doesn't stop at turmeric.
  Paired with ingredients known for their anti-inflammatory properties like organic sage leaf and others, bawdy's is a symphony of nature's best.
  Joint support, flexibility, inflammation, and immune support.
  With bawdy's, you're not just unlocking the secrets of ancient remedies, but also supporting the show.
  Discover the power of all natural turmeric.
  Grab your treasure today.
  
   Head to InfoWarsStore.com and experience the magic of Maudeese for yourself.
  All right, welcome back.
  Hour number three, we've been simulcasting on X Spaces, or SpacesX, for the last 30 minutes.
  And we've got the producer of the Top Spaces program, Nick Santore, on with us.
  Nick Sordor.
  Nick Sordor with Mario Nafal.
  And so, Mario...
  Nick, all the work you're doing here, you've raised some of the best questions and best comments so far.
  What else do you want to say?
  No, I mean, we have another great panel up here on stage here.
  You've got Tom, you've got Liz Churchill now, you know, you've got a lot of other friends that we have here on X-Space.
  I think you should jump to some of them for a little bit.
  Well, Nick Sordor, you've asked some incredible questions.
  We're going to go to the other people.
  You're going to hang on with us, but what else?
  Because you've asked the best questions, better than I would have said.
  So what else do you want to say?
  Well, I mean, you know, before the break we were talking about what's going on on these college campuses and who is backing these and why.
   And, you know, a question that I get constantly, you know, as we've been covering these live from the ground at UT Austin in particular, I go around and there's every single day Thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars worth of supplies that are brought in by the truckload, you know, food, lots of dozens of pizzas at the same time to all these protesters.
   They have people handing them out that they're literally staffed with handing out these goods and then you have legal observers everywhere and these people are these are extremely well put together riots and protests and riots and The question that I get all the time is who is funding them and why?
  You know, they say possibly George Soros.
  Oh no, he funds the Tide Foundation, Sunrise Group, all of them.
  He's the main funder of the State Department.
  But the real group is the CIA.
  It's the CIA.
  Why?
  That's a great question.
  To build towards the summer of rage ahead of Trump being elected, the left has said in mainstream news they're going to stage riots when Trump gets re-elected and try to drive him from office.
  And do you think it's working?
  Is that effective?
  Because it seems to me like this is going to end up backfiring because people are getting, you know, these massive groups of easily brainwashed young people that are on these campuses are actually pissed off, increasingly pissed off at Joe Biden.
  People that would have voted for Joe Biden are no longer voting for Joe Biden because they think he's complicit in a genocide in Palestine.
  Absolutely.
  I think it will backfire if we don't have right-wing provocateurs like we had January 6th go in and shoot mortar fireworks at them that can kill people.
  And if they don't, you know, do things like that.
  So they're looking for a Kent State event to be victims.
  And that's why, you know, anybody that goes in there is being attacked or doing struggle sessions, all of it.
  I don't support them, but I support their right to free speech.
  I don't support their right to commandeer things and keep Jewish students out of the schools.
  So yeah, look, it's a dialectic to create a crisis, to create destabilization.
  Nick, anything else?
  No sir, I'll stick around for a while though.
  All right, we're going to do a one minute break and join a whole bunch of radio stations, folks, because you're not just on X-Spaces, you're not just at InfoWars.com with all our millions of viewers.
  We are simulcasting over 300 radio stations, over 100 TV and cable stations, and they have breaks.
  So we've got to join a bunch of stations that don't carry the first five minutes.
  We're going to go to break for one minute, come back and join them.
  We're going to skip some of the breaks.
  We'll have plenty of time.
  It'll be like 25 minutes to the next break.
  People keep explaining, why is there breaks here?
  Because it's old media merged with new media, OK?
  And the old media is going away, we get that.
  Tell us who we're going to go to first when we come back.
  We've got Dom Luker, Liz Churchill, Lumi Casanova, Lala, Chief, Kristen, Tupac.
  I mean, we have so many speakers lined up.
  It's going to be great.
  Yeah, and I had Liz Churchill already booked today, but because of the James O'Keefe thing, I got that.
  I cleared the deck, so I'm glad she's still going to be on.
  I apologize to her, so I look forward to having her on with us as well, and Don Luker, and everybody else.
  So real quick, Chase, how do people follow you on X?
  You just follow me at RealChaseGuys, or I'm in this space right now as a co-host, so if you tap on my profile picture right next to Alex's at the top, you can follow me there.
  Alright, 60 seconds, we're coming back.
  I'm going to try to shut up now.
  And just boom, boom, boom, get to your comments as speakers on this ex-live event simulcast, the Alex Jones Show.
  You can also find us at Band.Video and InfoWars.com.
  Stay with us.
  Voice in the static, echo through the land.
  Breaking the silence with a heavy hand.
   Broadcasting from the Info Wars studio, it's the Alex Jones Show.
  I've been a fan of your show.
  I'm a big fan of your show.
  rendition of the Supremes!
  Introducing us!
  Notice that's why they want to ban the Republicans.
  Yeah, right.
  That's too good.
  Who was the front lady of the Louis Supremes?
  I can't remember.
  It'll pop my head in a minute.
  Before my time.
  Crank it up.
  
  Hey, how's it going?
   guys are on this live space is again O'Keefe about to drop a huge bombshell
   about the CIA coup against America it is so huge everybody this is gonna go
   mega viral who's up next let's go to Dom Luker Dom what's up
   so with us now what's your take on what's what's happening I think it's
   just validating everything that you've been saying over the years that the CIA
   is in control of most of the narratives that we see from day to day
  And it just feels like a lot of the quote-unquote, you know, red pill content that would have been considered low-key or underground is starting to be considered mainstream and easily acceptable.
  So I think it's great to expose it.
  What do you think the system is going to do if everything they do gets exposed?
  I believe they'll change form.
  They'll change their form.
  They'll change their plan.
  But at the end of the day, they won't stop fighting because, you know, in the forces of good and evil, it's a never-ending battle.
  So at the end of the day, I do think we'll have a lot of strides.
  I think we'll have a lot of wins.
  But we're going to force them to change their approach.
  But nonetheless, I think they will continue to fight and try to control the masses.
  You know what's really interesting to me is for the last couple years if you've been following Mike Pompeo on social media, he's been posting content as if, similar to like Nikki Haley, as if he was planning to run for president at some point or maybe teasing the idea.
  It seems like the CIA is always trying to run their own candidate.
  Well it was a Wall Street coup.
   It was a Wall Street coup in 1947 with the National Security Act and even The President at the time, a year after it got set up, came out and said that this was a terrible idea, we shouldn't have done this.
  So, they're above the law, don't review what they're doing, and so it's been a corporate coup with the Federal Reserve since then.
  Federal Reserve coup in 1913, they got operational control in 1947, they killed the President in 1963, and then they had a coup against President Trump in 2020.
  Absolutely disgusting stuff.
  Dom Luker, anything else, brother?
  As of right now, I just feel like we're taking a win on the whole information war and the war on the culture.
  I mean, when these things comes out, we used to see a lot of backlash.
  You would typically see a lot of backlash against O'Keefe from mainstream media, etc.
  But their silence itself is very loud to me.
  There was a time they would fight back, call people conspiracy theorists, call them crazy.
  Now they're quiet because the people are listening and they're believing it.
  So I think just the lack of backlash, if you may, it just really shows and validates that we've been winning the culture war and I'm super excited for what's coming up.
  I could not say it that good myself.
  And by the way, Diana Ross was the leader of the Supremes.
  My mom was a big fan of Diana Ross.
  A lot of Diana Ross records when I was growing up.
  I was like, what's that lady's name?
  I can't believe I can't remember it.
  Diana Ross.
  I'd forgotten.
  I obviously know who the Supremes are.
  She died a couple years ago.
  She had an amazing voice.
  All right.
  Great points, Dom Luker.
  Who's up next?
  Let's go to Liz Churchill.
  Liz.
  Hi everyone.
  Yes, I think we're winning because all of this shit that we see around us wouldn't be necessary.
  I think that the CIA is a collection of communist human garbage that all belong in prison.
  I think that they have pretty much every country captured, including Canada.
  That's my opinion, of course.
   But I don't think that they are as strong as they once used to be because the information coming out about them Is the truth and it's exactly what InfoWars has been saying for a very long time.
  Well that's right, a CIA coup against America using our money and power for their own corporate interest will only work if people aren't aware of them.
  But once people know there's a man behind the curtain like Wizard of Oz, it's game over.
  That's exactly what it is.
   So when you see communist human garbage, like the CIA, which is exactly what Chase and you had said previously, You have to look, in regards to the presidential candidates, it always comes out that it's the one that the CIA chooses.
  And so the question becomes, how did America get to a place where the CIA is choosing the American presidents?
  And this is the problem.
  People have to understand that the Deep State is real.
  They're working against Trump.
  They're working against the people.
  And they've been doing so for a very, very long time.
  Well, if you look at how third world countries always fall, it's their intelligence agencies that take it over.
  They use the trust they've got to take over.
  It's been done here.
  Exactly!
  And then when you factor in the various forms of asymmetric warfare, like, for example, we can incorporate Rockefeller Medicine, we can talk about the various NGOs, we can talk about the multitude of other facets that contribute to this awful conglomerate of the CIA.
  And that's exactly what we're dealing with.
   So until people understand that the Deep State is real, Then nothing changes.
  I do believe that more and more people are beginning to see the madness, because it's inescapable.
  And once we get to a point where eventually it will all collapse, as per your guest previously, Dr. Kirk Elliott, I think that's where we will see people come together in unison.
  No, I totally agree, and we use the Toto moment.
  When Toto the little dog, who represents, you know, just indomitable courage, pulls back the curtain, they try to pull it back.
  But once the curtain's already been pulled open, there's no pulling it back.
  It's just a process of them losing.
  That's right.
  And what you see right now is damage control.
  Because the voices of the people are now exceeding the propaganda MSM.
   People are no longer believing that Trump is a Russia agent, that he's bailing in the- like none of that is- None of it makes sense and people are not buying the lies anymore.
  By the way, I would criticize Trump.
  He supported Mike Johnson and the 60 Billion to Ukraine.
  I mean, that's a big problem I've got with Trump.
  It's actually the opposite.
  That's one of his weaknesses.
  Russian agent, it's absolutely preposterous.
  So the curtain's been pulled back.
  They've been exposed.
  And when we see these CIA agents, you're going to see when this O'Keefe thing breaks in less than four hours.
  And I'm going to be close in spaces with him.
  When you see how pathetic they are, do you realize this is our rulers?
  Liz?
  Those are your rulers.
  That's correct.
  Those are your rulers.
  And you posted a very accurate video several months ago about a transgender mute that looked like an abomination from hell.
  And you said this is your average CIA asset.
  And that is true.
  These are the people running the show behind the scenes.
  They've hired anti-human, pissed off people that will carry out their transhumanist agenda.
  It's simple.
  Well, they're all very blackmailed.
  We have to remember that's where Jeffrey Epstein and all of those other operations come into play because there's a reason why they are as disturbed and as sinister as they are.
   And let's be clear, they're the island of broken toys, we're not the ones breaking them.
  They're literally breaking society to create people mad at society to then organize and attack the general public when it's like the left is saying, oh we're woke, we've got all this corporate funding.
  You're the establishment, Liz!
  Yes, so what they're doing is they're creating their own island of misfit toys and they're demanding that everybody be a misfit just like them and by stating that government and corporations will force you to become a misfit is no longer working.
  It's not working.
  People do not want to be injected with a biological agent acting as a vaccine every three months.
   They do not want Their children sexually mutilated and sterilized.
  They do not want their airplanes and all of our infrastructure run on people based on their diversity.
  This is madness!
  People are slowly waking up to the asymmetric warfare that is plaguing their livelihoods.
  And they're waking up to MSM propaganda.
   This is no different than Communist Russia when the propaganda media Data to their citizens, their economy, and the banks have never been better, but the breadlines for the food banks were miles long.
  It's the same thing.
  Liz, you're preaching it.
  Keep going.
   So, with saying that, until there is a substantial collapse, whether it be financially or a food chain crisis, People will not understand the psychology that is happening around them.
  You just hit the key.
  The globalists, the WFM, they're causing a food chain collapse, a societal collapse, to sell them as the saviors.
  But if they're exposed as the authors, their plan gets rejected, which is now happening.
  That's the key juncture.
  They thought they created an angrier world and a global revolution for them to take control.
  Instead, it's backfiring.
  That's powerful.
  I would advise them to back off the revolution now, but they're not.
  They're accelerating it.
  Well, and that's why they had to take down all of their information on Sri Lanka from their webpage.
  Right?
  You focused on this six months ago.
  World Economic Forum focused on Sri Lanka as the ultimate future city.
  Well, what happened?
  It completely collapsed.
  And for those that don't know, Liz, tell them what they did in the last 10 years of Sri Lanka.
  It was the model, now in the Netherlands, of cutting off the farmers, cutting off the food.
  What did they do?
  I forgot about that.
  It's so easy to forget about these things.
  Well, the finality of this situation was the residents were pulling politicians out of their cars and beating them up.
  That's what happened!
  Their country collapsed!
  That's right.
  They think they're going to have a communist uprising to take over as a response to what they did.
  No, we know the communists work for you.
  We're going to remove you all.
  Well, that's correct.
  And so what they're presenting is they're saying, well, you're accepting communism or you're accepting communism.
  There's no option here.
  They're using, like you like to say, the boiling frog analogy.
  It's incrementalism to lock you into this system without you realizing that you're in said communist system.
  That's it.
  That's all it is.
  And we're at the very end now.
  This is Sodom and Gomorrah.
  We're fighting for our children to not be sexually mutilated.
  This is the end of Rome level of collapse.
  So, I mean, when you take all of these factors and put them all into one big pot, eventually it will implode.
  It's no longer sustainable.
  So until that time comes, when more and more people achieve the amount of information that you put out on a daily basis, eventually it will all come to a screeching stop.
  Because it will not, the narrative will no longer be sustainable.
  Well, I'm telling everybody, this O'Keefe information confirms everything we already know.
  It takes it to the next level.
  We've got to ram this out.
  We've got to get Elon Musk behind it.
  I'm sure he will repost it.
  It needs 5 billion views.
  Let's go, let's go, let's go.
  And the globalist bunkers aren't going to save him.
  They should capitulate now.
  They should give up now and end their globalist, transhumanist agenda.
  They should stop now.
  Yeah, I think their plan was incredibly sophisticated and has been incredibly sophisticated for decades.
  What I genuinely believe they didn't anticipate, Alex and listeners, I genuinely believe they did not anticipate that Elon Musk was going to take a public company private.
   and this is really thrown a wrench in their whole plan because like we were discussing
   and like Liz brilliantly resonated with, their plan only works if they can choose
   who is going to be to blame on a massive scale after all these collapses happen, right?
   So if these massive famines occur and these massive outages occur and civilization collapses,
   they have to have 100% control over the narrative in order to blame it on whiteness or Western culture.
   All about that. - That's something else, right, but there's a small leak in the-
   By the way, I mean, I wanna put book, I'm gonna highlight this and blazing it and fire.
  This is the key to everything.
  They've got to blame black, white.
  They've got to have us fight during this.
  That's why they're funding all the different sides instead of transcending and saying, you got AI taking over my car.
  You go update your car, your digital car, and it says, we'll tell you when you can start your car now.
  And Germany says we're going to ban people driving cars on the weekend.
  I mean, it's here, folks.
  Reject it.
  Stop complying.
  You saw what they did during COVID.
  Yeah, it backfired.
  They're going to come back with more stuff.
  Exactly.
  Well, I think it was Benjamin Franklin who said a small leak can sink a great ship.
  And I think that's what we're seeing here with Axe is that this little, it's not a little platform.
  Exposes it all.
  This little example of freedom of speech is enough to sink the whole entire ship.
  Because it calls the lie.
  And when you say little, you're right, it's not little.
  It's doubled in reach and people and is now the dominant forum in two years.
  Yes, especially in countries that try to censor it.
  I mean, you go to Brazil, it's like the number one app being downloaded.
  Globalists already own everything.
  There'll be life extension.
  Everything's going to happen.
  Get out of the way of people.
  Stop being greedy.
  Step aside.
  You can still be the main, you know, people.
  Because I believe in sending tyrants to islands like the Napoleon.
  If we try to take them out, they'll do a nuclear war.
  I'd be willing to make a deal.
  You guys just go over here.
  You can still be super rich.
  You get the life extension.
  Just stop it.
  But they're not going to do that.
  Right.
  They'll be hung like Mussolini.
  Well, maybe that's what Elon's been trying to do with SpaceX.
  He's actually about sending the elite to Mars.
  He's doing a plan B. He's giving them a plan B. He said, you guys might need to stop this plan.
  It's not going to work.
  See, he's very scientific.
  So he's like, hey, your plan's not going to work.
  You need to stop.
  Does that make sense?
  Yeah.
  Liz Churchill, any other comments?
   Well, I was just going to say that ultimately, What you said in regards to how this is all happening right now, information is truly the key.
  We have to remember this is a completely different battlefield.
  This is not like World War I or II where you were trained and sent off into kinetic warfare.
  The people that are speaking up right now are the soldiers.
  The people that are speaking out right now are the ones distributing the information.
  And you cannot stop doing this whatsoever.
  You need to, about a year ago you played a video I would suggest you replay it again.
  It's called After the Great Reset where you see humanity locked into barracks where they're receiving their CBCC coins and remembering the good times before tyranny where they were loaded up onto buses because we are there.
  Oh, that's a Russian emigrate to Canada.
  Who's never done anything political, but he saw the tyranny and he made this, and I wish it got 100 million views.
  It only got like 10 million.
  It's so, in fact, find that after the Great Reset cartoon.
  It's like three minutes long.
  We'll play it after the break.
  Liz Churchill, you are awesome.
  I want to get you on as a guest soon.
  You know why I can't see you today?
  I couldn't tell you earlier today.
  I had you on as a guest and then this O'Keefe thing broke, so we wanted to, you know, do that, but I'm going to have you on as a guest soon.
  Yeah, yeah, I spoke with Daria for quite a while and no, no, it's all, it's completely good.
  No, we're, we're good, we're good.
  Anytime, she has my private number to text me anytime and I will respond as soon as I receive that text.
  Well, O'Keefe and Dr. Malone are on tomorrow, but next week, please come on with us unless, I won't cancel you unless something else breaks like this.
  So thank, I'm glad you were still here.
  Oh no, no problem, no problem, no problem.
  I'll just stay listening.
  I'm busy today right now anyways.
  So I'll stay listening and I can jump in any time you request me to, but I really appreciate coming on your space.
  And I was just on a podcast, Joe Rambo, he's excellent as well.
  He's here on Twitter.
  So, anytime you want me to jump in, let me know.
  And yeah, Fight Tyranny, play that video because it needs to be played at least, you know, a hundred million times.
  That's right.
  And Liz, how do people find you and follow your excellent work?
  Well, I'm banned everywhere, unfortunately.
  But you're on Xtent.
  Absolutely everywhere.
   I'm on X. Yes, the only place I'm on is X. I'm not on Every time I say I'm on X, I think I'm in college again.
  I'm on X!
  Alright, thank you, Liz.
  Let's get a few more in right now.
  Yeah, let's do it.
  Let's go to the blue collar intellectual.
  You've been patiently raising your hand.
  Go ahead and unmute yourself and say what you have to say, sir.
  Alright, thank you for having me up.
  You're welcome.
  I think what we're seeing right now is the intersexual Marxists and their globalist allies have successfully pulled out their plan, and I think we are going to see more race-related violence.
  It'll be superficial, it'll be full of shit, but unfortunately, there's enough engagement farmers and grifters on both sides of the aisle... Oh, they're going to hype the living... Yeah, exactly.
  The white supremacists are going to hype it, and then the communists are going to hype it damn right.
  And the white supremacists are just as guilty feeding into this.
  Oh yes, and the problem that it is, like, I'm biracial.
  I don't have a winning side of this.
  White people win, I lose.
  Black people win, I lose.
  No, no.
  The only thing that saves me is America.
  Well, you're a human.
  That's what you are.
  Exactly.
  I'm an American, and this is where I keep saying when we're going to debate the left, regardless of the issue, when we're debating the left on any of this shit, the globalists, the intersexual Marxists, we need to remember, it's not about debating the person across the aisle from us.
  This is not a political collegiate debate, okay?
  This is competing sales pitches for the vision of America.
  We need to be inspiring because these young children who are out on these campuses, we've already seen the videos.
  They don't know what the fuck they're talking about.
  They don't know a damn thing.
  They're not educated.
  What they need, what they're gravitating around is a cause because they have nothing in their lives to live for.
  The government, these intersexual Marxists have basically convinced us all to discount each other's grievances and to fight amongst each other so that they can escape our righteous condemnation because the reality is that we're all living with the government's boot on our neck and as long as we keep fighting each other we can't take the boot off our neck and start, you know, sorting shit out.
  Raise the black flag.
  Save America.
  Absolutely.
  They are launching their attack.
  As we knew, all the movies, Civil War, all of it, they are pre-programming it.
  And I believe that, yes, they've launched it successfully, but it's going to fail.
  What do you think is going to happen?
  So I think it is going to fail.
  As my friend Sonny Johnson keeps reminding me, America has never failed to raise a generation that will save it from itself.
  And I think that is, I think that's correct.
  And we're seeing that with young Gen Z men.
  We just saw on campus yesterday, I was in that space with Nick Sorez, we were watching the live coverage and you saw those young boys as they were attempting to rip down the American flag and raise up a Palestinian flag.
  Step in, grab the flag, and stand there with their arms raised above their head for hours on end, making sure that American flag did not touch the ground, that a foreign flag was not raised on American soil.
  That generation right there is what is going to save the country.
   Black, white, Asian, indifferent, it doesn't matter.
  And by the way, it's not that America's perfect, but it's a symbol they want to take down.
  I agree, blue collar, intellectual.
  Is that on your ex account?
  Because we want to play that video.
  Yes, I did post on my ex account.
  I can post it in the purple pill, make it easier for you guys to find.
  I reposted it from yesterday.
  It was an absolutely beautiful photo.
  I couldn't be more inspired.
   As a veteran, I couldn't.
  I understand people protesting.
  I disagree with burning the flag.
  I disagree with letting it touch the ground.
  I disagree with all that.
  I understand you have the right, legally, to protest and do that type of shit.
  I can also say that I don't have the intestinal fortitude to watch you do it in front of me without beating your ass.
  Like, as a Marine, I have brothers who were draped in that flag.
  I'm not going to let you do it without beating your ass.
  As somebody who ran for office, I said I wanted to represent that flag and serve it.
  And I just can't watch somebody do that.
  Let's expand on that.
  They'll demonize it all day, but it's the best house in a bad neighborhood.
  They want to replace it with their rainbow flag, their satanic flag, their New World Order flag.
  And it symbolizes who we are and our freedoms and our liberty and our culture.
  So if we let them attack it, we have given everything up.
  That's why the symbol is so important.
  Thank you so much, sir.
  We'll be right back with more of your comments live.
  Stay with us.
  Any botherments die.
  Bring us this information.
  You can see here the Great Awakening orbiting the Great Reset.
  Although the depopulation systems of the Great Reset are not yet fully operational, the Great Reset does have a strong conspiracy network.
  It is protected by a satanic shield, which can be disabled by the Great Awakening.
  The Great Reset must be deactivated if any victory for humanity is to be accomplished.
  Once the Great Awakening deactivates the shield, InfoWars.com forward slash show will cover the truth while InfoWarriors fly into the superstructure and attempt to knock out the Great Reset.
  Alex Jones has volunteered to lead the fighter attack.
   Get a signed copy of The Great Awakening today at Infowarsstore.com Get a signed copy of The Great Awakening today at Infowarsstore.com
  I don't care what the Globalists do.
  I'm never surrendering.
  I'm never backing down.
  I'm never giving in.
  That's my whole identity.
  That's who I'm in and I'm strong.
  I'm alive and I'm proud of what I've done.
  I made mistakes but I always did it for the right reason and I've learned from my mistakes.
  And I'll tell you this right now, we're stronger now than we've ever been.
  And I'm so honored to be here with all of you today, reaching millions of people.
  And whether you're old, young, black, white, Hispanic, Asian, I don't care.
  God made you, and I stand with you against this tyranny.
  And I want to unify against the AI New World to take over in this satanic Mark of the Beast.
  And we'll be overcome for a season.
  The Bible tells us that.
  But that's in the third quarter.
  In the fourth quarter and in overtime, we win.
  You can see it.
  You can smell it.
  Yeah, right now there's an evil wave coming in and right now we're rising against it, but we're setting the battle space for the future.
  You've got to stand for something or you'll fall for anything.
  You've got to be your own man, not a puppet on a string.
  Never compromise what's right.
  That's why they say we're the devil.
  That's why they say we're liars.
  That's why they say we hurt people.
  It's just the opposite.
   they were liars. That's why when they say we hurt people, it's just the opposite.
  Alright.
  Alright, the video was put out over a year ago.
  It's Beyond the Reset by a Canadian.
  It's a 20-minute video.
  I'm not going to air the whole thing.
  We're in the spaces right now.
  We can't upload stuff.
  As soon as this is over, I'll go about 15 minutes to the next hour, and then Jason Bermas takes over and does a great job for the last 45 minutes.
  We're going to go right back to your comments and live statements on X here.
  But it's beyond the reset.
  We're going to post the whole thing back up in about an hour from now at Real Alex Jones.
  And it is powerful and I'm glad Liz Churchill reminded me because there's been so much powerful stuff out there.
  This is one of the most powerful things out there and it needs to get out so it will.
  Chase Geiser, you're in here.
  You're a smart guy.
  I've been interrupting you and everybody else.
  A few minutes about what you think about what's happening in the world right now.
  You have this huge O'Keefe CIA coup against America.
  A bombshell that's about to drop.
  I've seen it.
  It's incredible.
  I can't give you the details.
  It breaks at 5 p.m.
  Eastern today, 4 p.m.
  Central, 3 p.m.
  Mountain, 2 p.m.
  Pacific.
  And we'll go right to these spaces, commenters.
  But what else do you want to add?
  Well, I think there's a phrase, and I don't have the Declaration of Independence memorized, but isn't there a phrase or a paragraph that's specifically about how people, human beings in general, are inclined to suffer the injustices of tyranny for too long?
  Yeah, that's how it starts.
  That's how it starts, right?
  In fact, guys, pull up the Declaration of Independence.
   You know, it says people tend to suffer tyrannies for a long time. Way beyond the point that they actually
  should.
  And so my concern is not whether or not we will win, Alex.
  My concern is how much suffering is coming.
  I look at my little girls. I got two daughters.
   One's going to turn one this month and another's three years old.
   And I don't want them to have to go through suffering unnecessary.
  So we here in the studio, Alex Jones, for years, and our audience is aware of what's going on, and I just hope that we can build enough awareness so we can prevent the mass famines and the starvation.
  Well, the globalists admit that's why they don't have children, because something biological happens when you have children.
  Right, you love your family more than the state.
  And then when you hit about 48, 50, and now the children are grown, something even more clicks.
  And then you're like, you're an individual?
  Everybody worries about individualism, saying at least, no, no.
  As an individual, you make decisions that are best for you and everybody around you, for the collective, not a globalist directive, communist directive, collective.
  At 50 now, I am like, not a communist collectivist, but a spiritual collectivist.
  Now, everything is about the people.
  Because I'm going to die, they're going to live on, we live on through them.
  Right.
  Well, my wife gives me a hard time for the hours that I work sometimes, and she's a wonderful woman, but I say, look, I know you want me to spend time with my family, but I'm not going to have a family if I don't have a country.
  Everything we do here is for our families.
  That's right.
  You think the military wants to go away for a year or two years?
  Right.
  But the country's going to be overrun.
  You've got to do it.
  Exactly, exactly.
  So those are just sort of my thoughts.
  I just pray that we can solve this problem before it really manifests.
  And I'm optimistic that we can.
  I just hope that I can see this victory in my lifetime and it's not going to be two or three generations from now after suffering the likeness of which the world has never seen.
  And that's beautifully said.
  And here's the bottom line.
  No one intellectually can look at where we're at and not say this is the worst form of tyranny ever seen.
  If it continues, it leads to hell we've never seen.
  There's no doubt now, folks, this is as bad as it can get.
  So, the only thing we gotta do is admit it.
  Put the Declaration of Independence back up.
  Rage up, blow it up.
  As the Declaration of Independence made clear, the long train of abuses and usurpations and the tyranny exhibited over these states forced the columnists to alter their former system of government in such circumstances Jefferson explained that it is the people's right and their duty to overthrow in response of the repressive system.
   Yeah, but the full quote is People are long used to putting up with tyranny.
  Guys, print me the declaration of independence.
  Just print it to me.
  It's in the first three paragraphs.
  I gotta read this now.
  I never was OCD, but I'm 30 years now.
  I'm very OCD, like you're saying.
  You want to know the exact quote.
  So give me that.
  I'll read it.
  Just print me the whole thing.
  I know where it's at.
  Who's up next?
  Alright, let's go straight to Kristen.
  Kristen's been patiently waiting with her hand up.
  Kristen, go ahead and unmute yourself and say what you have to say, ma'am.
  Hey Alex, it's Kristen Megan, your favorite geoengineering whistleblower.
  Welcome!
  I just wanted to say it's nice to talk to you and not freeze in your studio.
  So Chase, I hope you have a blanket.
   I just wanted to say that, you know, I was listening to the show earlier and I have obviously been listening to you for much your humility and how you reground yourself to where
   you're presenting the information in a way that people that have casted you out before, people
   that listened to you and didn't want to admit it, you are inviting a whole new slew of people to
   come in and learn. And the biggest thing is, is we are putting out fires on a global scale on
   a multitude of different topics. I for one am headed to the World Health Organization in Geneva at
  the end of this month and I think if Dr.
   Ketlin is in here she might be there too, but we are fighting so many things and you talk all the
  time about just getting along and no in-fighting.
  So we have to also respect different passions that people have.
  We're all, you know, from election integrity to health freedom to social media censorship.
   We've really got to make sure that we hold tight our hands right now more than ever and set aside our differences because As sad as this is, I really do think we have to hit rock bottom before people start to realize how sociopathic our government is.
   And I am looking forward to what is going to premiere with James O'Keefe this evening because I think right before the election this is the best thing that can happen to people who You know, I get bashed all the time because people know I've worked with you and been on your show, and he's right!
  So now people can start posting and recruiting people to watch your show.
  And I love that Elon brought you back on this platform, Alex, because you are reaching a whole new audience, which I hope is bringing in more revenue so that you can continue to do this.
  So I just wanted to thank you for your new demeanor and your new tone, because I love you no matter what.
  I have heard from people that you are a lot more palatable in the way that you're presenting the information, so I just wanted to thank you.
  Well, I've been on air 30 years, so I've gone through different transformations.
  People always say, like, Jones is calculated, he's doing this now.
  I just say what I think is the truth.
  It's so easy, too.
  I don't think about what's the political repercussions or what does this group think.
  I really try to say what I really am understanding.
  And at 50 years old, doing this 30 years, I think I've got a lot more knowledge than I used to have.
  I think I did good work before, exposing basic things.
  I used to be kind of more of a maniac and get pissed off and do all these things.
   But, you know, I mean, we're down to the wire here now, and I just really see that They're trying to divide us.
  And there's real reasons we're divided.
  It's not saying those aren't real things, but at the end of the day, they're manipulating those.
  We've got to transcend that.
  So that's what I'm trying to do.
  Well, I will say too, Alex, sometimes when I'm having a hard time falling asleep and I don't want to listen to a podcast, what I'll do is I'll go back and listen to the Alex Jones Show on this day 10 years ago, or on this day 20 years ago.
  Because every once in a while, I find an amazing clip of something you predicted that's happening now.
  Last week was the Ukraine stuff.
  I've noticed that you have gotten, you're in your prime right now on air.
  And I'm not just saying that because you're my boss and Indah Brown knows your name.
  I don't give a damn about that.
  You know me well enough to know I don't give a damn.
  But you really have matured a lot.
  There's some shows that I've listened to from 10 years or 20 years ago, they all have brilliant moments in them.
  But it's like, oh man, he'd be so mad if I covered it that way now when I listen to it.
  Now you've just graduated to this level where you're professional league, man.
  I'm trying.
  I didn't realize how big we were even 20 years ago.
  I would just be sitting there and make a lot of sarcastic jokes.
  I didn't realize they can take that out of context.
  That's why people love the comedy and the satire, but I've cut it out because they take it out of context.
  But hey, everybody gets to mature if they aren't destroying their children.
  That's what we're trying to do here.
  All right, let's go to the next person.
  Sure.
  All right, let's go to Lumi Casanova.
  Lumi, you've been waiting patiently.
  Go ahead and unmute yourself and say what you have to say.
  Yeah, I just wanted to bring it back to the riots and my thinking was, or the protesters, anyone who's paid and is breaking the law and paid by an organisation, that is technically racketeering.
  So I just wanted to point that out.
   And I think they should be investigating that for racketeering, go up the food chain, get to Soros, get to the Rockefellers
  and whoever else is funding it.
   And then on the other side, it's interesting how the universities haven't made any concessions to the protesters
   and it takes two to tango and two to shout at each other, so they're escalating together.
   And my last thing, we have, my friend and I made a bot AI, which can sound like Elon Musk or even you, Alex Jones, and
  I'd love for you to hear it one day.
   It literally is being used by the CIA. They have something similar to actually change and socially engineer the
   discourse of platforms and people and in any language as well.
   It can do it in real time and we've been testing it and I welcome you to come and see it. We can even bring it up on
  stage at one point for sure.
  Tell me more.
  
  Yeah, so basically it's um, so it runs as, all right, so we're running this off of $3,000, right?
  But governments, they have unlimited resources and it would only take a few of these chips to run a personality type.
  Any personality type, any voice, it can clone voices in real time, become you as well.
  And it can be very dangerous in the wrong hands because it can sound like anyone.
  On top of that, we've proven that it's been used in spaces because of just certain events which haven't made sense.
  And only an AI basically going off the rails, it would have been that.
  And for instance, asking it to talk backwards.
  Only certain, like, it's a very rare human trait to be able to talk backwards at high speed.
  And we've witnessed all these really weird events.
  So the point is, is that it wouldn't take much money for them to have this.
  We are doing it with $3,000 and I really do think that people should be aware of this because it's like an antivirus.
  Once you know about it, it protects you a little bit from the dangers.
  Of it, essentially.
  Anyway, I don't want to take any more of your time.
  I wish I can demonstrate it.
  We've got on my page, illustrated it.
  And while we were illustrating it... No, no!
  I mean, do take our time, because I know some of the top lawyers in Austin that happen to be Democrats, because I worked with them in my custody battle with my ex-wife.
   And they told me, I'm not going to say names, but off record, they know multiple judges in Travis County Federal and state who get a call from their son saying, help me, I've been kidnapped.
  We're going to pull my fingers out if you don't send $50,000 to this address right now.
  And then they're smart enough to call up and get their son on the phone and make sure it didn't happen.
  But it's their son's voice.
  I had somebody last year who spoofed my phone number or Tucker's number.
  So they had Tucker's number and my number.
  They called us Eric Carlson and then Tucker's on the phone.
  It sounds just like Tucker.
  Then I figured out the way he was talking.
  I said, is this AI?
  And then they hung up.
  So the point is, this is really already there.
  And you know what's really scary about it?
  Is that once you understand it and how quick and dynamic it is in different languages, it can be used in any country for any agenda.
  It's almost like the wet dream of the totalitarian control.
  Because basically, for instance, on these spaces, you may think there's thousands and millions of people, but there might just be quite a lot of bots running things, which is kind of crazy.
  when you think about it.
   And I don't know, the more you go down the rabbit hole, the more you realize what they can do, the scarier it gets.
   And I really do think that it needs to be a conversation for sure.
   Well, yeah, I mean, the big question is, is Adrian Dittman a bot of Elon Musk?
  I mean, I don't think so.
  I think he's just a guy who's mastering his voice.
  Legally, I wouldn't answer that.
  Yeah, but let's go beyond that.
  It isn't just mastering the voice.
  In live time, it gives Elon Musk answers.
  Yeah, the guy's brilliant, for sure.
  But I think Adrian's a real guy.
  You should actually, Nick Sordora, I know you're listening.
  Well, I challenge, we'll pay.
  We'll find first class here.
  Adrian Dittman, I want you in studio.
  I want to see Adrian Dittman sit right where you are and do what you're doing.
  Okay.
  I like that challenge.
  Yeah, come in studio, do it.
  Release the Kraken.
  First class, hotel, plane.
  Where does Adrian Dittman claim he lives?
  I don't think he says.
  Yeah, come on.
  It's either Elon Musk or it's an AI bot.
  Come on, you can't fake that.
  I'm going to master this.
  It's just not a stressed out Elon.
  It's a comfortable Elon.
  Yeah, I mean, he's amazing.
  Who do you think Adrian Dittman is?
  I don't think Loomie wants to answer it.
  Loomie, unmute.
  Say what you gotta say.
  He's a real person.
  He's a genius.
  And he happens to sound like Elon.
  But I wouldn't focus on that.
  It's a distraction from actually what is happening.
  And I really do have a lot of respect for the guy.
  I've been on his stage a few times and he's a great guy.
  By focusing on that, it distracts us and it makes it a novelty.
  When you listen to this bot, it can do anyone.
  So literally, anyone, anything, anything.
  And my point is, that's what we've got to realize is the real danger because he might be actually trying to help us, but because he sounds like Elon, we find it funny.
  You know, we've got to make sure we get everything right.
  But anyway.
  Computer program, you can do anything you want.
  Pretty much.
  And literally, when you see this, Alex, you're going to laugh your head off.
  We had you having a debate with Biden and you both were having great points while you were talking in various different personality types.
  And it's really kind of funny because from an artistic point of view, it can be really kind of fun.
  But from a national security point of view or from social engineering or narrative control, it's very dangerous.
  No, I agree.
  But let's expand on that.
  I don't like fact-checkers funded by the CIA and Microsoft saying what's real.
  We know that's all fake.
  When we had a group, it was transparent and organized, of certified human voices, so that you know you're talking to a Tucker Carlson or an Elon Musk or an Alex Jones or a Joe Rogan or a Liz Churchill or a Dom Lucare or whoever.
  So that you know that's the person because I think that's where the future is going to be.
  I think people put a post up the other day like bullets saying the currency of the future.
  No, truth is the currency of the future.
  I think the lies are going to get so bad people are going to really learn only the truth will set you free.
  You know, it's hard to install or instill these policies or parameters to correct for the just ignorance or just the fact that people are not going to know whether... Well, the genie's out of the bottle.
  I mean, people put A out of me and I get calls thinking it's real.
  Right, but I can't think of a system that wouldn't be abused that would correct... But there's already a low-tech version for decades.
   People will send letters or emails threatening judges, threatening people in my name, and I get calls and lawsuits and I'm like, That's not me.
  Spoofing is something like swatting.
  It's an old thing.
  Absolutely.
  The question really is how long has this been going on for?
   So it makes me wonder how much time I've spent wasted debating bots on social media platforms.
  That's right.
  No, exactly.
  You're talking exactly so.
  I mean, that's really what we're talking about.
  But there's beyond the bots today.
  Never said these things, never did these things, barely covered it.
  They just create a giant thing that I'm peeing on graves and doing all this.
  It becomes this thing that I am.
  That's the corporate media.
  You tell a lie often enough, people will begin to believe it.
  But then when it hits court, you gotta have a rigged court case.
  You can't have the truth come out.
  Right.
  Then you've got to protect it.
  Then you've got to go on HBO Premier, it's up at Southwest, and have the judge giving flashbulbs.
  I mean, it's all a movie to them, folks.
  It's all a narrative.
  You've got to understand any narrative they're pushing is pure poison.
  That's the first rule.
  You see it on ABC News, you see it on CNN, most of the stuff on Fox News, you see it on HBO, it's cyanide pills, folks.
  Who's up next?
  Let's go next to Caroline for Congress.
  Caroline, go ahead.
  Well thanks so much for having me on the show and I had this weird feeling that you'd go to me next even though I wasn't the next can but thanks for having me.
  I'm beyond excited to be here and I'm beyond excited and I understand the weight of what James O'Keefe is about to do this evening.
   I tried to primary an ex-FBI agent who is in Congress and he's a deep skater and I reaped the consequences, because it's not really, but there was rewards on the other side of that.
  The reward comes only because the victory becomes that I went all the way through.
  Though I was unable to get onto the ballot because of the lawfaring and everything, what I was able to do is get next to the congressman.
  And I have information and I have true grit.
  And I look forward to what James is doing.
  I can understand what he is doing.
  I'm so excited for it.
  We need remedy.
  And then I just wanted to talk about the Adrian thing real quick or the Adrian Dediman thing.
   I was around when he first came on and he only had a couple hundred people.
   And the thing that I noticed about it, because I've seen this before,
   is what happened was people started fighting with each other
  to be close to him, thinking that he was Elon.
   So I noticed what was going on around him and it caused chaos and confusion.
  It really didn't matter whether he was Elon or not Elon.
  It showed people, a lot of people, who they were.
  And I've seen that tactic before and I didn't like it.
  So I just separated myself from it.
  I don't like to be confused.
  If I'm confused, that is a weapon.
  That is not God.
  That is the enemy of a lower power.
  When I'm confused, I step away.
   And then I just wanted to say one more thing about the flag and how they have, over the decades, they have actually got people to come into agreement of waving other flags other than our American flag, because the people at large, unfortunately, Unfortunately, in our country, do not understand what it means to plant a foreign flag.
  And with that, I'll end and let somebody else... By the way, hold on.
  That's key.
  They're training us to be dominated, to be cucked, to see rainbow flags, Palestinian flags.
  Exactly.
  They're training us.
  And the new Civil War movie, The American Flag is the Civil of England, is blown up.
  It's worse, Alex.
  It's more diabolical than that because what they're doing is they're actually getting you to come into agreement to be a slave.
  They're getting you to volunteer and then they understand the human condition.
  Like Mark Twain said, they understand the human condition and the unwillingness to admit that you are wrong.
  A man will... It's easier to fool a man than convince him he's been fooled.
  You know Alex, your analysis of that Civil War movie was 100% spot on.
  I went with several guys from the crew on a Friday night to go see it and that movie I thought was one of the most brilliant pieces of propaganda that I've ever seen.
  I didn't agree with the message at all.
  I was appalled by the message.
  It was definitely next level propaganda.
  It was a masterpiece of propaganda.
  Well give us your review quickly.
  Well, I 100% agree with you on everything that you said.
  I mean, it was obvious that the right-wing patriots were the ones that were the federal government, and that the rebellion, the Civil War, was fighting against these so-called patriot fascists, and that you've got Ron Swanson up there.
  Everybody thinks of him as Ron Swanson because of Parks and Recreation, and that character that he was in that comedy show 10 years ago was a hardcore right-wing libertarian.
   and they cast him looking exactly the same as the president so he stands in as a Trump
   and it was obvious like when they talk about the journalist for example the famous journalist
   the older one played by what's her face who was Mary Jane in Spider-Man they talk about
   how her breaking story when she was coming up in her career was the Antifa massacre so
  they implied that there was a massacre against the anti-fascist.
  And early on a guy with an American flag blows up.
   He blew up a suicide bomber American flag and then the guy that just shoots down on
  the guys from Hong Kong with the dead bodies in the bucket.
  That's the whole White's are killing Asians.
  What's appalling to me were the war crimes that were justified and made to seem heroic throughout the entire movie.
  Whether it was firing squads shooting just captured soldiers or whether it was in the end when they tried to surrender and they shot down the press secretary for trying to surrender and then they shot the president.
  And all the secret service are all white guys?
  Yes, yeah.
  No, they weren't young.
  They were all old men.
  Right.
  But the war crimes that were glorified and they're cheering and partying together in slow motion after they just firing squad at a bunch of soldiers.
  Like, you don't do that even... Oh, it's Seguevara killing the white troops.
  Stuff we didn't even do against that.
  And then they pose with the dead president.
  Yes.
  So, it was, I mean, it was... The conservatives were like, this movie's pretty good.
  They didn't say who the bad guy was.
  Man, that's just such a misunderstanding.
  Well, it's CIA.
  That's a CIA production, bottom line.
  Well, they nailed it.
  All right, we're going to do 50 more minutes, quick break, join some stations, and we're going to go to, who's coming up next?
  Let's see, we've got Lala next, Chief next, and some others that will add into the queue as well.
  Jake?
  All right, we're just going to do 15 more minutes, and then the great Jason Burmanson to take over on the InfoWars feed that is on XREL, Alex Jones, but on InfoWars.com, 4SlushShow, and on radio stations across the country.
  But we're going to go in through and beyond, straight ahead, InfoWars.com.
  Tomorrow's news today.
  So what I really want to ask you to do is pray for myself and the crew and my family.
  That's number one.
  I want that.
  I need that.
  It's your prayer that's doing it.
  That's why this surfaced.
  That's why this happened.
  I need the prayer that I need you to take the articles, the videos, the posts we make at Real Alex Jones, recopy them, share them, post them yourself, do whatever, just get it out there.
   And I need you To go to InfoWarsStore.com and I need you to get great products you already need.
  There's a bunch of sales going.
  DNA Force Plus is so good for your entire body.
  Flushes out your mitochondria and your cells with the PQQ, the CoQ10, the ELV ATP, the Organic Reishi, the Stragalus Membranus Root, and even more for 50%.
  I haven't done that in a while.
  That's amazing.
  It's more important than ever to keep independent, true media on air.
  Crystal Iodine X3, 40% off.
  Body's Ultimate Turmeric Formula, 40% off.
   And Turbo Force, 10-hour clean energy, is 40% off at infowarrestore.com.
  Turbo Force, we'll be right back.
   It's more important than ever to keep independent, true media on air.
  And when you buy the products, that's what you're doing.
  And at least for the foreseeable future, we're still here.
  If things change, I'll let you know, but it's essential you buy products at InfoWarsStore.com because it funds the operation, but that's a side issue.
  They really are amazing.
  And I didn't know this, just somebody told me, Nitric Boost, I've been plugging for months, has been sold out.
  Best seller, cleans out your blood, cleans out your cardiovascular system, does incredible things.
  Dr. Mikovits has talked about how it's one of the best formulas out there.
  Everybody should be on it, young and old, black and white.
  It is back in stock, got a big shipment of it in at InfoWarsStore.com for 40% off.
  So if I've been plugging it and you go there and it's not there, I apologize.
  I just, I need to, I guess, get more briefings on what's in stock and what's not.
  But it's now back in stock at InfoWarsStore.com or call toll free, 888-253-3139.
  All right, 15 minutes left here in the spaces.
  I'll be on at 4 p.m.
  Central, 5 p.m.
  Eastern with James O'Keefe.
  He drops the Moab of CIA coup against America information.
  Chase Geyser, who's up next?
  Let's go straight to Lala.
  Lala, you've been patiently waiting with your hand up.
  Go ahead and unmute yourself and say what you have to say.
  All right, it looks like we might not have her with us, so we're gonna move on.
  Let's go straight to Chief.
  Chief, go ahead and unmute yourself and say what you have to say.
  Welcome, Chief.
  Hey guys.
  First, great speakers as always.
  Next, if folks aren't supporting the broadcast, Alex, this is an opportunity for folks to go to infowars.com slash store, get the products, get the merchandise, and keep you in the fight.
  I'm going to make a couple quick points.
  Hand it over to my friend Jake Chansley over here.
  I'd actually rather hear him speak.
  But, you know, the process of the CIA is it can only be successful when it stays in the shadows.
  I've dug into the book, 2007 book called Legacy of Ashes, the history of the CIA, written by Pulitzer Prize winner Tim Weiner, who breaks down the history of the organization and essentially has proven how the CIA has turned against the American people to destroy our larger global power.
  And if you look at, obviously, whether it was through Trump and the hoax, whether it's the psychological warfare, how big tech is in bed with the intelligence agencies, there's so many points from this book that anybody who wants to dig into it, it's a 700-page book.
  No, I've read it.
  I think I interviewed him.
  It's an incredible book.
  No, it really is.
  And you know, I know you mentioned 1947 earlier.
  So, you know, I think one thing that people can be positive about and really put their head down at night and be comfortable with is this is a war that's been going on since 1948.
   That's when it was The CIA was illegally funded through the black ops to basically start with the hardcore propaganda and another thing is the stay-behind networks.
  So if we look at how our politicians are bought and paid for, how they're giving all of our taxpayer dollars to the Ukraine and to Israel and to all of these endless endeavors, you know, this book can really break down and give a lot of insight into how this was done.
   Alex, you've talked so many times about the drug wars and the gun running and all of these
  things can be directly tied back to the CIA.
   And obviously you're talking DARPA and the COVID, the COVID outbreak, all of these nefarious
   instruments that have been turned against the people that can only be successful if
  it's done under a covert level.
  So I think that, you know, I think more is known about the CIA today.
  And obviously with what James is doing today, bringing further light to it.
  So, you know, we're winning this information war.
  It's going to be probably an ugly process for a while, because again, they're not going to go down without a fight.
  But really you and Elon and Joe Rogan and Tucker Carlson are such loud voices in this fight that they really hadn't intended to be part of the equation.
  Well let me just add that because there's this ongoing thing for the left and right that I'm controlled.
  I'm controlled by me.
  I literally believe in humanity and my children and everybody's children together.
  I'm 100% real.
  Doesn't mean I don't make mistakes.
  No, they're not that powerful.
  We've just been asleep.
  We have all the power.
  People need to realize that.
  I know Joe Rogan.
  He's real.
  I know Tucker.
  He's real.
  And I see Elon coming over doing real things.
  What his actions are irrevocable, he's damaging them.
  That's real.
  Now maybe he's not perfect.
  I don't know.
  I can't judge him.
  I'm not him.
  But man, there's not just evil in the universe.
  Thomas Jefferson said, all that evil men and tyrants need to flourish is that good men do nothing.
  Well, good men are doing something now.
  No, you're exactly right, and their programs, their covert nature cannot be successful when there's tens of millions of people that are being reached on a daily basis.
   In addition, I'll make my last point and let Jake jump on, is the fact that their programs, whether it's the Trans Agenda, whether it's all of these programs that fly in the face of Of what's natural and what normal people think is natural is going to lead to more exposure, which again will ultimately lead to their downfall.
  They're on a war against logic and nature itself, how God designed it.
  Stay there.
  60-second break.
  We'll come back.
  Jake, your co-hosts finish up.
  We'll take a few more comments and then Jason Burmess takes over.
  Stay with us.
  He's got a comment, and then we're going to go to the next speaker as we ride shotgun into infinity right now.
  Go ahead, Jake.
  Well, thank you, Alex, for having me.
  I just wanted to start by quoting JFK when he talked about infiltration instead of invasion, subversions instead of elections, intimidation instead of free choice, and guerrillas by night instead of armies by day, and how we're seeing that take place.
  In the college campuses and the universities and that blends into what Yuri Besmanov talked about regarding the infiltration of the universities and the media in Hollywood and the demoralizing agenda of the ideological subversion of the Soviet Union and how they were going to bring the United States down from within.
  And how that blended into things like the destabilization and the crisis and then the normalization.
  And it's important, I think, to remember that these globalists, what I like to call less than one percenters, they think decades and centuries ahead.
  They plan decades and centuries ahead.
  And if we want to win, if we want to curb their plans and free humanity, we're going to have to start thinking decades and centuries ahead.
  And if we want to see the most successful strategies to stopping tyranny, we have to look at history and see the patterns of tyranny in history and how it is that things like non-compliance, civil disobedience, non-violent non-cooperation have diffused tyrannical systems.
  Because non-compliance with tyranny is the ultimate statement of freedom, because non-compliance suffocates the fire of tyranny.
  No one rules if no one complies.
  Well, very well said, brother.
  We really appreciate you.
  What do you think about the little prelude we've done to James O'Keefe at 5 p.m.
  Eastern today, dropping this bombshell exposing the CIA coup over America?
  Oh dude, I'm really looking forward to it.
  James always brings stuff to the table that is revelatory and exposes the corruption.
  So I'm looking forward to it and I admire him for his bravery of using his body cams or whatever to get people on camera saying things that they wish they hadn't said.
  Alright brother, thank you so much.
  Boy, is January 6th not coming out now, it's the Fed's erection.
  Who's up next?
  Let's go to Lala.
  Lala, let's give you another chance.
  Can you unmute yourself?
  Yes guys, thanks so much.
  So, I just, I love how Liz always paints such a clear picture of how we're basically facing a narcissistic relationship.
  With the CIA.
  So the fact is these people cannot change.
  They will not change.
  They have no ability to change.
  Which is why the fact that the minions are finally becoming aware.
  So the minions will no longer serve them.
  The flying monkeys are being scattered.
  That's great.
  But we still need to do a flip the switch on the AI.
  So we need to have fail-safe put right into our tech.
   so that no longer can the banks be compromised, our finances cannot be compromised in any way.
   So we need tech people on that part of it because it can't just be a movement.
   We also need technology in place that will protect our best interests
   and flip the switch on their coup on our finances, if that makes sense.
  Thanks for letting me speak guys.
  No, I agree with you.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  Alright, let's go next to Timothy Lassley.
  Timothy Lassley, go ahead.
  How's it going everybody?
  God bless America.
  And I just want to encourage everybody, I know I'm not doing my damnedest to encourage people to take the space that has taken.
  They're everywhere now.
  So now we have to deal with, we've got a lot of ground to make up.
   I don't know how it's Your connection is breaking up.
  We're going to go back to you in a moment and see if it reconnects, but I just want to say something.
  There is no mistake that right as AI rolls out and all this happens, they launch the communist revolution, the destabilization.
  This is the big new world order takeover.
  This is everything they got to throw at us.
  But if we're aware of that and don't get turned against each other and see their agenda, we're going to win, Chase.
  Yeah, I think so.
  And I think the key thing is the democratization of the technology.
  I don't like to use the word democratization because it's a leftist term.
  I don't like the concept of democracy altogether as an ideal form of government.
  But it needs to be decentralized, this technology.
   And anybody who's spent an hour looking into the history of open AI and Elon Musk will see a mega series of It's almost like a House of Cards, the TV series that was famous about the political scheming.
  That organization was originally designed as a non-profit, which was supposed to have open source artificial intelligence that everybody would be able to access, change, tweak, use, and manipulate.
  And then it got taken over by big tech, namely Microsoft.
  No, I agree.
  I've talked to top people.
  They say, listen, they're hiding it.
   since then they've shut everything down, they've locked everything up and things like
   Sora aren't being released to the public yet. This artificial general intelligence, I believe
   they came up with it and actually had it working about three to five years.
   No, I've talked to top people, they say, "Listen, they're hiding it, it's so powerful."
   Yeah, they're piecing out different, so it was ChachiGBT at first, and then it's going
   to be the voice stuff, and then it's going to be the video stuff.
  They're piecemeal releasing it to the public because they've been compromised by this big tech.
  And if we allow organizations like OpenAI, Google, or Microsoft to be the only ones who have access to use this technology, it'll be used on us instead of by us.
  And just like IBM set up Microsoft to get around antitrust, they act like, oh, we're not one company, but they're actually controlling the other companies.
  Exactly.
  And that's what they do.
  They come in, they drop a hundred million dollars or however many tens of millions of dollars, and they squeeze people like Elon Musk out and he's frantic.
  Or billions.
  Right back, billions, yep.
  And they develop this technology and then they lock it away in a vault and they use it against you without you even knowing it.
  I mean, it's criminal.
  And then they say, oh, it's too dangerous, no one can have the AI but us.
  Yeah.
  So it's like the Native Americans, they don't want them to have rifles, but they do.
  That's the self-righteousness.
  They believe, the political elites across the board believe this, not just the megacorporations, that they are so morally superior that they are not susceptible to the same weaknesses of all people, right?
  So this is a major theme in Lord of the Rings.
  Boromir thinks he can use the ring to save Gondor, and he thinks that he would, you know, he won't let it overcome him.
  Everybody thinks that they can hold the ring.
   But then when you actually See the CIA videos that are coming out today in a few hours.
  They're pathetic.
  Yes.
  It's just nothing but arrogant elitists.
  Yes.
  And I think that's really one of the main answers.
  One of the main things to learn, hubris is a concept that goes all the way back to King Lear.
  It's the pride that comes before the fall.
  One of the main lessons to learn from these people is not that they are worse than us, but that we are all equally capable of being terrible people.
  You have to fight the evil within just as much as you fight the New World Order without.
  Well, they also get a bunch of yes-men and women that'll do whatever they're told.
  So they get a group thing, a bunch of lawyers and a bunch of dumb people, and they've inherited all this power and technology humans developed.
  They just go, we're God, we rule, we're unstoppable, we're here!
  I'll just indict Trump, that'll get him, and it just backfires.
  And you can see them like crazy people, crazy clowns on PCP driving a thousand mile an hour bullet train over a cliff.
  Honestly, I would prefer that.
  That's a great visual right there.
  I'd rather vote for those people than the Mike Pompeo.
  Crazy clowns on PCP.
  Driving a thousand mile an hour bullet train.
  All right, we're going to end the spaces now.
  We can trail it out with Burmas the next 45 minutes.
  Jason Burmas, great political thinker, great talk show host, great filmmaker.
  Takes over right now in 45 minutes.
  Owen Schroeder starts the War Room at InfoWars.com forward slash show.
  We'll also repost it where Alex Jones will have feed to share with the video element as well.
  And then at 4 o'clock Central today, I'll be on as a guest with James O'Keefe when he drops the Moab of CIA coup against America.
  I know we've all gotten punch trucked and already knowing all this, but the public's about to find out.
  This is really big.
  Jason Bermas takes over right now.
  Thanks, Chase Geyser.
  Thanks, everybody that participated in The Spaces.
  Thank you, Alex.
  I really do appreciate it.
  We're going to be talking about the AI takeover and the infrastructure that is currently in place right now and being rolled out throughout all government agencies.
  So the Department of Health and Human Services recently got in line.
  And folks, this is it.
  This is chief AI officers across the board, across every government agency and within any corporate structure.
  Okay, and then they're going to be subject to audits of everything.
  Again, there'll be no privacy except for special exceptions, which we're going to get into, for companies that are working with the big exemptions.
  And what are those?
  Intel agencies and the Department of Defense.
   When you read through what was a memorandum that came out last month, here it is right here, The Executive Office of the President and how this is in line with the AI Act of 2020 and the Advancing American AI Act as well, which I think is in 2023, maybe 2024.
  This is building what we're going to get, the consumer level, the equity of outcome.
   In fact, in the Memorandum here from HHS.
  13 times you see equity, okay?
  All of this is about equitable outcomes and your safety, fairness, democracy, all the buzzwords they're giving you right now.
  But at an intelligence level, they will maintain all of the technology and not be subject to any accountability or any audits.
  This is the takeover.
   They've put it on paper and the infrastructures are being built as in new agencies, new bureaucracies outside the purview of any type of checks and balances, which was originally intended in our constitutional Republic.
  Now, before I dig deeper into this, also talk about Amazon Web Services, digital assistants that are now rolling out on the executive level, and then the consumer level, we're going to get our Q apps.
  I do want to emphasize that human beings aren't over, that we can have wins.
  Now, this has been the feel good story of the year for me.
   I continually say this, and I've got a video here where This is essentially the plan, or at least what they're trying to sell you on.
  Again, they're going to sell you on the best thing since breakfast.
  It's called Neom the Line.
  This is the utopia that they're trying to promise everybody.
  It failed miserably and I believe out of the hundred plus miles of this thing, of this imagination land plan that they tried to build, 1.65 of the miles were built and it had to be scrapped immediately.
   So here's What they're trying to sell you as an AI driven future.
  A revolution in civilization is taking place.
  Imagine a traditional city and consolidating its footprint, designing to protect and enhance nature.
  The Lions communities are organized in three dimensions within five minute walk neighborhoods.
  Travel end-to-end in 20 minutes.
  Designed by world-leading architects, the line is 500 meters tall, 200 meters wide, 170 kilometers long, and housed within an elegant mirror glass façade.
  The line is designed as a series of unique communities, providing equitable views and immediate access to the surrounding nature.
  At the heart of the globe's key trade routes, a place for commerce and communities to thrive.
  The Line, a city that delivers new wonders for the world.
  Now, again, there's some that, you know, it's the five minute walking distance cities.
  You're basically encapsulated in a glass prison.
  All right.
  That's what they want.
  But you notice it's nothing more than a computer simulation.
  It's not reality.
  And that'll really get us later into this virtual universe they want for us.
  Now, when we get into Amazon and AWS, I want people to check this out because I think it's pretty important.
  They now have Gen AI powered assistants.
  What does that mean?
   That means within the Amazon corporate structure, they are giving certain executives AI assistants that are going to weed out a lot of the fat within the corporate world.
  So many people again thought this AI thing was going to be self-driving trucks, it's going to put truckers and blue-collar people out of business.
  Oh no!
  A lot of you social climbing corporate political filth, you're going to get weeded out right now.
  Now, when you scroll down, you also realize that there are going to be QApps.
  All right, now that's the consumer level for us.
  That's what we're going to get.
  Now, when you look at this documentation, okay, and it's really important to understand, they're under a full audit.
  Full audit.
  So, let's put in the Department of Defense.
  Let's find that right there.
  I want that.
  Let's go.
  Right?
  We got to be Department of Exact Matches.
  There we go.
  The DoD, they are completely and totally exempt.
  AI use case inventory.
  So everybody else is going to be fully audited.
  They're going to have to be in line with ESG, you know, equitable, sustainable and governance regulations.
  So they're going to have the AI, the garbage in, garbage out AI, forcibly.
  And then any innovations they have, have to go to the Department of Defense and intelligence communities that are completely exempt.
  100%.
  And we haven't been able to audit them on any real level in decades.
  Decades.
  All right?
  Notice it says, reporting on AI use cases, not subject to inventory.
  Some AI use cases are not required to be individually inventories, such as those in the Department of Defense, or those sharing would be inconsistent with applicable law and government-wide policy.
   So, when you look at this again, in this techno-fascistic society we live in now, Google is not a company.
  It is an arm of the defense and intelligence agencies.
  It openly works with them on quantum computing and artificial intelligence.
  They have been homogenized, right?
  That's why, again, when you look at the Health and Human Services document right here, which is a large rehash of this, right?
   Again, equity, fairness, Privacy, transparency, accountability.
  Yeah, right.
  Reliability.
  Actually, in this document, they also talk about human capital.
  Let's type that in there.
  I spelled capital as in the capital.
  See, Jason?
  Human mistakes they want to take out with AI.
  There it is right there.
  It's mentioned three different times in the document, apparently.
  Advising the chief human capital officer.
  Again, they want chief artificial intelligence officers across the board for regulation within governments, within corporate structures, and also the human capital officer.
  Isn't that nice?
  We're worried about human capital.
  Here it is right here, data governance.
   In partnership with relevant agency officials, authorizing procurement, legal data governance, human capital, and oversight officials, establishing controls To ensure that their agency does not use AI that is not compliant with this memorandum, including by assisting the relevant agency officials in evaluating authorizations to operate based on risks from the use of AI.
  All this is going to be government controlled.
  You're going to have to have permission.
  And again, we'll just type it in.
  Climate crisis.
  They're going to be using AI to address these issues.
  Let's read this right here.
  Let's see.
  Where do I start?
  I guess we'll just start at the top.
  If implemented responsibly, AI can improve operations and deliver efficiencies across the federal government agencies.
  Must improve their ability to use AI in ways to benefit the public and increase mission effectiveness.
  And it's so funny.
   When you see some of the World Economic Forum rollouts, Automation and AI.
  It's cartoon level, but it shows you that if one person, and we'll get to it later, says or shows technology, they're a conspiracy theorist, they're not.
  If the World Economic Forum does it, well then obviously it's a good thing.
  You see how that works?
  All right?
  Right here, such as using AI to improve the accessibility of government services, reduce food insecurity.
  The government's worried about food insecurity?
  Has anybody seen the prices at the grocery stores right now?
  Address the climate crisis.
  Oh, I want AI doing that because when they talk about addressing the climate crisis, what does that mean?
  The regulation of all human behavior.
  Based in carbon, by the way.
  Meanwhile, the US military completely exempt from carbon emissions.
  Improve public health.
  Advance equitable outcomes.
  There it is again.
  Equitable outcomes.
  Not equality of opportunity.
  Equitable outcomes.
  Protect democracy and human rights.
  And grow economic competitiveness in a way that benefits people across the United States.
  Bullsnap at the end.
  Bullsnap.
   Now, Right now, globally, we have repackaged New World Order garbage in this techno-fascistic world with the Summit of the Future, all right?
  And Derek Brose has done a great article over at the Conscious Resistance.
  We have UN 2.0, where they're talking about all of this regulation, all right?
  And it's under the benevolence of the Earth.
   Yet again, the military-industrial complex, they don't care how much carbon is emitted from drones, from bombs, from death from above, from constant surveillance.
  That's not in the mix.
  That doesn't count.
  We don't talk about a pipeline that gets bombed and releases more carbon than natural events, right?
  In history, but again, the bombs are much worse.
  Just doesn't matter.
  With the bombs, it's kind of ironic that they're used to actually take out the carbon they don't want, aka human beings.
  That's it.
  So, right now, at every single angle, last week when I was doing the show, what were we talking about?
  Global health security.
  It's all repackaged authoritarianism.
  Now, we only have a couple minutes left in this segment.
  When we come back, we're going to play Herman Kahn.
   Now, Herman Kahn is an individual that Really helped create the World Economic Forum, the current Davos mechanism of this globalism.
  And he was one of several people that Stanley Kubrick knew and was basically the vision for Dr. Strangelove.
  Right?
  There were several characters.
  Khan was one of them.
  Khan's a really interesting character.
  He's also the person that came up with the term Mutually Assured Destruction.
  Now the clip that we're going to play as soon as we come back from the break is at the Hudson Institute.
  And we're talking about black and white.
  We're decades old.
  Three and a half minutes long.
  I don't think that I'm even going to do the whole pause and talk thing because it is so spot on.
  All the way through in a track trace database society that it actually takes it from not just the Internet of Things and that track trace, but the Internet of Bodies and the surveillance under the skin.
  And the involuntary drugging of populaces via the water and air supply.
  You're not going to want to miss it.
  Before we go on that break, I do want to encourage everybody to go hit InfoWarsStore.com.
  InfoWarsStore.com.
  Get yourself a book.
  Get yourself the supplements.
  I still supplement every single day.
  I'm not getting any younger folks.
  And by the way, when I was younger, I was still taking things like nitrous oxide.
  Things like turmeric in a concentrated form are very, very good for you.
  So there's a ton of products out there.
  Please support the InfoWars, the Alex Jones Show.
  We'll be back with more after this.
  Ultimate fish oil is not just a supplement, but a statement.
  Not only can Ultimate Fish Oil from InfoWarsStore.com help your heart, mind, and joints, but it keeps InfoWars on the air.
  Morning.
   is the engine of your life and Ultimate Fish Oil is the premium fuel it craves.
  Ultimate Fish Oil is your cognitive clarity captain.
   The DHA in this formula is a foundational stone for brain health.
  Ultimate Fish Oil is your joint health general.
  The soothing reduction in inflammation ensures you'll feel invincible in the InfoWar.
  InfoWars has never wavered from its mission and with Ultimate Fish Oil, neither will you.
  Step up to the plate, nourish your body, and nourish the fight for a future where the New World Order is defeated.
  Get it now at InfoWarsStore.com.
  And we are back.
  It's the fourth hour of the Alex Jones Show.
  I am Jason Bermas.
  You can check my stuff out over at patriot.tv and tntradio.live.
  I got three hours a day of yapping it up, mostly interviews, but a lot of news as well.
  And I promised you Herman Kahn and a prediction of the future many decades ago.
  So let's hit the clip.
  The Hudson Institute.
  In this 19th century mansion, they are looking for alternative futures, both utopian and dystopian.
  The end product of this think tank?
  Scenarios.
  Scripts for the 21st century.
  You know, let's admit that the affluence, the skill, the technology, will really make life better in all kinds of ways.
  But, you know, we also know these things go badly.
  Right.
   Okay, everybody's worried about The possibilities of, you know, various kinds of social controls and so on.
  What would the scenario be?
  Herman Kahn is director of the Institute, Tony Weiner his assistant.
  It has to involve the social controls coming into effect.
  How are we going to achieve a utopian peace in our cities, even without the bomb?
   as a result of some decision which seems to be very much in the general interest.
   There is no imposition by an evilly intended big brother.
   How are we going to achieve a utopian peace in our cities, even without the bomb? What is the scenario for a utopian
  peace?
   Take a black power movement, and one which really is trying to cause problems,
  to put sand in the gears.
  Right.
  And you've already set up a good deal of this social... watching.
  You know, you've got your TV cameras everywhere, you've got your data processing, everybody has his ID card, you've double-checked it, and now, all of a sudden, you've got these guys that are throwing sand in the gears, and you clamp down.
  That is, you keep track of every car, you keep track of every... This is easy to do.
  You keep track of, uh...
  10% or 100% of conversations occur on telephones.
  One could, with a computer capacity that will be available in the next couple of decades, one could easily record every phone conversation made.
  And then one could easily scan, mechanically, no human being could spend the centuries that would be required, one could scan every conversation looking for keywords that would identify the conversation as worth looking into a little further.
   So that, for example, Uh, one could begin with a naive set of words.
  Uh, kill, rob, murder, assassinate, plot, uh, conspire.
  You know, even more than that, you could, uh, you could imagine temporarily tranquilizing the whole city.
  You know, there's been the upset, the riots, you know, let's put trans carters either in the air or in the water.
  You know, just get people settled down a bit.
  I could imagine you could do preventive medicine going on in this kind of state.
  You know, where you really check up on everybody and see that they keep their drug levels right.
  Yes.
  In fact, the first thing you do when you go into work is they punch you and check your blood and see that the drug level is what it's supposed to be.
  So you'll buy the safety of your city at the expense of the privacy of individuals.
  And for most people, most of the time, the intrusion will not be the kind of thing they'd be conscious of.
  The intrusion would not be the kind of thing they'd be conscious of.
  That's a pretty powerful three-minute clip when you think about it.
  Think about this.
  They talk about keywords, right?
  That's something we saw come into fruition several decades ago.
  Promise, Carnivore, Keyword Software.
  Herman Kahn talks about monitoring 10 to 100% of the conversations.
  Hepting versus AT&T showed that they were damn near monitoring 100% of the conversations.
  And if you don't think that these things have gone beyond just phone calls with the microphones and that are, I mean, come on, give me a break.
  And the keyword stuff is still there.
   Then we have the audacity To say, we need to calm the population down a little bit.
  Now, last week, when I did the show, I believe it was last week, I played Howard Scott.
  And he is the founder of Technocracy.
  And he also advocated, uh, not for a drug to calm, calm, just calm it down!
  Might have an angrier world.
  Let's calm it down.
  No, no, no, no.
  He advocated for a drug to sterilize all mammals.
  In the water supply.
  All right, now.
  Con here, Eve Ritten, talks about what?
  Preventative medicines and checking one's blood levels.
  Punching them when they get to work.
  Don't even need to do that anymore with the biosensors and the Bluetooth technology.
  We've actually covered it here on this show.
  For those that don't know, Abilify is now part of the MySight line.
  The MySight technology, M-Y-C-I-T-E.
  is a technology in which they can check whether you took your medication.
  And Abilify is, you know, that antidepressant for when your antidepressants aren't working.
  You should take more of that.
  That's today.
  That's now.
  That's happening.
  It's a reality.
  Now, we talk about the sum of the future in UN 2.0.
   It is worth noting this is all Repackage New World Order Population Control Garbage.
  So we're not going to play the whole video, not even close to 30 minutes long, but this is the limits of... and it starts with a big scare piece.
   We're going to have We're going to have fun with the scariness of it.
  Because when you look at this Summit of the Future, this new treaty that they want to put out there, this new pact, it's just more Club of Rome, okay?
  Committee of 300 garbage.
  Garbajo!
  Dun!
  Public libraries!
  So it's going to have the book cover right here of The Limits of Growth.
  This is the old school.
  This is how you got it when you were my age.
  Come on, let's show the book cover.
  There it is, The Limits of Growth.
  And now let's cue the scary music and a bunch of crazy things that have gone on in world society.
  I think this is like 1973-ish.
  Not sure.
  The limits to growth.
  Here it is.
  Our riches and our numbers burden the world.
  We're bad.
  Humans are bad.
  People are bad.
  We're burdening the world.
  Cars are bad.
  You know how much carbon is emitted from rockets, guys?
  They always go to the space stuff.
  Continuously.
  If you remember the dramatic pictures taken by the Apollo flyers of the Earth, standing out in space all by itself, no one after seeing that could deny that the world is finite.
  Then it's impossible for people to go on saying we have an infinite supply of air, an infinite supply of water, an infinite supply of minerals.
  Man must... We actually do have that.
  We live in a regenerative system.
  Yes, no, that's real.
  We are a minuscule part on that giant globe you're watching.
   Learn to balance his activities in nature against the regenerative power of
   nature, or he is inevitably going to join
  the Tyrannosaurus in extinction.
  
  
  
  So again, industrialization bad, flying bad, people bad.
  If you just saw that big blue marble, yeah, very miniscule human populations.
  As we grow richer, there is rising concern about pollution, our ability to feed a growing population, and fears that we may run out of fuel and metals.
  No, we're not running out of fuel and metals.
  This is the original AI, by the way.
  There it is.
  There's the machine that told us we were going to destroy ourselves.
  We're going to play a little bit of that.
  Then we're going to play some WEF propaganda.
  Final segment of the Alex Jones Show coming up.
  Support InfoWars by going to InfoWarsStore.com right now and buying the products.
  We'll be back after this.
  I am Jason Burmess.
  Final segment of the Alex Jones Show.
  I am Jason Bermas.
  We're talking the limits to growth and the original AI god that demonized humanity.
  So without further ado, let's get back into this clip from that 30 plus minute documentary where the switches and wires here determined human beings bad.
  A computer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology has been used to look at these problems.
  To analyze, in broad terms, the direction in which our world is headed.
  Sponsored by a group of businessmen and academics, the Club of Rome, its conclusions are revolutionary.
  The most important lesson is that we're near the end of our development of society, which, you know, we've been going on for about 2,000 years.
  And we've reached levels of prosperity which carry the seeds of disruption.
  It's telling us that the world is in a completely unstable situation and is likely to fall to pieces if it doesn't stop growing.
  Let's put it bluntly.
  Our option is not between this kind of society, present society, and a stable state society.
  It is between a stable state society and chaos.
  Our progress is our end.
  Again, human beings bad.
  They were telling you then we were at the peak of technology.
  Now again, this is all about regulating us through the current technology and not empowering us with what they really have.
   And the current technology that's out there for the public All right, is not the technology that we just illustrated.
  The intelligence agencies and the Defense Department, the military-industrial complex that is helped to be run by these people, the academics, the billionaires, their mouthpieces, they will have access to it.
  We will not.
  In our progress is our end.
  I mean, they love the propaganda, they love the space stuff.
  That's a big theme of propaganda, by the way.
  The world is six billion years old.
  That is unimaginable.
  So think of it as a week.
   All through Sunday, and most of Monday, nothing much happens.
  
  All big bang garbage.
  Late Monday night, a cell divides.
  And that's the thing.
  They always ultimately take God out of the equation.
  And I'm not here to preach to you about what to believe, but our rights, they don't come from the state.
  They don't come from some global governance body.
  They don't come from the Club of Rome, from the World Health Organization, from the World Economic Forum, from the United Nations.
  No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
  They don't come from the White House.
  Our rights are inherent as human beings.
  Now again, they're trying to separate us from our humanity and push a lot of different types of automation.
  Now, I want to move on from this clip because I got a couple of Davos clips that I want to put out there.
  I think it's really important.
  This one right here is a clip of the robots that they want to infiltrate our education systems.
  Make this a little smaller, that way we can read the fun stuff that they have on here.
  And here we go.
  So, robots that could keep schools safe from COVID-19.
  Obviously, this was put out during the COVID-19-84 nightmare, but has much broader implications, okay?
   And So much of this surrounds the idea that we need to be protected from invisible enemies, whether it's viruses or carbon dioxide, the climate crisis, all things that we can't perceive with our senses.
  We have to rely on that academic class force.
  Oh, they're disinfecting.
  Notice that they have the light on them, right?
  They have UV light.
  Now, they say the UV light to scramble genetic material inside viruses.
  Now, Trump talked about UV light, right?
  And what did it turn into?
  He said, let's drink bleach.
  He's talking about this is a disinfectant.
  Now, the World Economic Forum does it brilliant.
  Let's have robots in the classroom!
  Trump says it.
  Again, you gotta be sympathetic to the guy in those type of cases.
  No, he wants you to drink bleach!
  
   So again, spooky robots, full, you know, surveillance, automated cars.
  Now, they do want the automated vehicles, but they already have a lot of these robotics, by the way.
  Here, right here.
  They've already put it in schools, but they have these, for instance, robot nurses in other countries.
  In fact, Dennis Bushnell of NASA was joking around that when they were using them in Japan 15 years ago, they liked them a lot better than the human nurses.
  Yucca, yucca, yucca.
  And Sophia, which is Grace's cousin, right?
  I think actually Grace, which is Sophia's cousin, actually runs on the blockchain.
  And is one of these AI robots.
  And guys, AI.
  It's not walking.
  It's not jogging anymore.
  It's running full force forward.
  It's moving into every arena.
  
  So again, this is about command and control.
  Scaring everybody.
  Quarantining people.
  Automating things.
  Putting health and human services into the hands of AI programmed by a corrupt class of people.
  That's what this is.
  Okay?
  Inequalities.
  I can't even believe they used the term inequality instead of equity.
  Hey, remember that when they made a bunch of little kids wear masks and tortured them all the time?
  Remember that?
  That wasn't so far long ago, was it?
  No.
  No, it wasn't.
  All right.
  Now, look, a large part of this is also the central bank digital currency.
  Why?
  Because it will be on the blockchain.
  When they're talking about human capital, they're also talking about economies and innovation.
  Right.
  They are trying to push a central bank digital currency.
  OK.
  You already have blockchain people through the World Economic Forum and IMF World Refugee Program.
  And this final clip that we're going to play today is at a World Economic Forum.
  I said forum twice.
  Shouldn't have done that.
  Talking about the central bank digital currency.
  And I think we didn't talk about yet, there are two ways on central bank digital currencies.
  One is the more the wholesale piece, so basically our interactions as a commercial bank with the central bank.
  And here I would say it makes a lot of sense.
  This is new technology coming in.
  We can talk about it, the advantages, disadvantages, but at the end it's an efficiency game and maybe it's a security game, makes a lot of sense.
  A completely different ballgame it is when you start to talk about the retail, you know, central bank digital currency.
  Not because it's digital.
  I can pay this digital with my mobile.
  It has nothing to do with central bank digital currency.
  But I think the fundamental change is the underlying business model is as I, as a retail customer, as a citizen, will have an account with the central bank.
  I don't have just an account with a commercial bank.
  I have it with the central bank, which has a lot of advantages for me.
  It's safe.
  It feels good.
  There are some challenges with this because the central bank is ultimately a public office.
  Commercial banks are under a commercial regime.
  Central banks are not under a commercial regime.
  What about interest rates on an account like that when things are going well?
  How does this look like?
  Numbers higher.
  They're not just looking into it.
  They want it.
  For command and control purposes.
  Again, no real backing.
  with somebody. So these are then the fundamental question.
   That's why I think it's excellent to see that 90 percent, 87 I think, central
   banks are looking into that. Numbers higher. They're not just looking into it,
   they want it for command and control purposes. Again, no real backing. You
   can talk about safety all day, but at a moment's notice you're debanked. All of a
   sudden you don't have anything.
  I know a lot of people want to believe cryptocurrency, Bitcoin, Ethereum.
  They address the situation.
  Look, there's a lot to navigate in the future, in the post-truth world that we live in today.
  And those AI regulations and barriers are now being put into place.
  I am Jason Burmess.
  I hope you check out all my stuff, including my documentary films, which are free of charge.
  Shade the Motion Picture, Invisible Empire, A New World Order, Defined, Fabled Enemies, and Loose Change Final Cut.
  Many of those produced right here at InfoWars.com.
  I was listening to Alex earlier today.
  A 50-50 shot.
  This thing doesn't last.
  60 more days?
  That's extremely upsetting.
  So go to InfoWarsStore.com, get the products, and if you can, just make a straight donation because this is a revolutionary operation and really in the times of deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
  We'll see you later.
  Let's go to Nurse Keith in Oregon.
  You're on the air.
  Welcome and thanks for holding.
  About an hour ago, you were kind of explaining to people about how the micronutrients and stuff that are available and different foods actually had an effect on... Let's be clear.
  There isn't long-term billion-year evolution.
  Not trying to brag, but I'm a board-certified wound care associate, which is not an easy certification.
  Yeah, it takes years.
   or computers have changed. There is innovation and humans do get ancestral
  memories from their ancestors. That's called instincts. Yes.
   Not trying to brag, but I'm a board-certified wound care associate, which is not an easy
   certification to get. It takes years. And it encompasses, you know, cardiology, endocrine,
   pulmonary, you name it. You've got to be good at all kinds of stuff.
  And let's face it, a lot of my doctors, they don't know anything about this stuff.
  It's my job as a nurse to figure it out.
   The average medical doctor gets two hours of college education on nutrition.
   So one of the things that I do is I'm looking for results and by using very good nutraceuticals
  and supplements and things like that.
  I can fix a problem.
  Just a real quick example.
  Let's say you have a really bad wound on your leg and you have diabetes and poor circulation.
   Well, I can order you a bottle of Nitric Boost, a bottle of Bezo Beets, and Get your ass up on a treadmill a little bit.
  And these things work better than any of the medication that we give.
  So I've got about 35,000 points because I gave these things away as gifts.
  Hold on, hold on.
  This is important.
  This is important, absolutely.
  Just iodine alone, it's essential.
  It means you die without it.
  They don't tell you most people are deficient.
  Two billion people have cognitive disabilities, the UN admits.
  That's what these concentrated plants and other compounds do.
   So you're saying you're taking care of people with wounds, one of the biggest Medical industry's out there.
  Super tough job.
  You're seeing with nutrition and also they need to not be sedentary, obviously.
  You're seeing massive effects, because I've actually read about this.
  I'm not an expert like you, but that there's massive problems because the doctors don't even say exercise or get out of the bed or take supplements that are good for your skin.
  And it's so simple.
  I mean, my wife takes supplements to have good hair and good nails, and it really works for her.
  I mean, this stuff works.
  It's the compounds.
  Tell people about some of the things you've witnessed.
  Alex, I would not have 35,000 patriot points if this stuff didn't work.
  I'm not into buying BS and I don't push BS.
   When I've got a complex wound and I see something that you guys sell that I know We can sell the stuff Walmart sells, synthetic stuff, and the bottle costs more than what they're selling.
  With us, these products, some of these products are costing us $30 a bottle, like DNA Force, okay?
  The stuff that you guys sell is legit.
   We can sell the stuff Walmart sells, synthetic stuff, and the bottle costs more than what
  they're selling.
   With us, these products, some of these products are costing us $30 a bottle, like DNA Force.
  Okay?
  I mean, so there's cost because it is the highest rated.
   If you're taking a nitrate, like you were talking about the nitrate boost, boom, that
  is going to vasodilate.
  So when you're vasodilated, yeah, you're going to be pitching a proper ten.
  The vasobeat does the exact same thing.
  But it also helps if I've got a person who's got really poor perfusion.
  And I just want to get their blood flow going so that I can keep this wound from going septic and actually get some granulation going.
  Or I could throw all the medications at it.
  It's not going to do a damn thing.
  The doctors see the patient for 10 minutes, write a prescription and say, OK, come back in 45 days.
  And it's my job to actually go figure it out.
  And so I use a lot of the stuff that you guys have.
  Thank you so much.
  And God bless you, Nurse Keith.
  We'll talk to you soon.
  Give his name and number.