While other networks lie to you about what's happening now, Infowars tells you the truth about what's happening next.
  Visit Infowars.com forward slash show and support the Infowars.
  InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's news today.
  The entire world is racing into the fourth turning and the greatest quickening our species has seen in 10,000 years of recorded history.
  You know you're in a war, right?
  And it's a declared war.
  The globalists have declared war on team humanity.
  They've declared war on the God that made us.
  It is not incredible.
  It is not heroic.
  It is not amazing to fight this.
  It is survival.
  This is the priority.
  This is the real world.
  This is game time.
  This is the crossroads of human destiny.
  Right now.
  And I see a bunch of other people not realizing how desperate the situation is!
  We need maximum urgency!
  We're up against the most evil people the world's ever seen!
  Don't you understand that?
  I don't want anybody to go out and be physically violent.
  I want you to kill with truth!
  Kill with your will!
  Kill!
  Kill their lies!
  Rising from the ashes of censorship, it's Alex Jones.
  All of us together are gonna lift the curse off of this country and we're gonna send the globalists to prison!
  The government fears Alex Jones.
  First they come for Alex Jones, and then they're gonna come for us.
  And they try to bankrupt Alex Jones or try to put Alex Jones in prison.
  The demonization of Alex Jones should be of profound interest to everybody all across the board, even progressives.
  Alex Jones was right.
  Alex Jones taught me about this shit 20 years ago.
  Listen!
  I don't know how all this is gonna end, but if they want to fight, they better believe they've got one!
  The Alex Jones Network is tomorrow's news today.
  It's Thursday, December 12th, 2024. 11.02 Central Standard Time.
  I'm coming to you from deep in the heart of Texas, broadcasting worldwide.
  We are 38 days, 23 hours, 57 minutes, 20 seconds.
  The inauguration of the 47th President of the United States, Donald John Trump.
  I am your host, Alex Jones.
  Alright, the news got released about 6 a.m.
  this morning.
  The big Time Magazine interview with Trump.
  And Time Magazine is legacy media and almost nobody reads it, but it's still prestigious who Time Man of the Year is.
  And of course, they debated, would it be Elon Musk or would it be Trump?
  And I think it's rightfully Trump, though.
  Musk is a very close second and who really cares?
  We're trying to stop World War III and continue human consciousness.
  And then I... Start reading the transcript, because they just released a transcript of the interview, and it's fabulous.
  And so I had a lot of other things I was going to cover today, and we still are, but this is not a video interview.
  They should have videoed it, get a billion views, probably stopped World War III from escalating into nuclear war.
  I'm tempted just to budget out an hour today to read the whole damn thing.
  It'll take, I read quick, an hour to read this.
  If I leave some time for commenting.
  This is really important.
  Because this is the guy about to be in charge of what's left of the free world.
  Just stunning.
  And then, I would expect, when I started searching hours later, that this would be the top story.
  And him being man of the year is one of the top stories, but not what he said.
  He said this is an insane escalation to get everybody killed.
  He said it's crazy to be bombing inside Russia.
  He said it's a horrible mistake.
  He said he was going to get a peace deal and stop this madness and spend the money to rebuild America.
  And it's just absolutely a breath of fresh air.
  It's like being held underwater for two minutes and you're drowning and you finally get oxygen.
  The world has been deep in a trance for a long time.
  And the satanic anti-human forces attempting to grasp full control of the collective unconscious of the human species have been...
  Trying to massage us and manipulate us and grease the skids of humanity to sleepwalk into thermonuclear hellfire Armageddon.
  Now you would think the global headline, since this news has been out for more than five hours since it was published, you would think the news of Trump The new leader of the free world pledging to stop World War III would be the top story.
  It's not.
  It's the establishment attacking Elon Musk.
  Because they know Musk is backing Trump.
  They want to undercut his support.
  Boy, the globalists have bigger enemies than Alex Jones.
  Remember, eight years ago, I was the big enemy.
  And General Flynn was the big enemy.
  Only a few...
  I mean, it was me and Flynn.
  We were number one, get them.
  That was all over the news.
  They're the big problem.
  Boy, you got a bigger problem now with Elon Musk being his...
  Brain.
  And then they said I was Trump's brain.
  That was never true.
  Flynn wasn't his brain either, but Flynn really had his ear.
  But they said that.
  They ought to keep Trump away from Alex Jones.
  Got to put all his advisors, Roger Stone, in prison.
  Roger Stone, 30 minutes.
  Big news.
  But Trump gives this Time Magazine interview.
  And he says, we've got to stop World War III. This is a total escalation.
  This is, quote, crazy.
  This is a big mistake.
  These are quotes.
  I'm going to go over them right here.
  And then I just love how the rocket scientist at time, because Trump would have done it, didn't bring a camera person and get the damn thing on video so it would get a billion views or more.
  Guaranteed.
  I mean, wherever got first posted would get a billion views.
  But that's dinosaur media.
  They have such problems.
  They're so stupid.
  Well, we're a newspaper.
  We're a magazine.
  We don't have video.
  But there's so many angles to this.
  We've been waiting since November 6th when he was the winner.
  For him to repeat and then expand on what he said the last time he talked about stopping nuclear war in World War III and the insane escalation in Pennsylvania on November 3rd.
  That was, I checked...
  Believe me, we were looking for the quotes in the video because it's important and it's been mega viral.
  And I turned over every rock and stone and for how many days has it been from November 3rd until now, December 12th.
  That's five weeks.
  For five weeks, we have not heard anything directly from the most important person in the world.
  In 39 days.
  And I knew, you know, I was quiet about the first week and the second week.
  I started saying, hey, we need to hear something.
  And so I made calls.
  No, he's there.
  His main focus is calling the world leaders and saying, have a ceasefire.
  Stop this now.
  I'm going to cut the funding, Zelensky.
  If you don't, we broke all that.
  And then weeks later, he did, through Johnson, cut the $24 billion a week ago.
  Exactly.
  And then the Democrats illegally, with a bunch of slush funds, pledged $52 billion.
  Now it's $50 billion, a new announcement two days ago.
  Before that, another $2 billion, they had scrolled away.
  So that's $52 billion.
  Total violation of the War Powers Act Constitution.
  So Trump is behind the scenes.
  He wanted to obviously...
  I mean, I knew this, but I confirmed it.
  He wanted to have big announcements.
  He wanted to have a big success, but...
  Five weeks later, 39 days later, he did an interview two days ago with Time, and they released it this morning.
  It's 5 a.m.
  Eastern, 6 a.m.
  Central.
  And you would think the headline everywhere is, Trump pledges to stop World War III, warns escalation of attacking deep inside Russia is crazy.
  These are quotes.
  Crazy.
  Yeah, crazy.
  That he's been briefed on the real number of dead, and it's way higher than what the public's been told.
  I mean, this is a full war.
  A proxy war between the West and Russia, the biggest nuclear powers in the world.
  But there's so many takeaways here that in the last few hours, I'm trying to think about what I would say about this on air.
  It's such an important thing that's happened.
  It's so informative and it tells you so much about Trump and who he really is.
  But I'm just going to start with this.
  And just go through the points here.
  Because this needs to be looked at.
  This is the big issue.
  This is numero uno.
  I don't think anybody can deny that.
  If you don't fix this problem, the other stuff, it's not going to matter because we're not going to be here.
  Or we're going to wish we were dead.
  Those that survive.
  So...
  Number one, not in importance, but just up front that needs to be seen in this all-important pantheon spectrum of information is people that spend all their time ignoring all the good things Trump does,
  that is 98% of what he does, in my analysis, at least from my perspective and well-researched, focused mind, Historically highly informed.
  Scientifically highly informed.
  Street smarts highly informed.
  As a generalist, I mean, I'm a super generalist.
  I have a lot of knowledge about everything.
  I wouldn't say I'm a total expert on anything.
  But you've got to have a wide spectrum of analysis and understanding in the world.
  Anybody that's informed and smart knows that.
  And the more you know, the more you don't know.
  And then you see people that have no idea about anything.
  And my God, what is it like to be them?
  So I don't say this to even criticize people.
  I say this to get people that live in a world of nothing but pure pessimism that I don't sit up here and expose the negative bad things in the world to depress you.
  I do it believing you're like me that you want to know the problems so you can fix them or mitigate them or stop them or reverse them and then make things better.
  I run a lot of different types of people, but it's usually broken into three groups.
  People just think nothing's wrong, nothing's going on, they're in La La Land, or they're, well, why are your show so depressing?
  Makes me want to kill myself.
  Or people that say, yeah, it's good to know all this information.
  We're actually fighting a lot of it and turning the tide, and we need to know the problems.
  I mean, in my own personal life or in my operation, the one thing that I'll fire somebody over is...
  Hiding bad news from me.
  I want it now.
  I want it the minute you find out about it.
  I don't want to sweep stuff under the rug.
  I don't want to live in La La Land.
  Because I'm not just an optimist.
  I know human history.
  I've experienced human life.
  I understand that there's a lot more good than evil in the world.
  And that if good is informed, and if good has the right information, it will kick the ass of evil every time.
  What did Thomas Jefferson say?
  What did so many other great statesmen say?
  All that evil men and tyrants need to flourish is that good men do nothing.
  So before I go into all the military angles of this and how the deep states can respond to him doing this and the rest of it, let me just say this to everybody.
  When I see my own crew, and I hire people I respect and I know are good people and that want to tell the truth and who are accurate, even though their perspectives may differ some from mine, I'm not trying to build a cult here.
  I don't load teleprompters and tell Harrison Smith or Owen Troyer what to say or what to do.
  A lot of times I watch them and go, man, they're right about that and they teach me something every day when I watch.
  But sometimes I'll go and say, wow, you spent an hour about how Trump did this wrong or that wrong or...
  That's great.
  Can you spend a couple hours on the good things he did so we can get behind those too?
  Because it becomes this purist thing, and I'm singling them out because they're great.
  I do this too.
  Because if we spend more time on where people that we know are good and are really trying to fight tyranny and promote a pro-human future, but we're such purists while we sit here And watch what they're doing and having no idea all the things they're dealing with or their perspective.
  It becomes something that holds us back.
  And I'm not saying don't ask questions.
  I'm not saying don't criticize.
  Damn right, do it.
  I've done plenty of criticism.
  And I'm going to do some of it coming up.
  Of what we face in the Trump administration.
  But that said...
  That's people that honestly...
  Get upset about things that they can Monday morning quarterback or with hindsight say could have done better.
  And all I'm saying is you have to have balance in that.
  It's really the enemies Trump has and what he's gone through and understand that the evil system really doesn't like it for a reason.
  So my main energy is keeping him alive, getting him in and backing the good things he does and exposing bad people's administration to cut the legs out from under him.
  But at the same time, I'm not going to sit there and get demoralized when I know he's swinging for the fences with everything he's got.
  And that the main focus has to be getting the agenda implemented, though the only thing perfect in this world is God.
  It's not going to be perfect when we implement this.
  And that's even if we're successful.
  What is success?
  We should talk about that.
  So I'm having a brainstorm here on air, but here's what I want to say.
  There is a subgroup of people that know the globalists are evil and the agenda's bad and the death cult's got to be dealt with, but they always want to just sit there while they're not in control of any policy and they're not getting attacked by the deep state.
  They're not in the arena.
  They're sitting back as critics, not from a leftist globalist death cult perspective, but a perspective of they're the best patriots.
  They've got all the answers and Trump's bad and Trump's not for real.
  And look at this and look at that.
  Demoralizing people.
  Into not getting behind what Trump's doing.
  When you look at all the evidence and all the facts and hold it together in one picture, you would be insane not to be behind Trump.
  You would be insane not to be behind Elon Musk.
  You'd have to have a death wish.
  It doesn't mean you don't expose bad things they do, but you can see that it is a separate, different worldview than the New World Order globalist death cult.
  And that's all I'm saying is, we got them coming down on us.
  We're in a total struggle for the future of humanity, and who's going to be in control of the levers of power?
  And we can argue all day about how Trump could have done something better or other policies you should have once we've got control.
  But until we've got control of this ship that's going towards the rocks fast, and until the ship's been turned around and we're not crashing onto the rocks at a million miles an hour, The obsession on second-guessing and bitching about Trump to prove you're the best and you're for real is sick and is mental illness.
  So for anybody out there, and you know who you are, that just lives to claim you're a patriot and you'd attack Trump all day, you're full of shit.
  We had no major wars under Trump.
  The world respected him.
  They basically ended the main problems at the VA that was the worst abusive system ever.
  It just goes on and on.
  He shut the border down 96% what it was under Obama.
  The human trafficking basically ended.
  I could go on for hours.
  Went from energy dependent to the number one energy exporter in the world within two years.
  On and on and on, good things.
  The Abraham Accords, on and on.
  The peace deals with North Korea, on and on.
  No expansion of conflict with Russia, China, on and on.
  Massive industry coming back to America, on and on.
  And so when Trump, behind the scenes, is trying to end the war, and we confirmed he was doing that, it's And got funding through Johnson.
  Cut.
  And that's what was my advice.
  I was like, have Johnson cut the damn funding.
  If Zelensky won't.
  And of course, that's a no-brainer to say that.
  And of course, that's what Trump was doing.
  And now he's come out and said, this is insane.
  This is crazy.
  This is going to start World War III. We need a peace deal.
  Both sides need to stop it.
  Both sides need to stop escalating.
  The U.S. government made a major mistake doing this.
  Whoever did it is crazy.
  That's real.
  That's against the globalists.
  That's sane.
  And so we should thank God for President Trump and pray for his safety.
  And we should get behind him stopping World War III. And to the people that can't look at how Trump is under massive bureaucratic, globalist, black rock, New World Order attack...
  You're going against your own self-preservation, not getting fully behind President Trump.
  And when you're behind him and with him, then as a population, you have way more influence than if you're really in line with George Soros and the globalists.
  Because this is like Elon Musk said and like I said and like many others have said.
  We're talking about a globalist project to collapse the world economy, to bring in full vertical integration for social engineering, to have a post-industrial world, and to cut off the food and fertilizer and depopulate the majority of the people.
  That is the...
  Trajectory we're on right now, NATO and their members have said, our new economy is a wartime economy the next 20 to 30 years.
  We're going to be at war with Russia.
  We're going to censor.
  We're going to control.
  We're going to ban opposition parties, just like they've done in Ukraine, and establish dictatorships, just like NATO just did in Romania.
  This week, canceled the election.
  Of an anti-war candidate that won the presidency.
  That's what we face.
  The resources cut off, total censorship, police state, open borders, open transgender pedophile attacks on our kids.
  And Russia is saying no to that agenda.
  That's why they're under attack.
  China, for all its evils, has rejected the whole leftist pedophile transgender agenda.
  China didn't take the mRNA shots.
  Their immune systems aren't erased.
  So, you say, well, Trump did warp speed.
  Yeah, he got pushed into it, tricked into it.
  He said, authorize all the medical stuff, including alternative treatments and everything else.
  And then he realized he got conned.
  Those recordings have been leaked with RFK Jr. And he puts in RFK, and they're going after the vaccine makers and exposing them.
  That's his, boy, I got set up, I was wrong.
  That's how Trump does it, is with action.
  Regardless, ladies and gentlemen, the Hotezes and the Fauci's and the Nobel Prize winner leftists are all saying, don't let him get in.
  Don't let RFK Jr. get in to the HHS. He's not going to do lockdowns the way we want next year that we guarantee are going to come crashing down on Trump's agenda to turn the world economy back on.
  Trump wants to turn the world economy back on.
  Trump doesn't want an austerity, you will eat the bugs, you'll own nothing and have nothing and be happy agenda.
  He wants prosperity and peace and freedom.
  He likes his kids, his grandkids, his hotels, his golf courses.
  He likes seeing Americans and others do well.
  He likes innovation.
  He's not a death cult member.
  He's not a scientific eugenics member.
  He's not in the transhumanist death cult system.
  That's why they don't like him.
  Is he perfect?
  Hell no, nobody is.
  But he's not in their cult.
  And their main attack now, because the establishment's totally discredited and falling apart, is to sit there and claim, oh no, Trump's really one of them.
  Yeah, right.
  That's why they tried to kill him twice.
  And now he's officially come out and said he's going to end the war.
  He's going to cut the funding, that it's insane, that it's crazy, that it's a dangerous escalation.
  That is the number one issue.
  And I salute President Trump.
  And he puts himself in incredible danger because you know they put pressure on him and threatened him to get on board.
  And you know they've come to him and said, work with us and we'll get behind you, but just give us our World War III. And then they'll turn around and stab him in the back.
  He knows that.
  He understands that's insane.
  So he's publicly, after 39 days of silence, action behind the scenes confirmed, cutting off the money to Ukraine through Congress, come out and said, I am going to stop World War III. I am vehemently opposed to Ukraine firing missiles deep into Russia.
  This is crazy.
  This is an insane escalation.
  These are quotes.
  I want peace.
  I don't want death.
  I want prosperity.
  And I'm going to come to Russia and Ukraine, and I'm going to put pressure on them both, and we're going to end this.
  And you watch.
  If he gets into office and is successful, and the globalists don't stage a big false flag to get full nuclear war going before then, it's going to happen.
  And then we're all just supposed to forget about Ukraine.
  So the same new world order can continue to start the next war, like Congressman Massey just came out.
  We got the clip coming up.
  And said the U.S. government is behind this with NATO, Israel, and Turkey.
  Well, I said that 10 days ago.
  You can look at the groups.
  They're all funded by NATO, Israel, and Turkey.
  Same group.
  Al-Qaeda.
  I was watching CNN earlier today, and they were like, oh, they're releasing the wonderful prisoners that are such good people out of Assad's horrible dungeons.
  And then they're Al-Qaeda members.
  They're celebrating Al-Qaeda.
  And...
  The Secretary of State and Congress yesterday going, yeah, we are funding Al-Qaeda and all these groups.
  They're not bad now.
  Here's the leader in Syria now.
  He used to be Al-Qaeda, but he's good now.
  Played you that clip Sunday.
  You turn on CNN, it's all you see.
  By the way, it was like 10.02.
  I was in the coffee room.
  I told the crew, I said, get me a clip.
  They were, quote, freeing the loving prisoners of Assad that hit them with chemical weapons.
  All that made up.
  It was confirmed at the time that it was the ISIS people launching the chemicals to cross the red line so Obama would invade.
  And so...
  They're now humanizing Al-Qaeda.
  This is insanity.
  So to all the people, to the left, to the Soros people, to the Antifa, to the fake right-wingers that say Trump's not for real, you're fucking idiots.
  Or you're paid to do that.
  You're going to see Trump in this war if they don't kill him before he gets in.
  And if they do kill Trump, which is a very, I mean, I expect to wake up one day or be driving in the car or sitting at the office, they go, hey, Trump's plane just went down, we're finding out what's going on, and you find out he's dead.
  And they never know what it was, though it'll be a bomb in the building or a missile.
  I mean, I pray that doesn't happen, but boy, all of you that weren't for Trump, if they kill him, it's on you.
  It's on you.
  Ladies and gentlemen, because of your support in the last 30 years, my operation has successfully devastated the globalists.
  The enemies of freedom worldwide openly give us the credit for being the genesis point for the mass global awakening to the new world order that is happening right now.
  So ladies and gentlemen, as we go into Christmas 2024, And the globalists are fighting as hard as they can to shut us down.
  I want to thank you for your past support and I want to encourage you now to support the broadcast while getting great products because we're winning.
  We're turning the tide and I don't want to give up.
  I don't want to back down.
  I know my most important work and my crew's most important work is still to come.
  The people of the planet are waking up.
  Now they're really ready to hear the truth.
  So I want to thank you all for your support.
  I want you all to have a fabulous Christmas coming up, and I want to encourage all of you to really think about what's happening around the world and ask yourselves, do we want to keep Alex Jones on the air, and do we want to get great products that enrich and empower our lives at the same time?
  Please go now to thealexjonesstore.com and get some of the very best products, some of the very best supplements, and a lot of fun stuff like an Alex Jones 2025 calendar or a limited edition 2024 Trump victory map or this little baby.
  Oh, the Trump victory.
  I want to thank you all for your past support.
  This victory you're seeing is because of you and you never backing down and never giving up.
  But now is the critical part of the fight and we need your support.
  Plus, these are great products.
  Please go to thealexjonesstore.com and keep us on the air.
  Well, ladies and gentlemen, I am so proud of President Trump and all he's gone through and the fact that we've had this great victory and the biggest comeback in history.
  There's been a lot of behind-the-scenes developments with the incoming Trump administration in just 38 days.
  And President Trump has come out now after 39 days of silence behind the scenes now confirmed.
  Trying to end the war in Ukraine, trying to get a ceasefire, getting Speaker Johnson to cut $24 billion of funding last week because Zelensky's refused to come to the table.
  Trump tried to negotiate with him.
  It came out in the news last weekend in Paris for the Notre Dame reopening.
  Zelensky said no.
  Well, the U.S. funds around 85% of this dangerous, evil war, this NATO war they started 14 years ago.
  And so Trump will be able to end it.
  And the media spends it like, oh, we're going to abandon Ukraine.
  No, the globalists triggered this war.
  Over a million people have died conservatively in it.
  And it's not abandoning Ukraine to get this war over.
  But that's how they hose all of this.
  So the big takeaway is President Trump pledges to stop World War III. Because as General Flynn said a few days ago, we're in World War III. The question is, will it go nuclear?
  And so President Trump pledges to end World War III and calls it a crazy escalation, a big mistake, and pledges to end the war.
  That's an answer to prayers.
  And the deep state will come after him even harder now.
  We've seen his new National Security Advisor, former Congressman Waltz, saying we need to de-escalate.
  We're going to put pressure on Ukraine.
  We're going to end the war.
  We saw Kellogg, though, as his foreign envoy to Ukraine, saying, oh, Trump might be behind these missiles.
  Missiles are a good thing.
  Trump came out and said, no, it's horrible.
  It's a big mistake.
  The Biden administration shouldn't have done that.
  That's crazy.
  And call for restraint from both sides.
  That is 100% a perfect statement and exactly what we needed.
  And it's huge.
  And you'd think it'd be the top story.
  It's not.
  Instead, it's this guy that shot the...
  He's admitted he shot the healthcare company head.
  So there's a debate about is he a hero or isn't he?
  I mean, this is...
  We're on the verge of nuclear war and we're hearing about this type of crap.
  So, Congressman Massey's pointed out that all these war escalations in Romania and Syria is NATO, is the deep state, is the CIA, is Israel.
  I told you that when it started 10 days ago.
  It's all admitted.
  Our government's putting al-Qaeda in Syria.
  I don't like Assad either, but you don't get rid of, you know...
  God, it's an angel compared to them and then put them in.
  So Roger Stone joins us to break this down and more and how we ensure there's a lot of good news with Senator Thune saying, no, we're going to confirm all of his nominees.
  That's the attitude we need.
  And all this Kavanaugh-ing and Clarence Thomas-ing stuff they're trying.
  We'll get details on that.
  We need to stop caring what the Democrats and corporate media say and stop even responding to them.
  They don't have power.
  They're repudiated.
  They don't have a mandate.
  They're a joke.
  We'll talk to Roger in a moment, but remember, the way we're on air to be able to expose them trying to roll out a new pandemic and stop them is this broadcast.
  The way we're able to promote Trump and get him in and make sure he's got the best people in there and be a watchdog in the administration is this broadcast.
  The way we stop World War III is supporting broadcasts like this one.
  So, do your Christmas shopping at thealexjonesstore.com.
  Thealexjonesstore.com.
  We have the very best supplements, the very best superfoods, the very best super gummies now in with concentrated 95% cuminoid and concentrated ginger and concentrated pepperdine that are amazing for inflammation and anti-cancer and incredible for your immune system.
  And they taste delicious and they're super concentrated, incredibly strong.
  The strongest formulas out there that we know of.
  And we've got the Ultimate Seamoss, and we've got all of it at thealexjonesstore.com, the Patriot Gear, and so much more at thealexjonesstore.com.
  And our other great sponsor, drjonesnaturals.com, with the top supplements you'll find, like Vitamin Mineral Fusion, the classic bestseller with all the vitamins, all the minerals, all the key concentrated herbs, the superfoods.
  It's incredible.
  It's 30% off at drjonesnaturals.com, and that's what keeps us on the air.
  Thank you for your support.
  That big victory for free speech and due process is you.
  Thank you for supporting us while getting great products at the same time.
  I wouldn't be able to do any of this without you.
  So thank you.
  Do your shopping with the patriots.
  You spent billions and billions so Trump could defeat, even though they got twice the money, Harris.
  It took hundreds of millions to put the lawyers in every district where the Democrats were going to try to steal it, and we mitigated a lot of the fraud, so we won.
  It has a big mandate, a landslide.
  It takes money to win wars.
  Build the patriot economy.
  Build the pro-human economy.
  Your word of mouth, your prayer, financial support.
  Support yourself by supporting people that have your values and will fight to the death for your values.
  That is the default position and the essence and the red blood and the oxygen of freedom.
  Roger Stone, stonezone.com, joins us today with massive inside baseball, huge developments, and more.
  But first, are you not more proud than ever of our comeback champion of the last 2,000 years?
  Hasn't been a comeback that good since then.
  That was an even bigger comeback.
  Rising from the dead, Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior.
  But I gotta tell you, as a man, this is the comeback...
  Story of modern history, and he's out there saying, I pledge to stop World War III, and the people bombing Russia are crazy, and I want to cease fire now.
  And I know you didn't want to talk about behind-the-scenes stuff.
  You have dinner and talk and hang out with Trump and go personally, you know, watch the fights with him and all the rest of it all the time.
  You live right by him, so you never want to talk about the inside baseball.
  But now we can talk about some of it.
  Roger Stone, let's talk about Trump pledging to end World War III, and anybody in behind him now is crazy.
  Alex, you're exactly right.
  This is very different than 2017. In 2017, Donald Trump was elected president coming from the world of business.
  And he admits himself, he said it several times, he didn't really understand completely how Washington And American politics works.
  And he thought, well, there's the Republicans there with me and the Democrats are my opponents.
  He never realized that's really not the division in Washington.
  It's really a division between the insiders, the globalist elite that up until Donald Trump took the Republican Party away from them, dominated both parties, and outsiders like Donald Trump who seek to reform a broken system.
  Now, he completely understands that, which is why in this presidential transition, he isn't just focused on who the cabinet members will be.
  He's also focused on who the assistant secretaries will be, who the deputy secretaries will be, who the head of these independent agencies will be.
  Who their underlings will be.
  So we're far more likely to get an administration that is America first, top to bottom.
  And that is going to be crucial for success.
  And Alex, everything you say is exactly true.
  He ran as the peace candidate.
  It's clear that the Biden administration and Antony Blinken is trying to hand him a world on fire.
  And you saw Blinken say, well, now that Trump is elected, we have to get every dollar we possibly can out the door to Ukraine, not realizing the American people essentially just voted against that.
  Now, this idea that we're abandoning Ukraine, no, Ukraine is in violation, we are in violation of two agreements that we signed, the Budapest Memorandum and the Minsk Accords, in which we agreed not to push Ukraine into NATO. We violated that by putting bioweapons labs on the ground in Ukraine.
  We violate it now by seeking to put missiles on the ground pointed at Russia.
  Those silos, by the way, are already built.
  We haven't dropped the missiles in.
  So this is a rush to try to finish Barack Obama's Master plan for chaos in the world, whether it's in the Middle East, where we have essentially refinanced and therefore rearmed Iran while they're this close to having nuclear weapons if they don't already have them,
  as well as this new provocation and escalation that we see going on in Ukraine.
  Trump is committed to ending both of these conflicts as quickly as he possibly can.
  And anyone below him in this administration doesn't understand this.
  Well, they're not going to be there very long.
  It's just such an epic moment in history.
  Obviously, Trump officially coming out again and saying, no, my policy's in World War III. Your policies are wrong.
  You shouldn't be bombing Russia.
  This is insane.
  This is dangerous.
  I'm going to cut the funding off the war.
  It's going to end.
  That's going to just further We antagonize, which is fine.
  We have to, you know, just put it on the table.
  The very dangerous deep state.
  And Putin has said he's worried that if Trump really does try to end the war, that he'll be killed.
  And so has Menyedyev.
  And I think those are accurate statements.
  Trump is not naive.
  He's never been naive.
  But now he's been through nine years of absolute deep state assault.
  That which doesn't kill you only makes you stronger.
  And so now he is beyond formidable.
  Just ideally trained by the real world here.
  But can you speak to how the bad guys are going to try to move against him and what we can do to get our peace president in power to stop this insanity?
  Alex, as we've talked about on your show many times, it's my greatest single concern.
  Normally, if you would say, look, I'm afraid that they will try to kill the president, you would say, well, that's a crazy conspiracy theory, except for they've already tried twice that we know of.
  And therefore, why would not those same dark elements try again?
  Just this past week, we had in the Congress a report on the Secret Service's failures in Butler, Pennsylvania.
  They're very hard to understand.
  I mean, you wonder how this is even possible.
  So the president's attitude on a personal level is one of extreme serenity.
  I really think he understands that the Lord spared his life in Butler, Pennsylvania.
  He understands that he was saved for a specific purpose, and that is to bring the greatest golden age of peace, prosperity, security, and justice in American history.
  He's deeply committed to that, and as I point out, he's hitting the ground running here.
  There is no learning curve like you had in 2017. He understands he needs a team of people around him who understand that their job is not to dilute or delay or derail his agenda for their own.
  Their job is to enact his agenda.
  And his agenda, I think, is pretty clear.
  Now, he also understands That is crucially important to hold on to the House of Representatives in the 2026 midterm elections.
  Otherwise, we'll be right back into the cycle of fake investigations and fake allegations against him.
  And the key to that, of course, is a boom economy.
  He understands this better than anyone.
  That's why he went to the New York Stock Exchange this morning.
  The first president to open the exchange since Ronald Reagan.
  Trump himself had done this once previously.
  He understands That a strong economy, which is anchored, of course, in turning on our oil and gas exploration and drilling again, is the key to triumphing in the midterm elections, which means you'll get four solid years of real reform.
  And as I said earlier, a golden age for America.
  Absolutely.
  We have to talk briefly because then I'm going to get into the appointments and I want to get into him making good on his incredible revolutionary promise to put in RFK Jr.'s HHS. The NIH nominee is super hardcore, probably even more hardcore than in form.
  They've been Robert F. Kennedy Jr. totally aware of Fauci and the poison shots and all of it.
  I mean, Trump is...
  Like Kennedy, and I've talked to folks in his camp, I'll leave it at that, very close to him.
  And to Kennedy, very close to him.
  And Trump's making good on everything.
  They're just blown away.
  It's like he's like, yep, we're going to find out what these shots are doing.
  We're going to find out about the chemicals.
  Trump came out and said, yeah, we've got to get the fluoride out of the water and other chemicals just last week, over the weekend, to NBC. I mean, he is born again hard, as they say in Full Metal Jacket.
  Yeah, I think that's exactly accurate, Alex.
  He and RFK have formed, I think, a very close personal bond, as well as an important political alliance.
  And the president wants answers.
  He's very simple.
  You saw when this woman on CNN tried to corner him about vaccinations.
  And he basically said to her, Why shouldn't we look into this?
  Don't you want to know the truth?
  I mean, I, Trump, am not saying all vaccinations are bad, but I think there are legitimate questions about what's in some of them.
  Why would we not want to know the truth?
  I want it all examined.
  I want it all looked at.
  I think that's a perfectly reasonable position.
  You know, Alex, that Big Pharma, which has a very powerful lobby in Washington, D.C., Big Pharma, which has donated heavily to all of these senators of both parties, they're scared to death about the idea of a Robert F. Kennedy Jr. looking over their shoulders,
  examining the process by which drugs are legalized and brought to market.
  Looking at the safety and the effectiveness of some of the drugs that are mandated.
  And also, just as importantly, looking at the quality of the food that they are giving us and the additives that are being put into our food.
  Trump is completely committed to this crusade.
  So he doesn't just want to make America great again.
  He really does want to make America healthy again.
  And this has opened the door, in my opinion, to a complete and total political realignment.
  In other words, Republican-Democrat is not the way to think about things, folks.
  The Cheneys, the McCains, the Kissingers, those people, the warmongers, those who favor censorship and the end of free speech, those who think that Big Pharma should just do whatever it wants as long as they're sending back campaign contributions— They have gravitated to the Democrat Party of Barack Obama.
  And I think everybody understands Kamala Harris is just a stand in for him.
  Meanwhile, common sense Democrats, independents, libertarians, free thinkers, anybody who will look at anything objectively has gravitated to the new Republican Party of Donald Trump.
  No longer the party of Wall Street, no longer the party of the financial elite, no longer the party of the country club, now fully the party of working people, the party of the working class, the party of the middle class.
  So this is a historic realignment.
  It's like the realignment in America that took place in 1932. Up till 1932, a majority of African Americans voted Republican because of Herbert Hoover's anemic response to the Great Depression.
  We had a complete realignment in which African Americans became the most reliable Democrat voter group.
  We're good to go.
  I mean, and Marr coming out last week and saying, look, the people running things were bad.
  They're about to kill us all.
  Let's just give Trump a chance because we're on the verge of killing ourselves.
  I mean, there's a self-preservation in people that have been serving the establishment.
  When they see the establishment's failing...
  We're good to go.
  Look, I think we're about to enter the age of Trump.
  I mean, the fact that they have put him on the cover and they've named him Man of the Year in Time magazine, the ultimate establishment mouthpiece tells you everything we need to know.
  I find, Alex, just when I go out in public, That there's a new optimism among people.
  There's an upbeat attitude among Americans that did not exist just a month ago.
  Oh, no, no, no.
  Most of the restaurants I used to go to since COVID either closed or nobody was ever in one of them.
  As soon as Trump won re-election, suddenly more traffic.
  All the stores are full.
  The restaurants are full.
  You can see it.
  And that's in consumer indexes.
  The best consumer confidence we've seen in like six, seven years is back.
  Well, and the stock market is not surging now because of the policies of Joe Biden.
  The stock market is predictive.
  They are always looking down the road.
  So I think people realize we're about to have a period of real, genuine prosperity and that this president is deeply committed to ending these conflicts and returning us to peace.
  So, yeah, I really think these establishment types Are capitulating, at least temporarily, because they realize the people have spoken and it wasn't close.
  It wasn't like this was a close call.
  This was a watershed election in which you see record numbers of African Americans, Hispanic Americans, younger Americans, Voting for Republican for the first time in many cases, this is in fact a realignment like that of 1932, like that of 1968. And depending on the great success that I think Trump is going to have,
  it could become a permanent realignment.
  Call it the common sense coalition.
  I totally agree, but we need to get his people in.
  Tulsi's so wonderful, so smart.
  You have all these deep staters, the same ones that signed the fake Russiagate documents and the Hunter Biden laptops, not real documents.
  The same people.
  That is an endorsement of her, that they're so scared of her.
  What's going on with Tulsi?
  Yeah, this is particularly aggravating to me.
  Here you have a woman who served her country in combat in both Iraq and Kuwait, who even today is a lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Army, where she still has reserve duties.
  And because she questions whether we should continue to ship billions of dollars to Ukraine, they question her patriotism.
  They question her loyalty to the United States.
  That is absolutely outrageous.
  You know, somebody asked me today, what do I want for Christmas?
  I'll tell you the first thing I want.
  How about suspending security clearance of the 51 so-called intelligence experts who lied to us and told us that Hunter Biden's laptop was Russian disinformation?
  Because you're right, Alex, those are the same people now who are casting questions about the patriotism and loyalty of Tulsi Gabbard, who frankly is one of the most inspiring communicators in public servants I've ever met.
  Incredible.
  Roger, you talked to the president quite a bit.
  As you said, he is serene.
  It's a different Trump.
  I mean, he is like beyond ice water now in his veins.
  And his interviews are even more powerful.
  His statements are just incredible.
  I watched that NBC interview.
  It was perfect.
  I mean, this Trump is incredible.
  I've never seen a 50-year-old man with this type of grasp of things, and the smartest ones I know.
  This 78-year-old man is something special.
  Plus, he has kept completely his sense of humor, saying, I met with the governor of Canada from the great state of, pardon me, the governor, Justin Trudeau, from the great state of Canada.
  I mean, this is comedy gold.
  This is hysterical.
  No other president would joke around like that.
  So he maintains his sense of humor.
  I love watching all these Canadians get their panties in a twist about what was clearly a joke.
  These people need to lighten up.
  There's nothing worse, by the way, than these fragile Canadian leftists.
  They have no sense of humor whatsoever.
  Well, it's a cult.
  They want to rule over their people.
  Canadians, on average, are great, and they're waking up, and Trudeau's a total tyrant, taking all the guns, and...
  Trump, we give him $100 billion in subsidies.
  He says, we're going to cut that.
  They go, we'll cut your oil and gas off.
  I looked at the numbers.
  We could just up the output in two weeks and that would hurt Canada.
  I don't think that should happen, but they're going to lose this trade war if it happens in the United States.
  Stonezone.com.
  Are you going to the inauguration on the 20th?
  I have every plan to be in the inauguration.
  This will be one of the greatest days of my life.
  Now, during the last inauguration, I woke up that morning, and there was a story on page one of the New York Times saying that I was one of three Trump associates under surveillance by the FBI for my contacts with Russia, of which I had none whatsoever.
  So I think this time will be much better.
  All right.
  People are trying to get me to go.
  Maybe I should go.
  I was there with you last time.
  You should go.
  We'll get you a top hat.
  It'd be great.
  This will be a day long remembered.
  Stonezone.com.
  Thank you, Roger.
  Thank you, Alex.
  All right.
  We have with huge breaking news in the third hour.
  Dr. David Martin, talk about smart.
  That guy's right up there at the top.
  Big news on that, but I want to get into this World War III details and Trump's pledge to stop it.
  I want to get into all this other news I haven't mentioned yet.
  Huge second hour.
  Please stay with us.
  Tell everybody you know and those you don't know.
  Tune in now to Real Alex Jones on X and M4Wars.com forward slash show and stations across the country.
  Christmas ornaments, drywall, and Jerry Epstein.
  Name three things that don't hang themselves.
  There are three things that don't hang themselves.
  Drywall, Christmas tree lights, and Jeffrey Epstein.
  Ladies and gentlemen, the globalists are in free fall.
  Their entire criminal operation is collapsing.
  Trump is officially going after the Biden administration for the criminal human trafficking and sex slavery.
  We're going to take control January 20th, and people are going to be held accountable.
  We're going to be very transparent.
  We're going to get behind.
  What did the United Nations have to do with the health border crisis?
  What NGOs were involved in this?
  We're going to be very transparent to the American people, and we're going to tell them the truth of what happened on this border.
  Again, by design.
  And so much more is happening.
  This is an exciting time.
  But the globalists are striking back.
  That's why it's important to keep our operation on air now more than ever.
  And we can't do it without you.
  So we make it easy.
  Go to thealexjohnestore.com and get the most amazing, widest selection of patriot apparel anywhere to spread the word, to meet like-minded people, and support the InfoWard.
  The folks at Bigly that power the alexjonesstore.com have come out with some amazing limited edition Christmas hoodies and sweaters.
  And I personally love this one.
  I'm not usually into wearing a shirt with myself on it, but this one's really cool.
  And the family and friends will have so much fun.
  It's a great conversation piece.
  And this will horrify.
  Leftists, and then maybe you can be friendly to them once they are up against the wall, shaking in fear, walking on the streets, saying, it's okay.
  Alex Jones doesn't bite, though it kind of does look like I'm Jaws coming up on the swimmer there.
  There's so many other great limited edition shirts, hoodies, sweaters right now.
  And then, of course, there's the Darth Sidious hoodies.
  Trump won, I'm afraid.
  While you're there, believe me, If you love our information, you're gonna love the supplements like Ultimate Sea Moss.
  That is the ultimate super food.
  It's the strongest, one of the strongest out there.
  We get it from a top supplier.
  It's private label.
  It is super strong, equivalent of 40 grams per serving.
  That's two capsules of sea moss with the very best organic iodine, the very best vitamin minerals.
  It's a super food of super foods for a reason.
  Get your Ultimate Sea Moss discounted and a lot more.
  On top of the current regular sales, There are sales on top of it of 30 to 40% off.
  Part of this Black Friday last week, all through Cyber Week right now for at least another week or so.
  So take advantage of the mega sales at the AlexSheldStore.com.
  And while you're getting some of the Christmas sweaters, Please try the Ultimate CMOS. The other supplements are great as well, but I know if you try this, the energy, the focus, the libido, the stamina, the tertiary immune system, I am so addicted to it.
  I'd heard about CMOS being a superfood, our CMOS namely, but the folks immediately say, you're recommending all these supplements and that's great.
  Kind of got your vitaminal fusion with electrolytes, that's hydroforce, and a great gut cleanse, and a great probiotic, and energy gummies, and sleep gummies.
  Those are all great, Mr. Jones, but those are great guys.
  They're so respectful.
  They're like, but have you looked at the CMOS? We've got one of the top suppliers that'll let us private label it.
  And I looked at it and was like, oh my God, this is the superfood other than maybe hemp.
  But it does other effects than him.
  So get your Irish CMOS and so much more right now at thealexjonesstore.com and everybody needs to be a VIP. You get $40 to spend in the store each month for being a member for $30.
  So if you're going to support, you got to do that.
  And you get other special deals, other free gifts and so much more.
  So go to thealexjonesstore.com forward slash VIP or click on the red link at the top and become a VIP member.
  Cancel any time.
  Thank you so much for your support.
  It's an exciting time to be alive.
  Pretty dangerous for me and Trump, but we wouldn't be anywhere else.
  Thanks for keeping me and President Trump with the fight.
  God bless and good luck.
  Oh, and I almost forgot.
  Merry, Merry Christmas to everybody.
  That's so triggering to the left, but I also love Christmas.
  And a Happy New Year with President Trump about to come into office.
  Alright, here's what's going on.
  Last night, I did about three hours of research.
  I was laying there in bed.
  I only slept...
  Three hours, Tuesday night, because I've been watching the hearing on the fate of Infowars that we won.
  I've got some updates on that today.
  It's important.
  And I only slept about three hours, so I wanted to go to bed early, so I got in bed about 10 o'clock.
  And I just said, you know, there's now thousands of new sightings.
  I don't mean thousands of people.
  I mean, millions see it.
  Especially over cities.
  But I mean, thousands of new events every day.
  And I said, I've got to do more research on this.
  I mean, I know what's going on.
  I understand it.
  But it's escalated so much.
  I mean, 100,000%.
  I mean, it's just in just the last month.
  And it's getting worse every day.
  And the craft are so varied.
  This is a big deal.
  And so I did three hours of research.
  It was about 1.30 in the morning.
  I'm sitting at my desk, and I sent the crew over 50 videos, more than 30 articles.
  I've got a giant stack over here.
  And then I get up, and Trump's saying, we need to stop World War III, so I get focused on that.
  And I need to go through all the angles of that.
  I've only scratched the surface, and then I've got all this other news.
  Ugh.
  I don't do this on air because I'm like, it's like a thing I do where I go, well, I don't know what to cover.
  A lot of you have been watching for decades.
  I didn't used to do this.
  I have, I guess because I'm 50, it's not that my brain doesn't work well.
  It's just that even 10 years ago, I mean, I know what it is.
  There wasn't thousands of crazy UFOs flying around everywhere.
  Every day, all over the world.
  And a lot of them you can see are government corporate craft.
  Some of them are extremely advanced and some of them are flying around at Mach 10. And you've got confirmed real videos of people driving in traffic in LA and then some little spacecraft flies by them at 300 miles an hour that's only like a foot long and a half foot tall.
  I mean, and...
  This stuff isn't AI. These are from police cameras, Air Force cameras, city cameras, people's doorbells, and then you'll have one where thousands of doorbells and thousands of cameras will say, look at this, over this town in New Jersey,
  and it's like thousands of videos.
  It's not fake.
  I mean, there's people putting out fake stuff.
  You can always see that.
  It's ridiculous.
  So...
  Look, I'm not failing here.
  No one could even deal with something this insane.
  I don't know what I'm supposed to do at this point.
  I mean, how do I condense decades of research and then three hours more last night I mean, these clips, there's new clips all over the US of them getting shot down and blowing up.
  I just sent you another one during the break.
  Oh my God.
  It's not that I even need a vacation.
  I don't want a vacation from reality.
  It's that I understand sometimes when I take a pause for a week, which is rare, that I then get a lot of clarity.
  Because it's not that I don't know what's going on.
  I know so much, it's hard to describe the complexity of it properly so people can get it.
  But let me just say this.
  And I don't think you need me to tell you this.
  This is a harbinger of massive change.
  We are not living in Kansas right now.
  And we ain't ever going to live there again.
  We are in...
  Alright, here's what I'm going to do.
  We have Dr. David Martin with massive...
  Breaking news on the whole globalist plan for new lockdowns, new pandemics, and forced depopulation, which is one of their main tracks to stop the populist revolution, the great awakening against the great reset.
  He'll be on next hour.
  My frustration is, all of these stacks of news and big story angles, societally, as we try to decentralize information to get people to really understand what's going on, Are very complex,
  extremely detailed, and important.
  And my frustration is, I could take one of these topics today and do five hours on it commercial-free, and to really get into the guts of it.
  Or I can just do summations of what I see happening and going on.
  And I more and more realize I need to do the summations, point people at some homework if you want to go check out and see what I'm saying is true.
  I have a tendency to want to do deep dives on everything, but you can't do deep dives seven, eight hours a day of research and then condense that down And then give everybody every facet.
  And it's like Morpheus tells Neo at the beginning of the first Matrix movie.
  He goes, what is the Matrix?
  Morpheus says, you cannot be told about it.
  All right.
  And by the way, all I'm offering is the truth.
  So you take the red pill.
  I'll show you what it is.
  You'll see it for yourself.
  If you don't, you'll go back to Wonderland.
  You'll take the blue pill.
  You'll go back to the fantasy land you're in.
  And that's a whole other subject is the matrix.
  The matrix is real.
  Now, if you're tuning in right now and you say, well, what does that mean?
  You mean the movie?
  The movie is a metaphor or kind of a snapshot or typally of it.
  But we live in a matrix.
  Not the type of matrix they have in that film.
  Though that film is an adaptation of a long-term ARPA-DARPA project that I first saw referenced in documents from 1954 that went from theoretical to the beginning of operational long-term planning to deploy a system very similar to To what you see in the Matrix.
  So that is a ARPA, DARPA theoretical plan for a new civilization.
  And then now you saw it in the last few years.
  Oh, a bed you sleep in and it powers your internet off your heat.
  You're the battery.
  And oh, you can't leave your house.
  The new future, carbon lockdowns, robots will deliver you food.
  They're just isolating you and getting you ready to be killed.
  So...
  It was proposed to use this as batteries.
  And this is a theoretical plan.
  Would you like me to tell you the name of the papers?
  It's a good place for you to start.
  You know, maybe start in 1960. First time they published any of it to the wider government.
  It was still restricted.
  The Intergalactic Communication System.
  Just look that up.
  That's a good place to start.
  That's a keyhole into the And then there's another video report I saw that, you know, we've been aware of this for a long time, but I've just read the articles on air and I've seen these news reports before,
  but I saw this morning when I got up at 5.30 in the morning.
  I took a shower and got dressed and went and got some coffee and punched up my desktop and was going through comments and things looking for, you know, news I hadn't seen.
  And I saw a report about organic brain robots, where it's just human brain tissue, animal brain tissue, mammals, main thing they're focusing on, but they've got fish brains, lizard brains, everything.
  And how you can go online right now and pay and dial in and then run your computer operations off of brain computers that use brain matter.
  And of course, it works better than AI, of course.
  It uses a lot less energy as well, and it learns better than silicon.
  And see, then the top of my head blew off this morning while I was sitting there cooking my 70-year-old breakfast when she got up at 6.30.
  And I already knew 95% of it, but it was an epiphany.
  And it was one of those moments where it's definitely not me, because I've been trained by it, that it goes, this is not you, let me show you.
  And I explain that to people and say, angel, God, it's from God.
  And I was sitting there being told, well, you already know this, you already know that, this is this, this is how that works, this is what's going on, here's the master plan.
  By the way, you've been told this repeatedly, and you need to do this.
  And I'm sitting there flipping the eggs, cutting up the strawberries.
  My daughter sings and plays with Elf on a Shelf and her little Trump on a Stump by the Christmas tree 10 feet away.
  And I'm just like...
  And I'm supposed to go explain this?
  And it's just like every company's like...
  For about 20 minutes.
  And I just feel like I need to go to the mountains or something.
  And that's what the ancients did when they got these downloads.
  It's like, I gotta go away for a month.
  Because this is happening so much now.
  And again, if I laid all this out, you're like, well, yeah, we know that.
  We know this.
  It's next level, though.
  I mean, I was shown just...
  And I know when I get shown this stuff, it's true.
  So this morning at about 6.30, I got next level info.
  The whole battle plan, what they're going to do, how they're going to set it up, how the universe actually works in the third dimension, how we're supposed to operate, how we're supposed to transcend, call it evolve,
  but it just means...
  Elevate or expand.
  We didn't third dimension elevate, but it just means expand consciousness.
  And then be able to process and deal with multi-dimensional, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, infinity orders.
  It's just simple things.
  Simple compared to the rest of it, like Genesis.
  Genesis.
  Go to the King James Version.
  So I've got the iPad out while I'm plating eggs and strawberries.
  And, okay, now go look the Greek up or go look the Aramaic up.
And it's like, oh, it's going to say, you know, I made you in my image. 
  God's saying I made you in my image.
  Well, then look what that image means in the Greek or in the Hebrew or in the Aramaic.
  I'm like, let me guess what it's going to mean.
  It's going to mean the potential, the matrix.
  And by matrix, I don't mean a matrix like the Matrix movie.
  It's the blueprint.
  Or the matrix of a house cat and how it then mates with another house cat and makes another house cat splicing those two matrix designs together and how that is a past model with the instincts of the third dimension compressed in the epigenetic memories and then with the higher dimension overlays bleeding in Affecting
  interdimensionally the expression of that matrix.
  And then the thought came to mind, it's like having a photo of a Bengal tiger is not a Bengal tiger.
  Or you are made in the image of God.
  So God made you.
  And You have this information that God put in you, but it's meant to roll out over generations in an endless time, but to God there is no time.
  So us currently in this little blip of a moment in infinity, because there is no past, present, or future, it's all just one moment, the perception is it's moving slowly, but it's not moving slowly.
  And that's just a perception.
  And so that's how it is good.
  God said, I looked upon this and it was good.
  And looked upon that and it was bad.
  And there's the way God designed it to work that's perfect.
  Perfect balance, harmony, perfection, eternal.
  Free will.
  Discovery.
  I mean, you want to just live forever and be totally sentient and have all the knowledge, and then you don't create free will, you don't create expansion, you don't create diversity, you don't create life?
  That'd be boring.
  And so for us, in this great adventure God's laid out for us, it's going to get more and more amazing, more and more incredible.
  And don't you see how that's perfect?
  And the challenges?
  What you just want to be eternal being and float around?
  But because you're an eternal being, you can choose to deviate from that and try to build your own universe.
  So you can go get some human brains, baby brains, cow brains, whatever.
  They supposedly aren't connected.
  They can grow human brains in a petri dish.
  It doesn't have any, quote, memories.
  It's a bunch of neurons together.
  They don't know how it supposedly works.
  But then they just put these brains in and then plug electrodes into them and suddenly it just starts learning things and doing things and suddenly it knows how to play video games.
  They just plug wires in and start pumping a video game to it and come back in a week and it's playing video games.
  You can plug, you know, Steve Madden's NFL into it.
  Come back in a month, it's scoring touchdowns.
  And then we're sitting here messing around with all of this and the people that are doing this say, well, we don't believe in God, but we're about to be gods.
  Oh, yeah.
  Yeah.
  What you are is like a lobotomized monkey in a ammunition factory running around with a flamethrower.
  This is an awesome responsibility.
  And then you look at people that serve the evil, you look at people that love the devil, you look at people that go along with this thing, and they're arrogant, and they're nihilistic, and they're selfish, and they physically look horrible, and they're unhappy, and everything that comes out of them is death,
  they're wake.
  It's just betrayal and ugliness, and it is not good.
  It doesn't work because it's not from the Creator.
  So we need to figure out about the Creator and what the Creator wants.
  We need to figure out what the plan is and how we get with the program.
  How we do what the boss wants that made us and gave us all this power.
  But humans are like spoiled rotten teenagers that think their parents don't know anything.
  Well imagine that to infinity.
  And so we look at the globalists who are in control.
  They look like gremlins.
  They act like gremlins.
  You recoil from them.
  And then their actions are horrible.
  And their fruits are pure death.
  And you go, well, why are they in control?
  Because they're willing to go against God and cheat at this level.
  But they then preclude themselves from progressing to the next one.
  They're the losers.
  They look like losers.
  They act like losers.
  They are losers.
  So don't sit back and see them winning and think, oh man, I'm on the wrong team.
  No one is more miserable than these people.
  So, we're made in the image of God.
  Meaning, we are a blueprint God made for something even greater.
  We're a seed.
  And God is saying, I am a seed.
  I am eternal.
  I regenerate.
  I am life.
  I am creation.
  I am beauty.
  I am honor.
  I am strength.
  I am expansion.
  I am trailblazing.
  I am maverick.
  I am everything.
  All time.
  All space.
  All dimensions.
  And you have been made by me to experience this with me.
  And if you do not follow what I have set up, you cannot be with me because I cannot be with that which is not me.
  You either go with God at God's speed Or you're not traveling through God's mind and you are outside of that and you see everything that's trying to be outside of it and pulling away from it and what does it do?
  Degenerates, falls, rots, burns, destroys everything around it because it isn't God.
  It can't even fathom the first subatomic particle that is a shadow of a shadow of a shadow of one spark of God's mind.
  And look, that's why the...
  The scientists, of course, are older.
  We don't believe in God, but something made us, and it's oppressing us, and it did make this, and this is a simulation.
  This isn't real.
  You're probably just a Petri dish somewhere with an electrode hooked in your brain, and you're like this brain we have.
  We're like God now.
  These brains we've created that think they're butterflies, we feed them a butterfly program.
  We've got butterflies that are actually digital inside this organic...
  And we're like gods now.
  That's what they say in these reports.
  No, you got it backwards, and that's too simple a way to say it.
  Because all the theoretical things you see is just one little level of this.
  Most people came and grasped third dimension.
  We are energetic spiritual beings interfacing with a third dimensional manifestation modality That is our bodies.
  That itself is a composite organism of the third dimension with the compressed memory and experiences of this system.
  And so you think about, oh, this organic brain computer is being programmed by just raw data.
  Just, oh, just...
  How a butterfly moves, and then it teaches itself, and then they're saying, oh, we must really be in a laboratory somewhere.
  No, we are multidimensional consciousness experiencing the third dimension of raw matter, dead matter, Unconscious matter,
  and we are ourselves absorbing it and mining it and organizing it into God's plan.
  We are the terraforming creatures.
  We are terraforming the third dimension and creating ever more beautiful, advanced, wild systems.
  That's what life is.
  And so it's not that we're an organic brain, a petri dish, imagining all of this third dimension.
  We are the more advanced, to use a human term, complex system expanding into this dimension.
  Mining this dimension.
  And then, through science and computer modeling, we break through and get a small taste of what's already happening in our minds that are just the interface to our spirit that is our larger interdimensional being and consciousness.
  And then people see the order to all of it and then say...
  We're now going to build something new here ourselves, not realizing it's God working through us, and then say, we don't believe in a creator, but we now, like babies, are going to start building things, and we're going to become gods.
  Well, that's what the devil said.
  Don't you know you're a god?
  You don't need to follow the god that made you.
  You can just be your own god now.
  But every time you go on that path, the people that make that decision, do they ever go, wow, this is really a great system God created.
  Let's work with this.
  No, it always has to be something else.
  It always has to be ugly and gross and destructive and doesn't work and falls apart.
  And what does it do?
  It kills life.
  See, God creates the system that generates life, and death is just a byproduct of life.
  It's not life and death.
  It's there's life.
  There was things before life.
  Inanimate objects, no consciousness, no self-directed development.
  So there's nothingness, chaos, then there's life, and then it goes through permutations in its different designs and cycles, and then creates more life, the same life,
  expanding, advancing, growing.
  And then in comes the cancer, in comes the program, in comes the hack, and what does it do every time?
  Evil gets in control.
  It promises people Godhood.
  It promises them all this power.
  It promises them fast-track to being God.
  And then it starts destroying everything and goes right at the heart of regeneration.
  Women, men, children are attacking our very genetic code.
  What are they doing?
  Attacking the Genesis program.
  Attacking the seed.
  Attacking the spark.
  Attacking the wavelength.
  Attacking the life force.
  Attacking the eternal nature of our third dimensional manifestation.
  But that's why God says, don't fear those that can kill your body, but those that can kill your soul.
  Because that's all this malfunctioning gremlin force can do is try to cut up our third dimensional extension.
  They don't get to the real thing unless they can trick you in thinking it's in charge and you can give it its free will and this little demonic gremlin that decided to stay down here and do all this gets to suck down a mighty giant God created into its mouth.
  Got it?
  We'll be right back.
  Ladies and gentlemen, my fellow patriots, it's December 2024, and that means it's Christmas at Infowars.
  And our big present, President Trump, about to be in office in just a few weeks.
  Now, let me show you some of the amazing designs that are limited edition right now at thealexjonesstore.com.
  Talk about fun.
  Talk about a conversation piece.
  Talk about a way to trigger liberals and find fellow patriots on the street.
  Now, out of the hundreds of amazing designs at thealexjonesstore.com, I knew this would be popular.
  It turns out it is one of the top five bestsellers.
  Trump 2024. Better coverage than Verizon.
  Can you hear us now?
  And TheOliveShowStore.com has brought back a fan favorite.
  We haven't had this shirt for five, six, seven years.
  It's the classic Infowars because there's a war on for your mind.
  And then we've got the alchemy of the deadly chemical accuracy bending our genders and the frogs' genders.
  The frogs go through the prism and they come out, well, you know the rest of the story.
  And who can forget the chart that saved President Trump's life?
  In Butler, Pennsylvania, when he turned his head on the right wing of the chart.
  Everybody's got to get one of these.
  I predict it'll be a bestseller.
  Donald Trump reborn as a Jack Daniels bottle.
  This is going to be a bestseller as well.
  If you're blown away by these designs, this is just a few others.
  There's over 200 designs right now at theallshowstore.com.
  Get them, spread the word, and keep us on the air.
  God bless you all.
  Have a wonderful Christmas.
  Ho!
  Merry Christmas!
  All right.
  I just scratched the surface of the surface in the last 30 minutes.
  And that's exactly what I'm talking about.
  I could talk for 10 hours.
  I could write a huge 500-page book just to get the basics out of what we know.
  And the establishment that's losing power right now, as evil always does, Is desperate for you not to know this stuff.
  And believe me, none of them are atheists.
  None of them believe any of the crap they try to teach their minions.
  They want people stupid in the dark.
  They are obsessed with what I'm talking about.
  And they all basically believe exactly as I believe.
  They just think I'm wrong to not join them in this Race towards becoming a god.
  They all say it.
  King Charles, Yvaldo Harari, Klaus Schwab, all of them.
  Ray Kurzweil.
  Oh, I don't believe in god yet.
  I'm gonna be a god.
  You say that in the middle of this endless universe with all this wonder around you.
  Totally spectacular.
  And we are interfacing with the infinite.
  And then you arrogantly declare yourself a god.
  And then they work around the clock to poison us and dumb us down and kill us and feed us disinformation, literally and figuratively.
  That's what bad poison food is, bad information.
  So that we're poisoned and stunned so they can rule over us.
  That doesn't sound like a god to me.
  Your God is an asshole.
  And that's putting it lightly.
  That doesn't sound like a God to me at all, does it to you?
  No, I think God sounds like what God is.
  Look around you.
  And this isn't anything.
  This is a baby that can't even crawl yet, wiggling around on the carpet.
  Let me just do this.
  Let me just sum up some of the big stuff going on and just get into the news.
  I just cannot fathom.
  I know why they do it.
  I mean, I understand it intellectually and spiritually.
  I know why they do it.
  I mean, I can understand why they think they do it.
  But if you knew this, if you could grasp any of this, just a tiny bit of it, spiritually, that means in yourselves, in who you are, it is suicide eternally.
  Not surrendering to God.
  A baby doesn't need to know to surrender to its mother.
  It came out of her.
  And so those of you serving the spirit of death are beyond my comprehension.
  And that's because I am more and more further distant from you.
  I am almost free from these people having any effect on me.
  And it's strange because it feels like a part of me is dying.
  But the part of me that's still there is infinitely bigger and better.
  But I don't even have a nostalgia for the enemy mind virus, the final pieces of it peeling off my hull.
  I just look back nostalgically to the people we couldn't save.
  I don't know how anybody With two brain cells working, could not look at Chuckie Schumer and say, that is not what we want to be.
  That is a human completely turned over to evil.
  A bunch of self-appointed people that say the first thing we gotta do is act like God to be gods.
  And God decides who lives and God decides who dies.
  So let's dumb everybody down and poison them so we can make sure they never struggle free from us and let's lie to them as much as we can and then let's suck off of them and then let's kill them because that makes us feel powerful.
  You...
  Think that's what God does.
  Hmm.
  Okay.
  So, everything else we have here is just a symptom of that.
  And let me bring this back and then I'll get into the news.
  I mean, I haven't plotted it out because I have to go see the numbers, but you can see it just for yourself.
  And I don't think any human or even AI knows the real number because there's so much of it going on.
  Different people see it and report it.
  But it's on a scale of...
  UFOs flying around that really started showing up big time at the end of World War II. And then other events where it would ebb and flow.
  But since the mid-40s, it starts down here and goes like this, and then it gets really bad and goes away, and then it comes back all over the world.
  If you looked at this on a graph, here, let me just do a guesstimation for you.
  This is just a representation.
  This isn't accurate, obviously.
  But, I mean, let's say here's 1944. And, you know, UFO sightings are like this.
  And then we go up to 20, 24. And it's, that would be like 20,000 feet tall.
  I mean, they're just, every day, every city, every town, just UFOs flying around, weird-ass air cream things.
  Some you can tell are human, some you can't tell.
  Others do look like it's something so advanced humans couldn't have it.
  I mean, and then you ask the question, what in the world is this?
  I mean, that's where we are right now.
  And then the government saying we don't know what it is and then most of the cases I look at it and you can see it's human craft and drone swarms and a bunch of other And then I go, oh, what's on those Chinese drawings from 2,000 years ago,
  3,000 years ago?
  Oh, what's in the Babylonian drawings or the Egyptian?
  Or what's described in Ezekiel and the wheels within wheels turning with lights?
  And then, like, those are popping up everywhere.
  Well, did the government build something like that or some group?
  I mean, I don't know.
  But I can tell you right now that this is a harbinger Of all the other changes we're about to see, and they don't want to just feed you destabilizing information over the internet,
  manipulate your dopamine and the Facebook systems and all the rest of it.
  They want to, in the third dimension, also scramble your perspective to where people don't know up from down.
  And have so many crises going and so much fear going and so much destabilization that you're off balance.
  That's the fog of war.
  And that's really what the new viral scares and the racial divisions about and the cutting off of the food and the funding.
  It's all meant to create an angrier, agitated world.
  Like when a beekeeper goes and does the smoke to get the bees out of the hive, to agitate them so he can get the honey.
  And so we should be asking, what is the procedure of smoking the beehive right now?
  Well, I mean, we know they want a global cashless society, controls everything you do, tracks you in a lifetime, makes you totally dependent on AI, then they can...
  Dictate your behavior to you.
  They can incrementally cut off resources for control, which they admit they're going to do.
  I mean, we know that's the big push.
  But there's a lot more there.
  It's about saying, oh, what you were taught in other religions of the Bible, that's not real.
  There are aliens, but it's just another species.
  Something along that line.
  It is a cataclysmic Attack on current paradigms, which is good at many levels when the globalists are part of the current paradigm, but to shatter any pro-human or truthful segments or structures in the paradigm to bring in an even more false overlay over reality.
  Alright, I'm going to stop with the heavy stuff.
  The theoretical stuff.
  Because I've got to hit all this news.
  Stuff's breaking so fast.
  But people need to understand this.
  God's in control.
  And I see it all in the news.
  Oh, turns out for many years...
  All these governments and corporations have been creating organic brains made up of real animal brain matter, aborted baby brains, you name it.
  That baby's killed in its mother's womb.
  It's never seen the sunlight shine.
  It's never...
  Suckled at its mother's breast.
  It's chopped up.
  And then its brains are put in petri dishes and wires are hooked into it.
  And then they feed it a video game simulation.
  And then put electrodes back so it can send messages.
  And usually in about five days it's playing the video game.
  It's looking for order.
  It sees the order in it.
  The cells see stimuli.
  They want to thrive.
  They want to live.
  And there's a native intelligence even at the cellular level.
  And then there's so many thoughts to that.
  But that's an example of it.
  I remember reading 30 years ago in mainline scientific industry publications, not pop publications, about the humanoid chimeras and how governments and corporations had created part animal,
  part human creatures.
  But they said, but we kept them at test tube level, or we'd planted them in a cow, they were humanoid, and they were part cows, we could harvest organs from them.
  And then you hear, oh, this lab's got really good, oh, lab-grown organs, yeah.
  And it's not a, like they grew a whole heart.
  Oh, 3D-printed heart, yeah, from this company.
  You sell this paperwork, you know.
  And really, it's been grown in a humanoid, in a cow, and then the humanoid is aborted.
  And then its organs are harvested.
  Now, 30 years ago, that was in DARPA reports to Congress and in MIT quarterly reports.
  And you can type it in and pull it up yourself.
  It's all out there.
  And then if I sit there and say that to even a group of, say, biology students at UT, graduate students, they'll just laugh at you.
  Because they're not taught that.
  They're taught whatever little specific field they're going for, just general knowledge, so the system can decide whether they want them to get read in on that.
  But notice the control.
  The Manhattan Project for four or five years kept totally secret, hundreds of thousands working on a building of an atomic bomb.
  Well, it's that same model of compartmentalization.
  So, 30 years ago, there were major scientific reports that weren't even restricted.
  But the globalists know the way the general public operates.
  Who's going to care to read that?
  Who's going to care to have a show and talk about that?
  Because you don't go to actual source documents to get stuff the general public doesn't.
  No, no, you read Newsweek.
  You read the New York Times.
  And then that's the thing.
  So we're really more advanced in the future if you use a year as a benchmark.
  You know, it's just hypothetical.
  But, you know, we're like in 2050, 2060, depending on the technology.
  2070. I mean, the real world has technological developments and reservations and systems that are compartmentalized that the general public has no knowledge of.
  And then you hear me up here decades telling you the stuff that they're now just now bringing out a little bit of.
  People go, oh, come on.
  There's not part human-animal clones.
  Come on.
  I'd have heard about that.
  Really.
  And now really the next big step in the shadow government globalist system is reveal itself to everybody.
  And we're like a bunch of superstitious pygmies that don't even know what electricity is.
  And if you took a pygmy from Africa 100 years ago and teleported them into Austin, Texas tonight, and they teleported onto your porch, and they walked out and saw all the lights in the city, And you can speak their dialect and told them those are magic gnomes that They believe it because it looks like they don't know what it is.
  You can just tell them.
  And now you've got all the government corporations swarming.
  99% of what I see, you can tell is human.
  We've seen other similar blueprints and patents, and they've crashed before.
  But the point is, there's this giant, advanced, breakaway civilization that is now absorbing what was left of the old civilization.
  And then we sit here like we've been time-traveled from 10,000 years ago, like we're Stone Age men in a cave.
  And we look up and see all these flying machines and the government goes, we don't know what those are.
  Well, of course the local sheriff doesn't, or even the head of that military base hasn't been told what it is.
  So they and the FBI, we don't know, we don't know, we don't know why every night in New Jersey these things are over your houses.
  But notice they don't shoot them down because they've not been ordered to.
  But you get up in a Cessna and you start flying over a military base, you'll get your ass blown out of the air in about five minutes.
  They'll give you a bunch of warnings.
  They'll send a jet up.
  And when you don't go land it, they're going to shoot a missile into your airplane and kill you.
  But they don't hear because the compartmentalized system is telling them don't.
  And then they have cover storage people that work in the projects while they're doing it.
  These latest...
  One's out of New Jersey.
  Show the one we showed yesterday that's a big, beautiful blue night sky, and you see the jets go...
  They stop and hold in pattern about 15,000 feet, and they're big.
  Well, you know what that is.
  Those are advanced anti-ballistic missile defense systems.
  And you can talk about what they got payloads on them to stop MIRVs coming in.
  But this is Russia being shown.
  Oh, Putin!
  You got a hypersonic ICBM that can get past our defenses?
  Did you really think that?
  Hey, Putin, what do you think these are?
  You think the Russians think those are aliens?
  No, they watch them and hear them.
  High-powered jet engines.
  Then they're able to, using other propulsion systems, probably just propeller, helicopter, drone, then sit, and they're all spaced out right over the top of the city,
  You think the government is going to build tens of thousands of these things that you see every night now?
  Some nights it's like over most of the major cities, over bases.
  The base is like, we don't know what this is that just deployed over us, but we're not shooting it down, we've not been told to.
  It's a freaking anti-missile defense system.
  That's why they're showing up over every critical infrastructure.
  And nobody else has said that.
  That's the answer.
  Oh, that'll have the telephones ringing and langley.
  But see, why can't people see what...
  But see, then it has another effect.
  The different departmentalized groups just buy, oh, we're doing this, we can't let the public know we have this.
  But then it also has the hysteria effect of Bluebeam that was proposed of a fake alien invasion.
  And it has that secondary.
  The globalists love programs that have a whole bunch of different effects.
  Then they're like, we've got to get a new national anti-drone federal agency.
  We've got to have our own attack drones in every city to counter those drones that we don't know.
  And then no one ever asks later, well, where'd those drones come from?
  Why do we have all these drone bases now?
  That Jeff Bezos has been talking about.
  To deliver everything to you and protect you.
  Oh, remember the drone scare?
  Yeah, no one ever knew who those were from.
  Maybe aliens.
  So see, they harass us with the drones.
  Then create an agency to counter the drones.
  And say, well, we're sure it's for aliens.
  While the very same scientific global cult dictatorship...
  For 30, 40 years has been creating aliens here on Earth.
  Yeah, COVID-19 is an alien.
  I mean, just one composite, one piece of it.
  You create a synthetic virus that's completely man-made that operates in an entirely different way than any other virus ever on the planet.
  It's not a regular virus.
  It's not a coronavirus, a flu virus.
  It's not a bacteria.
  It's not a human blood cell.
  It's a synthetic, lab-made, self-replicating life form Type in, scientists create life for the first time.
  They've been saying that for 50 years.
  For the first time, they've created a self-replicating system that came from non-organic material that is directed and that reproduces.
  And now, this new life form orders your body to start replicating it so it can attack all your DNA At the site of the DNA that repairs DNA, so you can't repair, so that all the other cancer viruses they've been storing up and discovering for 80 years can be loaded in there.
  So they give you a compound that makes your body itself make the synthetic nanobot that then cuts off your defenses, and now your defense system's cut off, and all the viruses they put in there can now go to work killing you.
  And it's on record that's what it does.
  Now, do these sound like nice people?
  No.
  They sound like they're good.
  God saw the earth and it was good.
  No.
  What these people are making is not good.
  Good for anybody.
  It's evil.
  It stinks.
  It wants total power.
  And to do that, it's got to take control of life and death.
  It's got to take control of the genetics.
  And it's got to wreck the old system that's perfect so it can then come in and impose itself on the system it just screwed up.
  It needs you to fall with it so that you're so screwed up and so diseased that you will go to them and they can take over your body and use you as a guinea pig and the promise that you're going to finally be rebuilt.
  But really now you've just lowered the drawbridge to them to take full control.
  And to have access to all their technology, you're going to have to give up your free will and socially and behaviorally serve them and get behind all the other horrors they're promoting as they mainline this mad scientist, satanic system onto everybody.
  All right.
  Biggest January 6th news ever just broke.
  They admit it was the feds, ran the whole thing.
  Breaking DOJ inspector general just confirms January 6th was a federal false flag operation.
  We'll be right back with this and a lot more.
  TheAlexJonesStore.com keeps us on air.
  This is a vital transmission.
  We are reaching tens of millions of new people a day.
  We are one of the most devastating operations of the globalists thanks to your support.
  So, we need to stay on air.
  I make it easy for you to do that.
  Do your Christmas shopping at TheAlexJonesStore.com and at DrJonesNaturals.com.
  And I told you we're not just going to have Patriot gear and great supplements that are amazing at TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  We're going to have Made in America, Designer Knives, Collectibles.
  We've already had that, but limited supplies.
  There's a huge Black Friday Cyber Week sale going 30 to 40% off on top of the big discounts right now.
  Do your Christmas shopping with us.
  But some amazing new products just came in.
  And when I say amazing, I'm excited.
  I know these are going to go quickly.
  Unfortunately, This will solve all our problems, but they only made $2,000 in this limited edition.
  But it'll go a long way towards our lawsuits and funding our operations and the new network and everything else and keeping InfoWars on it.
  That continues.
  Look at this bad boy.
  The 1984 versus 1776 coin.
  I designed it.
  There's only 2,000 of these bad boys at TheAlexJonesStore.com and they are a fundraiser.
  They are a piece of history.
  They are pure silver.
  They are minted here in America.
  2,000 of these.
  I predict these sell out in just a couple days.
  This is a great Christmas gift, a memento that you stood for the Republic at a critical time.
  They are incredible.
  Get the 1984 versus 1776 coin at thealexjonesstore.com.
  And it's not, the store's not owned by me, so even if the globalists come after us, So get this amazing coin now.
  And if you don't want to, don't have the money to get that, because it's marked up for a fundraiser, a memento, a limited edition, We have challenge coins, a whole bunch of them, between 995 and 1495. When tyranny becomes law, rebellion becomes duty.
  And on the other side, it's got the Gadsden flag, don't tread on me.
  1776, another one with Alex Jones, yours truly on it.
  The answer to 1904 is 1776 with the Gadsden flag.
  Rebellion to tyrants is obedience to God on the other side.
  And there's some other great challenge coins as well.
  At thealexjonesstore.com.
  Now, this is even more exciting.
  They surprised me with this.
  I just learned this morning.
  So it's in the mail from Arkansas where their factory is and their shipping department and all that, the big lead that owns and runs thealexjonesstore.com.
  Ladies and gentlemen, Trump on a Stump, 1995. Everybody loves Elf on a Shelf.
  This is Trump on a Stump Christmas figurine.
  Oh, my daughter loves Elf on a Shelf.
  We play with him and do all sorts of stuff.
  Catapult around the house, play with the cats, play with them.
  We've probably got 15 of those Elf on a Shelf, both little elf village in the backyard.
  We have a lot of fun.
  She puts Christmas tree lights on these little trees we got in the backyard.
  Oh my gosh, I've got to have this.
  And I already called them.
  I said, I want 10 set aside for me.
  So that means there's...
  1,900 and something of these.
  And I'm telling you, this is going to sell out today.
  Why they didn't get 20,000 of them, I don't know.
  All my problems would be solved.
  We would have plenty of fun.
  This baby is amazing.
  Everybody needs to have this original Trump on a Stump Christmas figurine.
  Celebrate Christmas with the Trump on a Stump Christmas figurine, the ultimate conversation starter for your tree or mantle.
  Fully Posable and ready to take on the globalist, this festive figure can be positioned in any stance, from bold and defiant to perfectly perched.
  Whether you're decking the halls or making a statement, this patriotic decoration will keep the spirit of 1776 alive all season long, right into Trump meeting inaugurated next month.
  Get your Trump on a stump now!
  Ultimate CMOS, Patriot gear, amazing hoodies, Christmas sweaters and more, and fund the second American Revolution worldwide at thealexjonesstore.com.
  Now, we already knew this.
  I experienced it.
  I was there.
  And we had the FBI directors and others lie and say they didn't know of any feds at January 6th.
  They ran the whole damn thing.
  And after Dr. David Martin leaves us, very gracious to join us, I'm going to get into the breaking news.
  It's up on Infowars.com.
  We'll post it on X. DOJ Inspector General reveals 26 federal informants at Capitol on January 6th with most entering restricted areas.
  Yeah, like the ones in black uniforms, black outfits breaking through the doors.
  Then the cops fake handcuff them, then later unhandcuff them and hi-fi them.
  Or the guys on tape when cops try to arrest them saying, hey, I'm a Fed, here's my badge.
  You mean like those people?
  We'll get all those clips.
  We don't need the Inspector General to tell us that, and that's only what the FBI has admitted to.
  I was there.
  We'll talk about that at the bottom of the hour in 30 minutes.
  I really appreciate Dr. David Martin, who needs no introduction, coming on the show.
  He's been really breaking down the current developments, the attempts to launch a new medical hysteria.
  We're good to go.
  Lex, it's always an honor to see you, and I'm grateful for the time that we can spend together.
  Give us a little snapshot of what's coming up.
  Well, we know that Peter Hotez has gone on record now.
  Once again, telling the world that on or about sometime around January 21st, we're going to We have a new pandemic.
  As I said very recently, the Disease X, the new pandemic that he's talking about, H5N1, is the subject of over 3,099 patents.
  For those not familiar with patents, patents take at least 18 to 24 months to process.
  So the fact that there are 3,099 patents Going back over a decade that actually have both the gain of function research, the alleged vaccines, which are not vaccines, they are once again biological weapons built on the back of a phony viral model.
  And the fact that he's now saying that somewhere around January 21st we're going to have this new outbreak is actually, once again, the criminal conspiracy that has been ongoing now for quite a few years that is once again trying to derail civil society and disrupt the orderly transition of power.
  As I've said many, many times, If we go back and look at what happened during the last Trump administration, Donald Trump allowed a traitor, his name was Alex Azar, To work with Anthony Fauci to overthrow a government,
  which is exactly what they did.
  They disrupted the electoral system.
  They made it abundantly clear that because we needed to social distance, we needed to do all kinds of nonsense, we couldn't have an orderly election.
  And lo and behold, Donald Trump had allowed these traitors to come in and not only destroy the fair process of democracy, but more importantly, We're good to go.
  That's kind of fascinating, kind of like event 201 was in October of 2019. We're being told what's coming, and all I can say is, people, this is a fraud just like the last one.
  It's a criminal operation.
  It is actually intended to harm, destroy, and kill American citizens and people all around the world.
  And we need these kinds of conversations to make sure that we're ahead of the story, because being ahead of the story gives us the advantage of potentially disrupting it.
  Wow, absolutely.
  Nobody's researched this more than you.
  Let's come back and lay it all out on how we stop it with Dr. David Martin.
  Stay with us.
  Alright, I'm going to give him the floor for the rest of this segment.
  He's been very gracious to join us on a very...
  Quick request, I've been seeing his reports, his analysis, it's absolutely dead on.
  He's done the most research when he goes into the documents and the admissions of these people.
  Dr. David Martin, davidmartin.world, joins us, davidmartin.world.
  I'm not going to go over his whole background.
Most people know who he is, but he has done some of the very best work from the open source admissions of this long-term project to create antifunction viruses, release them on the public, then roll out We're good to go. 
  17, that don't worry, we'll stop.
  Trump's agenda will take control using a virus.
  Now, Hotez came out last week in the Houston Chronicle and on MSNBC and listed 11 viruses, just gleeful, saying this will crash down on Trump, this will stop him, this will maintain control.
  Then the whole 100-plus Nobel laureates that are globalists came out and said, if he gets Robert F. Kennedy in and others, they'll stop our whole agenda, but don't worry, new viruses will discredit them.
  I mean, they are not even...
  Veiling.
  There's not even a thin veil on this.
  What they're doing, it's one of their major tracks, expanding war, new viral power grab.
  They're openly saying they're going to try to have racial conflict as a pretext to drive Trump from office.
  And there's some other angles.
  But this one is the operation that they've clearly said they're launching with glee.
  And it's like watching a supervillain, but for real, just rubbing their hands together when they announce they're going to, you know...
  Blow up a major city if you don't give Dr. Evil $100 trillion.
  But people say, well, that looks like a cartoon character.
  No, those characters are based on the real criminology.
  Dr. Martin, you've got the floor.
  Please give us a breakdown of what we're facing and how we stop them.
  Well, Alex, as I've said many times, you know, we've been monitoring over 70 biologic weapons pathogens that are the subject of gain-of-function research.
  That we've been monitoring at MCAM, my company, for the last now almost 25 years.
  And what we know is that in the case of what Peter Hotez has just laid out, you know, they have been rolling out a series of trial balloons on what is allegedly going to be the next pandemic.
  And the fact of the matter is, in the case of H5N1, which, by the way, is commercially available, you can buy the pathogen right now, the gain-of-function pathogen, you can buy it from the NIAID's commercial pathogen library.
  So great news is, if you're in the market for pathogens, just go to NIAID, you can buy this stuff.
  But the problem is, what they're doing is exactly the same thing that they did on the eve of what we were told was a COVID outbreak.
  And remember, on September 18th, 2019, the World Health Organization and the Wellcome Trust and the Gates Foundation and NIAID and the Chinese CDC all agreed We're good to go.
  A universal vaccine response platform by September 2020. This is published in World at Risk, the World Health Organization's publication.
  All of the perpetrators I just described who were acting in racketeering ways alleged that they were going to do this thing.
  On September 19, 2019, Alex Azar organized an executive order that Donald Trump signed, which put in motion the development of a vaccine program that included DNA modification.
  And then in October of 2019, at Event 201, They told us what the pathogen was going to be.
  And now Peter Otez is doing the same thing.
  He's telling us what's coming with no ambiguity.
  And remember that the reason why is because they're doing a direct assault on President Trump's attempt to put Bobby Kennedy in at HHS. Now let's get really clear and unpack the why behind that.
  I think?
  What they've called for is they've called for no immunity for the manufacture of what's called a vaccine if there's not safety data.
  And the fact of the matter is, we have no safety data on any of the multiple injections that the CDC and the NIH have decided need to be part of the schedule that gets injected from birth all the way up through adulthood.
  We don't have any of that safety data.
  And because of that, What they're doing is they're preempting what is ultimately going to be a war on trying to get the vaccine market and the vaccine criminal conspirators to have the advantage to once again unleash a bioweapon on the population to instill fear so that the population is willing to reject what RFK is trying to do.
  And like I've said many, many times, this is no different.
  And Alex, right before this segment, you talked about the January 6th situation.
  I was speaking right next to the Senate building at a health freedom conference during what became what we call January 6th.
  As I left the Union Station parking garage and walked with my wife Kim to the stage, I made a note to her on the way.
  I said, there's something grossly wrong.
  I said, between Union Station and the Capitol, there was no Capitol Police.
  There were no unmarked vehicles.
  There were no anybody which you'd expect to see on a normal day.
  I was there.
  I walked from the Ellipse to the Capitol, even after they'd been attacking police for hours, the provocateurs.
  It started when Trump started speaking, and there were no police.
  It was like, it was just empty.
  You couldn't see one anywhere.
  None.
  And as a matter of fact, when I was speaking, ironically, CNN that afternoon made me the poster child for allegedly the Stop the Steal movement.
  I was on stage and they photoshopped a flag in front of me to show how ultra patriotic I was as some sort of right wing nut job.
  And the fact of the matter is, to do that, they had to photoshop a flag in front of the image of me that they then put on CNN, which I found out.
  Actually, several hours later from my family where they were greatly offended that I was actually at the Capitol.
  But the point is that these things are acts of war.
  Let's be really clear.
  When I say this is a bio-warfare situation, Please remember that I'm not saying that carelessly.
  In 2005, Ralph Baric at the DARPA MITRE Conference stated that the synthetic coronavirus was in fact a biowarfare enabling technology.
  Now, I've stated that many times.
  It's right on his CV. You don't have to go very far to find this.
  But this biowarfare enabling technology is not in just one model called coronavirus.
  This model is actually now replicated across over 70 different modified structures where they're taking What is a naturally occurring substance,
  they're weaponizing it.
  They're making it infectious, which means a weapon to target a person.
  Replication defective, which means it stays inside of you.
  It doesn't transmit to others.
  And they're doing this once again so that they can disrupt We're good to go.
  I'm not invited because I will not stop until we have accountability for the fact that though it may have been in ignorance, This was something that was started under the Trump administration, and I do not want the second Trump administration to be marred by another situation where gain-of-function weapons are unleashed on the population.
  And let's be 100% crystal clear, there is no debate, you're right.
  I've played the videos, you have them on your site, you've mentioned the days, but I remember 2018, 19, 20, when we played the clips here, Fauci had multiple...
  I think?
  So they've always said their main power grab would be a global system to counter viruses they released.
  And then they hit us with a shot that erases our immune system and makes us sick or kill us.
  Then they say, oh, look, that's the new viruses.
  And then as the third world starts dying, they go, oh, it's global warming.
  It's just a coverall.
  And then now we see a repeat of what Fauci said in 2017 with the incoming Trump.
  Basically, word for word from Hotez, now that Fauci's so discredited, he's now come to the forefront.
  We see similar statements out of...
  Tedros at the WHO. So they've said, don't worry, this is how we'll maintain control and kill Trump's agenda.
  I know behind the scenes Trump now understands some of this, but you're absolutely right.
  We are friends to Trump, but we're responsibilities to friends of humanity.
  Trump needs to know they've already said this is their next move.
  So what do you think President Trump should be doing right now?
  Well, listen, I think that, as I've said many times, President Trump could very easily launch an investigation, an inquiry, a criminal inquiry, into the coup that overthrew his first term.
  There is no question, you know, everybody in the media is talking about the pardon, the preemptive pardon, that a lot of people are suggesting for Anthony Fauci.
  You don't suggest a preemptive pardon if there's not a crime.
  This is not something that you socialize.
  There was an article just a few days ago in the Gateway Pundit where I was heavily quoted.
  And in that article, you know, we talked at length about the fact that just because there is a presidential pardon, that doesn't absolve Anthony Fauci of all of his crimes, because the fact of the matter is he specifically stated in 2014 and 2015 that the motivation for doing what he was doing with the gain-of-function research,
particularly around coronavirus, We're good to go. 
  You don't surprise the public with a, quote, bat virus from Wuhan when in 2016, you have the proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences saying WIV-1 poised for human emergence.
  And in that article, At the very end of the article, the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill acknowledges that the research that was done was done in violation of the gain-of-function moratorium.
  And somebody, somewhere, read Anthony Fauci at NIID, was the one who in writing in October of 2014 authorized that violation.
  We have a criminal conspiracy That overthrew the Trump administration before.
  And what I want to see is I want to see the Department of Justice and I want to see the hopefully the Attorney General actually launch not a investigation, but actually take one further step.
  Take this step to what it is.
  It is racketeering that was in fact treason.
  And we need to not have this nonsense about some sort of preemptive pardon.
  What we need to do is we need to have the criminal conspirators brought to justice.
  And that includes the Gates Foundation and the Wellcome Trust.
  We need to have everyone, not only the participants, but the people who funded that activity held to account.
  And if we don't do that, we're just signing up for the next round of this terror campaign.
  Dr. David Martin, I know that large sections of the power structure hate Trump, and I know that he's trying to stop the escalation of what we're already in, World War III, going nuclear.
  That's one of the main tracks.
  The Democrats have said they're handing him a disaster.
  They've said they're escalating it to try to stop his agenda of peace.
  That's one of the big tracks.
  The other big track is the one they're clearly going with, so it's...
  Just as dangerous is the new hysteria, the new scare.
  As you said, they're all over the news saying this will discredit Trump.
  This will make us be in control of the agenda.
  This will change the subject from him bringing back jobs and industry control on the border.
  And so Trump must do this.
  It's great who he's bringing in.
  It's great.
  I think the new NIH guy has been critical of the system.
  He's not one-tenth as informed as you are, but compared to other people he could have gotten, looks good.
  Robert F. Kennedy Jr. has integrity.
  He's exposing this.
  He doesn't go all the way because I think he thinks the public can't handle that.
  But no, you have to go all the way because that's it.
  And the same criminals are still in place and are laughing and chortling like supervillains, literally celebrating and monologuing that, don't worry, we're still in command.
  And the U.N. is saying that.
  And so Trump must do this.
  If he doesn't at this point...
  Then we have to conclude that he's working with them.
  But if you look at it, they did really try to kill him.
  They really are trying to destroy him.
  They really are coming after his supporters.
  And so I know Trump's very intelligent, but he also has blind spots.
  So I can't intellectually see that he is with them.
  So he has to be autistic or something.
  I'm not saying he is.
  He would have to have some...
  Weird blind spot, if he doesn't understand, the main attack on his agenda is this, and this should be our agenda, is getting him informed and exposing it and having instant criminal investigation.
  We have all the emails, if you said they're public, lying to Congress, gain of function, bragging about how the new virus is coming, ha, before doing it again, and they've been above the law so far, and that's got to stop.
  Well, and that's exactly right.
  And Alex, I got very heavily criticized on my last conversation with this show because people said, well, you know, I was being an apologist for Trump saying that he was ignorant of these things or whatever.
  What I know is, and my grandfather said to me many times, never attribute to malevolence what is ignorance.
  I am not going to suggest that this was a malevolent situation.
  What I am saying is the evidence is unambiguous.
  We now have people like Robert Redfield who are coming out and clearly stating that he actually thinks that this probably had more to do with University of North Carolina Chapel Hill than it had to do with Wuhan Institute of Virology.
  And that's a very interesting admission.
  And what I am seeing, and Redfield, for whatever reason, has decided to kind of turn the corner We're good to go.
  Published in 2016, and look at it.
  It said, received for review September 4th, 2015, right in the fat middle of the gain-of-function moratorium.
  This was an illegal piece of work, illegally done, weaponizing a model of the Wuhan Institute of Virology Virus 1. Okay, that's what they said they did.
  And what they did in this article is they actually targeted human epithelial lung tissue.
  Alex, they went as far as to tell us that they were going to hit the human lung with this thing.
  They optimized it so it would hit the human lung.
  They optimized it so it hit the ACE receptor.
  It's right in the middle of the article.
  Absolutely, and that was my next question.
  This was a scandal for people that don't know in 2015. It was all over the news.
  I had scientists on about it.
  So why do Fauci and all them brag and then say it in their emails and documents, but then lie to Congress?
  Well, I know why.
  They want to act confident to their cult.
  They want to look like they're invincible, while at the same time denying it.
  Right, right.
  And my feeling is really simple.
  I have tried, and you know, Alex, I've tried with attorneys general.
  I've tried with sheriffs.
  I've tried with members of Congress.
  I've tried with senators.
  I've tried to get anybody to pay attention to the evidence.
  I've never once ever in the last four and a half years stated my opinion about this situation.
  This has been facts.
  It has been their facts.
  And what I get, in fact, recently I had a law firm that was allegedly going to cooperate with our efforts who came back and told me that they were only going to use what was publicly available and they wrote a New York Times piece on the Wuhan lab leak and I said, guys, we have dead to rights by their own admission in their own documents that they said that they were going to release a lethal respiratory pathogen.
  They actually did a material transfer agreement from USC. And then we know they made it, and it's the very pathogen they released.
  And we're not guessing at it.
  They actually told us in 2015 that it was going to be a weaponized version of the Wuhan Institute of Virology Virus 1. Guys, there's no chance that nature backed a bat into that story.
  There's no chance that nature backed anything into that story.
  And now to cover up that attack, how do you cover one bad story with a new, bigger, badder story?
  They made the decision, they're winding up, and they're hitting us right now.
  I mean, you're right.
  And so what's the solution?
  The solution is President Trump can take this action, and once again, as I've always said, he has the ability to simply state, I was lied to by traitors.
  Simple statement.
  He was lied to.
  They are traitors.
  And we should see justice being brought.
  And as long as there's breath in these lungs, I'll tell you what, Alex, I'm going to continue to call for that, even though I know that this voice is not welcome in a lot of circles.
  But the fact of the matter is, I'm actually trying to defend this country.
  I'm not trying to defend an individual, because we need to stand for America right now.
  We do not need to sit here and say, well, it was an honest mistake.
  No.
  It was a crime, and it's a crime that is leading to the death and murder of American citizens right now.
  We need to stop it.
  DavidMartin.World, and just to be clear, it's the heart of the whole globalist crime syndicate power and how they say they're going to stay in power.
  Lockdowns, four shots, more death, derailing our agenda.
  We must, for our own futures, do this.
  David, thank you for your incredible work.
  God bless you, and thank you for your courage.
  Thank you.
  It's always an honor to see you, Alex.
  Thanks very much.
  Thank you, Doctor.
  We'll be right back.
  Stay with us.
  Thank you, sir.
  I have more to say on this and a lot more.
  Stay with us.
  Two new incredible products just came in to the warehouse in Arkansas, and they are top of the line.
  Ultimate turmeric, super concentrated, some of the strongest you'll find anywhere.
  We're good to go.
  Fund the info war in the face of the new world order.
  Shop with the good guys.
  Also a new great product.
  Also a private label of the national bestseller from a top firm.
  Ultimate Iron with a super high quality dose of vitamin C, antioxidant, immune support, collagen production, iron absorption, wound healing, red blood cell production, prevents anemia, supports energy levels, cognitive function, immune health, electrolyte balance, supports muscle function, acid neutralizing,
  kidney health, energy, metabolic system jacked up.
  It's all there.
  So those two new incredible products at Thealexjonesstore.com.
  And then, limited edition, 2025 Infowars Alex Jones calendar.
  The folks at Bigley did a superlative job with this.
  This is now available at thealexjonesstore.com.
  It's amazing.
  And then separately, everybody wanted it.
  You got it.
  Limited edition, 2024. Christmas ornament.
  It'll be good for years to come.
  Order yours now.
  Any orders that come in by the 16th, we'll get there before Christmas.
  TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  And then...
  You can't get it before Christmas.
  It starts shipping again.
  Everybody that ordered will get it before Christmas.
  But more is coming in, but it won't ship till the 23rd.
  You still order Trump on a Stump Elf.
  It'll be great year-round, but great for next year as well.
  But more of those coming the 23rd.
  You can pre-order that right now at thealexjonesstore.com.
  And of course, the Ultimate CMOS ready to ship.
  Everything's there right now at thealexjonesstore.com.
  I am going to do my very best now to hit tons of news as quickly as possible.
  Right into the fourth hour.
  So, a lot of times the show is news heavy the first two hours.
  Sometimes it's the last two hours.
  Everything's been really important.
  But I just want to be clear about something.
  When I get up here and I make recommendations to people, it doesn't mean that I've got all the answers.
  And it doesn't mean that there's a lot of paradoxes in what I say.
  The universe is very complex and very subtle and also very blaringly obvious in ways.
  I spent like five minutes in the first hour saying people constantly second-guessing and bitching about Trump are a distraction when that's basically all they do from the patriot side,
  from the pro-human side.
  And I said it's good to do But in my opinion, it's the way you do it.
  So we just, with the facts, with the science, with the information, with the documents, with the sources, came out and said, Trump, your enemies, our enemies, are about to do to you and to us what they did.
  Four and a half years ago, and you're making a lot of the right moves to block it, and making incredible statements about, we gotta investigate these shots, we gotta find out what really happened, we gotta get the fluoride and stuff out of the water, we are dying, we are getting super sick, we are the sickest in the world,
  other than South Korea, who does even more than what we do.
  Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and others, we're seeing a lot of good things.
  And then when he makes a mistake and puts in a bad Surgeon General, they don't run anything.
  It's ceremonial.
  The woman's an idiot.
  Trump's going to make mistakes.
  She ought to be removed.
  Whatever.
  I'm just not going to spend weeks on that like other people did.
  Oh my God, he's horrible.
  He's got a huge operation going there.
  Stuff like that doesn't even hit my radar.
  But when the globalists are like, don't worry, a new pandemic will get control of Trump.
  I mean, they're saying that.
  We've played the clips.
  And then they come out in their own documents saying, we're going to bring in our control with viral scares.
  And then they do it.
  I mean, it's not like I just got up here last week when Hotez said, oh, it'll come crashing down.
  We'll control the agenda.
  We'll stop Robert F. Kennedy Jr. This will discredit them.
  Ha.
  Bill Gates, oh, it's going to kill kids.
  The new thing.
  You'll see.
  I'm the hero.
  You better take your shots.
  He said that a year ago.
  They're telling you.
  It's not a prediction there's going to be a new pandemic.
  They're just going to call the people dying from all the poison shots.
  Disease X. I told you weeks ago, I said, this new so-called hemorrhagic fever, they don't know what it is, and there's all these mystery illnesses in the Congo and all these deaths.
  I said, I guarantee you, that is just some regular disease that they've decided to go out and misdiagnose and say they don't know what it is.
  And then they came out yesterday at BBC and go, oops, the hundreds of dead, it's malaria.
  Oh, because you didn't know what it was until you sent the blood off.
  I mean, come on, people.
  They've said thousands of times the last three years, we've got bird flu in humans.
  A two-year-old died.
  And you learn the two-year-old had holes in their hearts and cancer.
  They died of comorbidities.
  And they didn't have bird flu.
  They stuck a PCR test up to the kid.
  So I've seen this.
  Alright?
  So, here's the bottom line.
  They are going with the pandemic scare.
  We're already in the beginning of it.
  Not a prediction.
  It's going on.
  Like I said, days before everybody else said it, I said, we're in World War III. Within days, you'll hear world leaders say it, and two days later, it happened.
  I understand the thresholds of these things.
  I do this 18 hours a day.
  This is what I do.
  I was up till 1.30 in the morning last night studying.
  Even though I was exhausted, I just can't help it.
  So I can come to you and show you a lot of documents, a lot of proof, but mainly what I do is give you a gestalt and boil it all down and say, look at all this stuff.
  You'll see I'm telling you the truth and understand this is going on.
  It was guaranteed when he got re-elected they were going to start bombing Russia proper.
  I said it hundreds of times.
  They did it.
  It was guaranteed they'd start hyping a race war as soon as Trump won.
  They're doing it.
  It was guaranteed they'd repeat what Fauci did.
  I said it months ago and weeks ago.
  I played it over and over again two weeks ago.
  Fauci, oh, a new pandemic virus out of China will get control of Trump and show him.
  I've already seen him say that a bunch before they released it.
  You heard Martin list the dates and times they said it on TV and in documents.
  And I was saying two weeks ago, watch, they're going to pull the same thing they did in 2017 when they announced they're going to hit him with the virus.
  And then they geared it up and had their drills and then did it.
  Event 201, all of them.
  And now they've done it again.
  So...
  The race war is the trigger for civil unrest.
  Martial loss, civil war.
  That's being rolled out.
  I don't know if that'll be successful.
  People really see through that, but they're trying it.
  It sounds bold.
  Have states secede and cities secede in uprisings?
  That New York Times?
  Carville!
  People are like, man, that's...
  I see the commenters.
  I mean, that sounds crazy, Alex.
  Come on, that...
  You know, I don't think that's gonna happen.
  I didn't say they were gonna get away with it.
  I just know these people got power and they say they are.
  So I take it real serious.
  You know, there's some ex-convict that's been, you know, in jail for 20 years for a triple murder.
  And then he moves in next door to me and for some reason gets mad and says, you know, I'm gonna come kill you in the next week or so.
  I'm gonna probably have to do something about that because the guy's done it before.
  You know.
  So, really, I'm just an alarmist.
  And being an alarmist when there's really bad stuff happening is what we need, like Paul Revere.
  You heard Martin.
  He's super smart.
  Probably, overall, the smartest when he gets into the documents and saying what's accurately happening.
  And he said it's going down.
  And that's what I've been telling you for weeks.
  They've released it.
  They've done it.
  Whatever it is coming down on us, it's incoming.
  Like in World War I, you have an artillery fired at them, and when they would hear it start coming back down, a lot of times it would whistle.
  Incoming!
  I don't know exactly where it's going to hit around us, but you can hear the son of a bitch coming in.
  And all I hear is, Fake race war.
  World War III. New pandemic.
  Cyber attack power outages.
  And all their war games and all their talking.
  And remember, they're little con men.
  They're criminals.
  So they get up and giggle and laugh.
  This will get him.
  That'll get him.
  Oh, yeah.
  Oh, you think you're getting your freedom back, huh?
  We'll just start bombing Russia.
  How do you like that?
  And now they're overthrowing Syria and Romania and, you know, Georgia and just foaming at the mouth and Massey's like, I'm in the committee.
  The U.S. government's running it.
  No shit, Sherlock.
  America runs it all.
  Did run China until they double-crossed Obama 14 years ago.
  And they're just as bad.
  They run all this and worse.
  If they were this organized, they're not.
  So, all I can do is just sit here and say, I didn't say Trump's autistic.
  I know he's good, and very smart in ways.
  Like idiot savant.
  And anybody that has hyper-intelligence, and there's different gifts God gives you, is always weird in other ways, and has blind spots.
  Like, if you're around a super real mathematician, Or these people that are autistic, like what's the movie with Tom Cruise?
  Rain Man.
  Those are real stuff.
  That stuff's real.
  There's people that can do that.
  There's all these gifts God gives us, but it usually comes, you know, the Rain Man couldn't put his shoes on, but he's a master mathematician with a photographic memory.
  And I'm not saying Trump's an idiot savant.
  He's definitely a savant in ways.
  All our most interesting people are.
  What I'm saying is I know he's not evil.
  I've analyzed the whole thing.
  It would take 50 hours explaining.
  You understand it as well.
  The observation, the bad guys, the legitimate hate of him.
  Because he's his own guy.
  They don't like him being in charge because he doesn't want them in charge.
  That's the real hate.
  But he doesn't want to kill people.
  He doesn't want to shut things down.
  So they did the very thing he didn't want by tricking him into it.
  He didn't understand what he was being hit by.
  It was so evil and sophisticated.
  He had a normalcy bias.
  And then he tried to get things turned back on.
  And then as soon as Biden got in, they kept it clamped down.
  So they hit him with the exact opposite thing he wants.
  Prosperity, freedom, security.
  They take away the prosperity, the freedom, the mobility, the security.
  So you think I want going into this next year to know they're launching a new health scare?
  We never played the other day.
  They pull up the 16, 17-year-old Simpsons program.
  They brag in your face how they operated on the vaccines.
  The health scare.
  No, I don't want this.
  I want to win.
  I want to stop the war.
  I want to secure the border.
  I want to keep in the price of energy.
  I want to go after the child trafficking rings.
  I want a secure future for you and your family because my family lives in the same world as yours.
  We have the same shared interest.
  I gotta hit a bunch of news now.
  It's just that when I get on here and criticize Trump, it's because it's a big attack.
  We know it's going down.
  We know this is what they did to us last time.
  They're bragging they did this last time.
  They're running the same play again because it worked.
  Now, it irrevocably damaged them and discredited them down the road and caused the Great Awakening, but they think one-dimensionally because it keeps them power now, and they just think we'll figure out something else the next time.
  So they're not thinking second, third, fourth order.
  I have a responsibility to fight them, even though in my Machiavellian brain, if I want to look at that and practice the knowledge of evil, if they release another virus or do another poison shot thing, which they are doing, They're going to get so much resistance worldwide,
  and if they think that healthcare executive getting executed was a problem, I mean, that's what I keep telling the globalists.
  You better roll over.
  You better stop.
  You better not try to destabilize the whole world and cut the energy and the fertilizer and the food off, and that you're going to have some controlled, organized depopulation.
  Enough people know you're behind it.
  They're going to hunt you down.
  That's not a threat to the globalists.
  I'm saying, have you not looked at your program?
  It won't work.
  They've had this same global government, bioweapon, depopulate, but train people how to stay locked down with successively stronger attacks so that people finally stay in their houses when the superweapon gets released.
  Or they use some microwave system to kill everybody slowly and say it's a virus.
  Or chemicals and say it's...
  I mean, there's a lot of ways they can do this.
  People, enough people know that you're behind it that you'll never get away with it.
  And that's what Elon Musk has told him.
  He said this whole depopulation, destroy the economy thing, you're not going to get away with an orderly depopulation.
  There'll be giant wars.
  You admit it creates an angrier world.
  You think you're going to control cutting the food and energy off?
  And the stuff that's now happening and happened under COVID that was the cover for that into the future, they admit it?
  Saying carbon's bad when it's the source of life on Earth?
  And then when they cut the carbon and the food off, the energy off, and they go, oh look, global warming, we didn't do it soon enough, that's why billions are dying, when it's all just mathematic actuaries of how the human economy works.
  You cut X number of calories out of the world economy, you kill X number of people.
  You increase the price of energy X amount.
  You drain this much out of the economy.
  And people that were just doing okay are now poor.
  People that are poor are destitute.
  People that are destitute are dead, starving to death.
  Because there's not a social safety network in most of the world.
  And then you break our social safety network by bringing the system down.
  They want to blow out the net.
  Break the social contract.
  To then bring in the global government and bring in the quarantine centers and bring in the universal basic income to dictate every facet of your life.
  It's all their admitted domestication plan.
  And they don't want to domesticate you so you can fly around on a cruise ship like Wally and weigh 500 pounds.
  They're domesticating you and brainwashing you and demoralizing you and poisoning you to slowly, orderly kill you.
  And that's their, I mean, all of these people, Bill Gates, all of them, obsess over a global war to depopulate, like King Charles said two years ago.
  And then you look at their war, cutting off energy, cutting off food, cutting off fertilizer, that kills, last number I saw was over 90 million people during the COVID garbage worldwide.
  An extra 90 million people over three years.
  And you go, why those third world countries follow orders?
  Because the IMF and World Bank controls almost every one of them.
  And said, we won't give you loan money.
  If you don't, tell everybody, shut the farms down, shut the factories down, shut it down.
  You can't ship your exports in here.
  And people just sat there and went home and got sick and got malnourished and then died.
  And the survivors came here.
  Again, collapsed the third world.
  Oh, 90 million died because of COVID. No, because of the restrictions.
  And then you flood the refugees here, and they ask 9 out of 10 refugees, why are you coming here?
  Well, there's no jobs.
  There's no food.
  All the farms are closed.
  All the factories are closed.
  We haven't had jobs in years.
  We don't know what to do.
  And then they bring them here, and they put them on welfare, and they collapse our system.
  I mean, it's a plan.
  And so that's why you criticize Trump on the important stuff.
  If you're just bitching and moaning about Trump all day, instead of exposing the globalists and their sabotage and their obstruction, then he won't be able to get anything done because his people aren't behind him.
  But on his biggest mistake, warp speed, on his biggest failure, that's when we criticize him.
  And he knows it's a loyal mistake.
  Criticism.
  But at the end of the day, we're not loyal to Trump.
  We're loyal to humanity and freedom and, of course, God.
  And the bad guys don't want Trump in because he is at his base loyal to humanity.
  The question is, is he awake enough to admit that Big Pharma really did kill 30 million people with poison shots?
  Is he awake enough to admit they put implantable cancer viruses in everybody that took it, which is on record?
  That takes a lot for people to believe.
  Robert F. Kennedy Jr. knows.
  Dr. David Martin knows.
  His new head of the NIH has made statements basically that hardcore.
  Dr. Redfield, one of their top people for the bad guys, has flipped to our side, saying, yeah, we made the virus.
  Yeah, it's wrong.
  Yeah, they lied to Congress.
  Yeah, it's criminal.
  Yeah, yeah.
  Yeah, RFK Jr. is good.
  You got Zuckerberg now giving money to Trump's inauguration campaign, literally kissing his ass.
  Of course you can't trust him.
  Fetterman kissing his ass.
  Bill Maher kissing his ass.
  Why are they doing that?
  Because they're finally, they're just minions.
  And they're finally going, we are really going to kill everybody?
  And everybody hates me?
  And then Alex Jones, Elon Musk are right.
  We'll never get away with this.
  We're gonna...
  Wait, you cut off a third of the fertilizer?
  You're actually cutting off the farms all over the world?
  Wait a minute.
  You're actually killing millions of people every few months already?
  And you're really gonna kill 80% of the people?
  Yeah, we're gonna kill them.
  Future's not human.
  And people are like, I don't like this.
  You think Zuckerberg likes everywhere he goes, everybody hates him?
  You think he likes all the guys?
  He wants to be a cool jiu-jitsu guy?
  What do you think those guys are telling him?
  They're telling him, hey man, you better get out of this, dude.
  See, there's a lot of people in the system that are just pawns, but they have power.
  And they can be more than pawns if they join Team Humanity.
  And Elon says he met with Zuckerberg and they've been hating on each other.
  There's photos of it in the last few days.
  And Zuckerberg said he was wrong and swears that he is getting on board.
  Now, Elon's not stupid.
  He won't turn his back on him.
  But that's what I've said six months ago.
  I said, Zuckerberg, let's see you apologize.
  Let's see you not help try to block Trump.
  Let's don't let the Democrats use your database and steal the election.
  And then I want to see you stop censoring.
  And I want to see you come out and say you're wrong.
  And I want to see you start giving money to the Republican Party.
  And then we'll start talking about, you know, you not being held accountable, you know, during this process.
  Because people like Zuckerberg better hope the globalists fail now and back off.
  Because if they go ahead with the mass wars and the new pandemic, which they're doing, and all the rest of it, no one's going to forgive you no matter what you do, Zuckerberg.
  Redfield, Bill Maher, and all the rest of them.
  You know, the smarter people never really consciously served the evil.
  They were Democrats, but they figured out, hey, we need to get out of this.
  And now the Republican bluebloods are starting to sing to the same tune, too.
  No, we're going to get fully behind the agenda to control the border.
  Okay, we'll start looking at what's the food.
  Yeah, you're right.
  People are really sick.
  We're all dying.
  And yeah, something's wrong.
  We'll fix it.
  Constituents, we'll hear you.
  Because this isn't just a political realignment.
  They know in their towns, their cities, their churches, their neighbors, their wives, their husbands, their kids, a lot of them are awake now.
  And these senators are there with their sons and daughters at Thanksgiving?
  And I guarantee you, some of those sons and daughters have come up to them, you know, that are full-grown adults, and said, you know, Dad, you better not be serving Bill Gates and the globalists, because when this all goes down, Dad, it'd be a shame if I got to stand up to you, and you know what I'm talking about, Dad.
  There's a lot of those conversations.
  And that's all I told Zuckerberg, and I've said it on air, all over the place.
  Boy, I'm here in Kauai.
  I love it.
  I go there at least once a year.
  Most people in the place on earth I've seen.
  And all anybody talks about is how when everything collapses, they're coming to get Zuckerberg.
  And I said to Zuckerberg, I said, do you understand?
  Like, you're Dr. Frankenstein.
  To them.
  I know you're just a pawn.
  And all anyone talks about is how they can't wait to come after you.
  I hope that's...
  I don't want that to happen, Zuckerberg.
  I don't want you to end up like the...
  Head of the healthcare company.
  Oh, they're now attacking Rogan because he talked about the healthcare company getting killed.
  He goes, man, insurance companies are really corrupt.
  How they work with the drug companies to actually raise prices.
  You think they're lowering them and how they get kickbacks and blah, blah, blah.
  Something he's covered forever.
  And now they're editing tapes of him and different shows together to make it sound like he said it was good to kill that guy to try to get sympathy for the healthcare workers.
  I mean, the healthcare death cult owners.
  You know, if CNN starts endorsing the big healthcare company corrupt people, that'll cause those guys war problems.
  I don't want anybody to go kill the healthcare death cult leaders.
  I want to kill their lies.
  I want to kill their agendas.
  I want to expose them.
  Don't turn them into victims.
  Don't turn them into martyrs.
  And if you think healthcare companies running scams and insurance companies being involved, that's bad.
  And they deserve to go to prison.
  And he was under criminal investigation for insider trading.
  But that's just the tip of the iceberg.
  The real villains are Bill Gates, Anthony Fauci, Tedros, King Charles, Klaus Schwab, John Kerry,
  Larry Fink, But I'm not going to go put up wanted posters for them.
  I'm not going to imply vigilantism on them.
  No, I'm going to spotlight them here on air to tens of millions of people.
  I'm going to take their attacks.
  I'm going to stay on air.
  You're going to fight with me.
  And at the end of the day, we're going to take our governments back.
  We're going to launch investigations.
  We're going to prosecute them.
  And they will be convicted.
  And they will get their appeals.
  And all the rest of it at the end of the day.
  We won't turn them into martyrs.
  That's too much.
  An execution is too good for them once they've actually been found guilty.
  No, they're just going to spend the rest of their lives in a jail cell.
  But notice the commies know the uprising against the elites coming.
  So they've already directed and hyped this.
  And I think this is CIA synthetic.
  I see it all over this.
  Can't say for sure, but I'm sure it is.
  Gut level.
  The eyes, Chico, they never lie.
  But the point is, all the background, it's a commie manifesto.
  Oh, it's the insurance head.
  It's just the guy that's the...
  No.
  If you were going to target the deep state, a health group insurance company head?
  I mean, that's like...
  Cutting the end off the tail of the end of a snake.
  That's not how you get a snake.
  Cut the head off.
  But it's an information war, so I cut their head off every day in the info war, and it is your support at thealexjonesstore.com that enables that, and the products are incredible.
  You're Christmas shopping now at thealexjonesstore.com.
  My dad is chemistry background, also a retired doctor, but he came in to help me run my supplement division 13 years ago.
  The deep state sued the hell out of him.
  We're going to our guest in a moment, but I gotta do this.
  Thank you, sir.
  And They basically almost destroyed my parents.
  They didn't even complain until I heard about it from family that my dad was at the edge of bankruptcy himself with all the lawsuits the Democrats filed.
  By the way, they said in court that their attorney's fees are $316 million yesterday.
  They filed before they spent $80 million suing me.
  We spent $16 million fighting them.
  My dad spent $2 million fighting them.
  And we're finally winning.
  Not only does my dad's supplement company, drjonesnaturals.com, have some of the best supplements, it is a personal request I ask you to support him.
  Because he's been a sponsor and wouldn't tell me in the last few years he was out of money.
  He was giving everything to InfoWars.
  And then, personally, going through his savings and selling things he had and not telling me.
  Because that's how dads are.
  My mother wouldn't tell me.
  Then when I found out about this a few months ago when they were out of town, I went and dug through all his finances in his office.
  And I got pissed.
  So, it is a personal thing for me, a warrior who fights for you every day and my own future as well, to ask you, I need your help.
  We're good to go.
  Please support us.
  Go to drjonesadgrills.com.
  There's a new sale.
  Everything is 30% off.
  Next Level Foundational Energy, All Fluoride-Free Toothpaste, Silver Bullet Colloidal Silver, CoQ10, and Corsets and Macs that are high-end Corsets and CoQ10 for 40% off.
  Or try these other amazing products.
  Ultimate Longevity Pack for 50% off a big sale.
  And my dad...
  Literally took a loan last week to be able to buy the product that's coming in finally next week.
  Turbo Force, things like that are popular.
  So we're trying to stabilize something that's important.
  And the enemy can get us so down to burn us out and shut us down.
  My dad won't stop fighting.
  He's a fighter.
  Hell, he is my dad.
  I think I'm a fighter.
  They wouldn't even tell me this stuff.
  We need to sell out of the little bit of stuff they got left just to get the next three or four products that are finally coming in to get them back on their feet so they can be a sponsor.
  But this point, it's not even about sponsoring the Alex Jones Show.
  It's about my parents.
  And if you think I can continue to fight the globalists when my parents are being destroyed, that's what the enemy targeted me.
  So, please, support the info war today.
  Support my mother and my father.
  I'm asking it personally for you to do it now.
  And if 5% of the millions watching me go do it, all our problems will be over in one minute.
  But it's less than one-half, one percent to ever buy anything from drjonesnagros.com, thealexjonesstore.com.
  And for those that do support, thank you for keeping us in the fight for our futures.
  So, thealexjonesstore.com, drjonesnagros.com.
  I'm going to shut up at the balance of this hour.
  All right, I've...
  Broken down the big picture here, gone through a lot.
  I only spent 30 minutes really the first hour with Trump's really strong anti-nuclear war, anti-World War III statements.
  I want to get to more of that when we come back at the angles I didn't hit.
  Then I've got the huge J6 news coming out and so much more in this hour.
  But here's an update on the deep state failing to shut down M4s.
  The war on information has reached its next inevitable higher perch.
  The impending Streisand effect, resulting from the unrelenting childish lawfare waged upon a former president of the United States and Infowars, has finally reached adulthood.
  Told everyone that the Justice Department appointed individual, because the feds can intervene in a case, Like it's Enron or something, like I'm a crook.
  And they've been at the depositions and harassed the snot out of me for the last two years looking for all this hidden money and all these crimes I committed.
  And of course I didn't.
  And then they tried it on November 14th and said they had the auction.
  It wasn't an auction.
  And the judge said it wasn't an auction.
  And we've been here since then.
  And I said, I believe the judge will probably do the right thing.
  It's the court system on trial here, not me.
  And he did last night and said, this is bull.
  No one can understand this.
  This is fiat money.
  It's exactly what I said to you when this all went down almost a month ago.
  And I listened to his 25-minute ruling, and I was nervous because he was showing both sides of it.
  But then he came back and said, this so-called auction was doomed from the beginning.
  After a two-day long marathon hybrid hearing in the bankruptcy court in Houston, Texas, the no-nonsense judge Christopher Lopez revealed his verdict after he had witnessed months of the weaponization of his courtroom to be center stage for the bidding of those that would ignore the technicalities of a standard live public auction,
  this time regarding free speech systems.
  There was no live auction.
  No identity of bidders to the other bidders.
  Two witnesses testified in support of the motion.
  Lots of direct examination.
  Lots of cross-examination.
  And I get it.
  While the case by its nature stirs emotions on all sides, my job today is to kind of consider the relief requested and granted, but it basically comes down to business judgment.
  Whether there's an articulated business reason here and also look at the process to ensure that the process has been served.
  I think Jones had an economic interest in the outcome of this case and had the right to argue that the sale process wasn't fair.
  So, they turned down all this money and then run around saying he won't give us our money.
  We're good to go.
  For their takeover of my site to then misrepresent it and steal our identity to confuse people.
  But they said that.
  I mean, is that not the most villainous stuff you ever heard?
  Judge Lopez continues.
  This is a 2022 case.
  I don't want to hold this auction.
  Trustee, you got something?
  Just let me know what you want to do.
  Today is not the day.
  30 days.
  I want to know what went wrong with this case.
  I thank everyone for their time.
  That's my ruling.
  We're done.
  Thank you.
  So now Infowars survives in the beginning of the Trump presidency.
  Guess what?
  We got the second George Washington.
  Congratulations!
  Whether Trump weighs in remains to be seen, as does the actions of the trustee Christopher Murray left in place by the judge over free speech systems.
  But one thing is for sure, the gloves are off.
  I'm not the only one.
  When the public finds out what the globalists have really done and they're starting too fast, they're never going to go.
  John Bowne reporting for Info.
  All right, it's Thursday, December 12th, 2024, as you know.
  It's 206 Central Time.
  We're live.
  If you're watching this later, obviously we're not.
  We're blasting out on hundreds of radio stations, TV, cable, infowars.com, forward slash show, band out video.
  But if that all gets taken away and shut down next month, the fight goes on.
  We'll be at Real Alex Jones on X and AJN Live, the network, and the other systems, which none of which we could have built with our great sponsors.
  At thealexshundestore.com without your support.
  And I've barely plugged today because the news is so important on World War III, on the new pandemic hysteria that is being launched, has been launched.
  It's going down.
  We've got to get ahead of it, expose the fraud of it, not let the PSYOP work, and it'll fizzle out.
  We've got a really good shot of just completely shutting it down.
  We've got a really good shot of stopping the escalation of World War III, and I want to get more into that in a moment because that's really the big story.
  Almost shameful.
  I just spent 30 minutes on it the first hour, but we had so many other things to hit as well.
  So I probably shouldn't be philosophized as much, though, on kind of the big picture.
  I just get into the real meat and potatoes here of what we're temporarily dealing with on the third dimension.
  But Finishing up with what I was just covering a little bit earlier, some stations don't carry the first five, but John Bowne did a good job with that quick report on the future of InfoWars.
  We'll post it on X. InfoWars lives to find another day, John Bowne.
  He didn't get to the best parts of the ruling, though, which I'm not criticizing his report.
  The judge said, this auction was doomed from the beginning because it wasn't an auction.
  And what were you thinking?
  I'm not saying anything criminal.
  He says, that's not, you know, the court's position.
  He basically said, that's not our job.
  That's other people to look into it, which it is, don't worry.
  But, what were you thinking?
  You can't even tell me how much the winning bid was?
  It's fiat money?
  And then he still let the U.S. trustee, the last one was taken off the case by him, June 14th, for all the shankens they pulled.
  He said, get back to me in January and you better have a deal.
  And he said, the deal I want is the most money for the creditors.
  And he listed the creditors.
  My dad's company that's owed money on record.
  A few vendors.
  And then you've got the appeals, still going, for years, of these ridiculous, fraudulent kangaroo court judgments.
  But they'll never get that money, even if the ridiculous rulings stand and the tides turned on lawfare, because it would take me...
  With current inflation, 15 lifetimes or whatever.
  It's ridiculous.
  So, my lawyers have asked me not to talk about what they really think is going on.
  But I'll tell you this, and I got some good lawyers.
  Going through this lawfare process the last seven years intensely, I've been having a lot better results because I read everything, I look at everything, and I make the decisions.
  And they're like, it is extremely rare to have a judge reverse a trustee.
  I said, it's going to happen.
  I said, I've watched that judge.
  I've listened to that judge.
  I've read a lot of his other rulings.
  He's not corrupt.
  He's not a crook.
  And this is so, I said it on air, I said, this is so ridiculous.
  I said, he has to rule against them.
  And I said it 30 minutes before he ruled.
  I mean, you walk into those judges in the show trials of Trump that were picked because they're Democrat Party operatives.
  They're clerks or work for Schumer.
  I mean, you name it.
  And I mean, they look like they should be in a Rob Zombie movie as like a serial killer or something.
  Giggling, laughing, making demonic faces, snickering.
  Doing horrible rulings.
  I mean, you look at them and you go, God Almighty, this person's going to be a frickin' nightmare.
  You go look at their cases.
  You know, the one in the New York case.
  The E. Gene Care, all of it.
  And they're like, we don't follow the law.
  We do whatever we want.
  Remember that to, like, law students?
  You're like, well, Trump's not getting a fair trial with this guy.
  And I went and looked at Lopez.
  And I'm like, hmm.
  I got other news to hit, but I mean, two years ago, more than two years ago, this started, and we go in there, and they go, Your Honor, he's got hundreds of millions ahead, and we know it.
  We referred it for criminal investigation.
  This is a master criminal, and we want you to use free speech as money for these outside international accounting firms to come in and rip everything apart and find it.
  He said, All right, do it.
  They come back six months later.
  Well, Your Honor, we still think he's hiding stuff.
  We want another firm.
  Okay.
  Six months later again.
  Your Honor, we want another firm.
  Okay.
  And then they had the PIs and the Foreign Intelligence Agency out of Dubai As if they didn't think we couldn't follow them back to their hotel and find out who they were.
  I mean, if I told you, make a movie out of it, folks.
  Okay?
  Imagine what Trump goes through.
  I mean, he doesn't tell you about 1% of it.
  But it is, it is.
  And that's what our government does.
  The U.S. government wants to harass somebody.
  They have a foreign group do it.
  But we, I mean, this is like, we have foreign governments.
  British MI6 was involved.
  We looked up who they were.
  They've got MI6 and Dubai spies.
  Targeting our crew.
  Targeting our people.
  Going to the security firm that does other businesses and telling them, oh, we work for this businessman.
  We want you to come meet with us at a hotel restaurant.
  And then the head of the security company gets there.
  And they're like, we want to learn from you how we commit crimes.
  How do we launder money?
  How do we hide money?
  How do we sexually abuse women?
  And he's like, excuse me?
  Well, you know, you had a specialty, right, in that?
  And so, you know, right there, okay.
  No, I've never done anything like that with all the stuff this company and I've done at other security companies around the world.
  No, we don't commit crimes.
  And so we called the FBI and did a file on them.
  And of course, we then go and get their cars.
  Who are they?
  Get their information.
  Do an investigation.
  Frickin' MI6 and Dubai Intelligence.
  And I could go on for hours, okay?
  I mean, do these people actually think we launder money?
  Do they actually think we rape women?
  Do they actually think we're going to That the private security company that like has on their resume, yeah, we'll help you rape women and cover it up.
  I mean, it's like dealing with cartoon characters.
  I'll go home today and build a fire and play Christmas music and cook with my wife.
  Hadn't done that in...
  Weeks I've been so busy.
  I go home and eat and stuff, but I like to cook.
  I want to have a fire and smell burning firewood and light candles and listen to classic Christmas music.
  And then I'm going to go read books to my daughter before she goes to bed, and then I'm going to go research the globalists.
  I'll probably take a hot bath with some bath salts.
  And then I'm going to get up at 5 in the morning, and I'm going to fight the tyrants.
  See, that's what I do.
  And every once in a while I have time, I'll get in the car with my dad, my older kids, my younger child, and we'll drive out to the old family ranch in East Texas, and we'll maybe do a little deer hunting.
  Drive around on the four-wheelers.
  Say prayer around the dinner table.
  Maybe we'll go out, do a little bow hunting.
  And you know, do stuff like wash our clothes, wipe our asses.
  But see, these people think we're like them.
  I didn't go around and bid rig and price fix and collude.
  You know, the bid with the company I was working with, they wouldn't even tell me their bid because that's the rules.
  And they followed the rules and made their cash bid.
  They told him, by the way, we changed those rules, we're not considering yours.
  Because you're the crooks.
  You're Alex Jones.
  And you look at the other side, they're lawyers and all of them, and you really feel, I mean, you're like, my God, this is central casting.
  Hollywood couldn't get a more unhealthy-looking, evil-looking, their voices, you're like, this is better than Hollywood.
  If I wanted to hire and make a remake of Devil's Advocate and have demons that work at a law firm that are really demons in human form, these people are way more convincing than Devil's Advocate with Al Pacino.
  And you just sit back and you look at them and you're like, my God.
  And then you realize, well, this is what it's all about.
  This is the test.
  God, isn't it?
  Yeah.
  And then, thank God, we're not them.
  We don't take pleasure at all.
  We're better.
  We're not demons.
  You're actually sad for them.
  And you're looking at them going, is there even a person in there?
  No, there's not even them.
  It's like you're talking to Agent Smith and the Matrix.
  It's like they don't even matter.
  They're just like, look at their feet.
  Look in their eyes.
  They got dead eyes.
  They're just robots.
  And I looked at Lopez and I went, he doesn't look like a robot.
  He doesn't sound like a robot.
  But I guess he's being told I'm this master criminal, so he's going to let these people do proctology exams on me.
  And I said, all right, whatever, I've signed up for this, so okay.
  And then he said on June 14th, when he removed the last group, he said, you've had a year and a half to do all these investigations.
  You never brought me one thing about Mr. Jones.
  You never brought me one thing backing up your allegations.
  Because it was all lies.
  Every bit of it.
  So, I don't know what's going to happen at a hearing yet to be said, they think, probably mid-January.
  I mean, look at this guy.
  You got confidence when you just look at him?
  No, it makes this hair on the back of your neck stand up.
  I just looked at Lopez.
  First time I was in his court.
  Now, I don't have a bad feeling about that guy.
  My lawyer's like, God, you got screwed on this.
  That's just horrible.
  I'm like, no, he's told I'm Lex Luthor.
  So I was like, okay, let's see.
  Of course I wasn't.
  And then the judge was like, okay, well, he's not what they say, so let's look into what they're like.
  And all they do is get up there and lie.
  They got up in front of him Tuesday.
  And said, the weird Australian, he's like, I can't even tell what it sounds like, he's like, this is, your honor, yeah, Mr. Jones just yesterday said he will never stop attacking the families and coming after them to get them and hurt them.
  The judge shut him down and he said, I'm not going to listen to this.
  What does this have to do with this case?
  It's not evidence.
  Of course, I didn't say that.
  I said to Bloomberg and the Democrats and their operatives who colluded in a conspiracy against my rights and your rights to the First Amendment, not just me having my rights violated and being suppressed, you're having your right to see and listen to what you want to check out taken away.
  You're having a digital book burned.
  That doesn't just hurt the author, it hurts the reader just as much.
  I didn't say that.
  I said the people that ran this, I'm gonna get justice and I'm never gonna stop fighting.
  And you violated my rights and I'm suing you.
  And I'm coming after you.
  Politically.
  And I'm not the type of guy Ever even tries to touch the levers of government.
  But on this, yeah.
  You're going to get that too.
  And I'm the type of guy that lets the bad guys know I'm coming for you.
  Not going to harm a hair on your head.
  Not going to stalk you.
  Not going to send PIs after you.
  Not going to violate any of your rights.
  I'm going to stand up for mine because I'm done with you attacking me.
  You know, I can take being attacked myself.
  In fact, I kind of like it.
  It doesn't mean I'm over the target.
  But you came after my family.
  And so I swear to God, if it's the last thing I ever do, I'm going to get justice.
  So you put that in the bank, and you can be guaranteed that until my dying breath, I will never stop exposing the entire globalist agenda, and I will never stop exposing what you did and how you made up all this stuff I supposedly did to raise money off me,
  to play victims.
  And had your show trials and all the rest of the stuff you did.
  And you go lie again and say, I'm attacking the families.
  It's always the, oh, it's the families.
  It's the families.
  But the former head of the FBI in Connecticut, their former chief counsel got up and I wonder why they testified.
  I didn't even know that until he did it.
  He was their witness how he decided to get me sued, and he went and organized and found the law firm and went and got everybody organized, but they wanted to hide it in plain view.
  I'm sitting there going, I'm like, who is this guy sued me?
  Well, who is he?
  You never talked about him, never said his name.
  He's your host.
  He's an FBI agent.
  Got $130 million made-up money.
  I mean, I could write that on the back of a piece of paper, too.
  Here's $130 million, sir.
  It doesn't exist.
  But it's all this...
  Again, it's this con game.
  It's this delusional thing these people do.
  And...
  I saw him up at the mediation seven, eight months ago in Fort Worth.
  Court-ordered at a federal courthouse, federal judge over it.
  And he was at the back, and I walked in and out a few times.
  It was in the courtroom.
  And I felt sorry for him, so I went over to shake his hand.
  And he just looked completely embarrassed and just looked down at his feet.
  I said, hello, Mr. such-and-such.
  You know, hello.
  See, I wasn't ashamed of myself in there.
  I knew what really went on.
  I knew what they really did.
  I didn't have any shame.
  I was ashamed for him.
  I was ashamed for them.
  So, I don't know what's going to happen to him for worse.
  I mean, the judge has the trustee on a short leash.
  And everything he's doing is being reviewed.
  And of course, he decided to abandon, as the judge said, the enforced claim and throw it to state courts.
  And we know what the Democrats in downtown will do.
  They'll just come in here immediately and padlock this place and throw us out.
  Hey, as long as I leave it all on the field, and as long as I tell the truth and fight, because this is something they want as a symbol, I'm not worried about it.
  God's gonna do what God's gonna do.
  I'm at peace.
  I told the crew that day, I said, as he was about to roll, I said, whatever happens, we've been honest.
  We've been the best we can be.
  We're the good guys.
  And whatever happens, we'll continue on with broadcast unless there's World War III and they pull an internet kill switch.
  Those are our bigger problems.
  But we have to understand that They're going to act like it's a big defeat of us and all the rest of it.
  But I said, I think we're going to win.
  I think this judge is not corrupt.
  I think he's a good, decent person.
  And he'll go against all the peer pressure and the corporate media because he's seen the evidence.
  And I said, we're going to win.
  But I said, that doesn't mean we won't still get shut down.
  And so I don't want people thinking that the name Infowars or this building or this equipment is us.
  It's not.
  It's who we are.
  It's what we stand for.
  It's what we continue to do.
  These people want to convince you because they take a name or they say they beat you, that then you're supposed to believe you're beaten and go away.
  Did Donald Trump do that through all the attacks where they kept telling him he'd failed?
  They kept telling him he was over?
  No, he knew he was in the right.
  So he won.
  And this is a microcosm of everything else you see in the world.
  This is a case point study.
  So I'll say this in closing before we come back.
  And I'm going to shoot some other special reports on the out-of-control UFO invasion and PSYOP and the Trump against World War III finally coming out.
  Very powerful.
  Very good.
  But they're really going to come after him now.
  Just to say this.
  There is one variable.
  The bad guys are the bad guys.
  We're the mavericks.
  We're not going to stop fighting.
  But I need you to understand that in the equation, it is you that is the most important.
  Evil is going to be evil.
  I'm going to be the rebel and fight them.
  But I'm only strong...
  Because of you supporting us.
  A military, great soldiers will go out and fight all day long.
  They gotta have training, uniforms, ammunition, intelligence, you know, all that goes into it.
  I am provisioned by you.
  I am commissioned.
  All your support over the years, your word of mouth, your prayer, your financial support, you commissioned me.
  I can be exhausted at 9 o'clock at night.
  Something breaks that's big.
  I get up.
  I go do a report because if I ever start not doing it, I'm not giving 100% and I am not following your commission.
  You hired me As your representative, you elected me when you spread the word, when you prayed, when you purchased products.
  That's an election in the free market.
  You voted for me.
  You voted for my crew.
  You bet on me.
  I work for you.
  I'm an extension of you.
  I'm like a NASA Mars rover that they build and launch and send out to do something.
  You understand that?
  I'm like your right hand.
  I'm like a sword in your hand.
  That's not an analogy.
  I am your weapon.
  I don't care about dying.
  I don't care about prison.
  I don't care about being lied about it.
  I don't care.
  I'm on a mission.
  I love this.
  I'm a warrior.
  I'm strong.
  God gave me the street for a reason to do this.
  I'm fulfilling my destiny.
  And I love God so much for the opportunity, but God says to me, yes, and I work through the people, so thank them for listening to my voice.
  I'm talking about God.
  Because you're soldiers in the fight, just as important as I am.
  And you should speak out, and you should be a talk show host, or write a book, or do whatever God tells you to do.
  But whatever God puts on your heart, you should do it.
  Because I'm here to rally other people to be leaders as well.
  That's where we've really been successful.
  We'll be right back.
  The all-time fan favorite bestseller, Vitamin Mineral Fusion is finally back in stock exclusively available at drjonesnaturals.com, my dad's great supplement company website.
  Ladies and gentlemen, Vitamin Mineral Fusion is the all-time fan favorite bestseller.
  Because listeners and viewers absolutely love it.
  It's got all the essential vitamins and minerals.
  It's got a bunch of concentrated super foods and super herbs, amino acids.
  It's got everything you need.
  So many people have health problems and issues because they have vitamin and mineral deficiencies.
  It tastes great, it's all natural, and it funds the Info Award.
  Find out why it's been our number one bestseller.
  You've never tried it.
  For those of you that have had it, you love it.
  It's available again and it keeps us on the air at this critical time.
  So thank you all for your support.
  Vitamin Mineral Fusion is now back in stock, discounted at drjonesnaturals.com.
  And check out all the other great products while you're there.
  Thank you so much for keeping us in the fight.
  Now get your Vitamin Mineral Fusion right now at drjonesnaturals.com.
  Ladies and gentlemen, it is the Alex Jones Show.
  I am Chase Geiser, your host for the next 24 minutes and 13 seconds on this Thursday, December 12th, 2024, Year of Our Lord.
  We're going to hit some clips and analysis for the next 24 minutes or so.
  So right before Owen Schroer takes over with The War Room, first I want to get into this.
  Drone footage.
  And Alex, I think, did an outstanding job covering this.
  I talked a little bit about it on Sunday as well.
  And if you follow people like Cliff High and others, there's been speculation that this type of event was going to happen for quite some time.
  The Greers and others, Operation Blue Beam, fake alien invasion in order to consolidate all world power and get people wrangled behind This pro-human species movement against the foreign entities that are attacking us.
  And I don't know if this is part of some ploy or not to trick humanity into thinking that it's being monitored or attacked or invaded by aliens.
  But it seems to me much more likely that this is simply the various deep states of the world flexing some of their classified technology as we escalate these conflicts toward World War III. And a lot of the bizarre stuff that happened over the course of the last couple of years.
  When I say bizarre stuff, I'm talking about massive power outages, massive internet outages, massive cellular outages.
  They all seem to have happened within a couple of days of some conflict between Russia or some escalation with Russia or some conflict with Iran or some conflict with China.
  We shoot down a weather balloon or a balloon or whatever.
  That was sent over into our territory and then within a couple of days AT&T's out for like six or nine hours.
  Or Southwest Airlines is incapable of booking any flights for an entire day.
  Or all the planes in the United Kingdom have to be grounded for a day because of some communication error.
  It seems to me that this is World War III happening right before our eyes only kind of covertly.
  And that these escalations are more of a psychological operation or a deep state play that we're seeing unfold right before our eyes than they are any sort of alien invasion.
  I'm somebody who believes that intelligent life exists throughout the universe.
  I just don't think they're flying around and blinking red and green lights in our skies.
  But let's look on clip number five at how quickly Fox News was to have an expert on to talk about how it's Iran.
  It's Iran.
  Clip number five.
  And from very high sources, very qualified sources, very responsible sources, I'm going to tell you the real deal.
  Iran launched a mothership, probably about a month ago, that contains these drones.
  That mothership is off...
  I'm going to tell you the deal.
  It's off the East Coast of the United States of America.
  They've launched drones.
  Everything that we can see or hear, and again, these are from high sources.
  I don't say this lightly.
  Now, you know, we know there was a probability It could have been our own government.
  We know it's not our own government because they would have let us know.
  It could have been some really glorified hobbyist or hobbyists that were doing something unbelievable.
  They don't have the technology.
  But let's pretend that's possible.
  The third possibility was somebody, an adversarial country, doing this.
  Know that Iran made a deal with China To purchase drones, motherships, and technology in order to go forward.
  The sources I have are good.
  They can't reveal who they are because they are speaking to me in confidentiality.
  These drones should be shot down.
  Whether it was some crazy hobbyist that we can't imagine, or whether it is Iran, and I think it very possibly could be, they should be shot down.
  We are not getting the full deal, and the military is on alert with this.
  Look, you've given us some pretty dire information just here, and I want to make sure that our viewers are digesting this.
  Iran has the capability to pull up along our eastern seaboard and launch drones the size of an SUV into the skies of several states, particularly New Jersey, where we know the incoming president has a large home, also in the same county or nearby where some of these drones in New Jersey have been seen.
  That capability exists.
  It's possible some of those drones are here.
  So I have two questions.
  How are they fueling them?
  They have to land somewhere.
  Drones don't fly forever.
  Why don't they close down the airspace?
  Yes, it's inconvenient.
  Yes, it's the holidays.
  Shut it down.
  But if you start shooting things and you don't know how they're fueled, that's going to be mass explosions.
  This isn't like one spy balloon.
  Congressman, this is serious.
  We've got to bring them down, and we've got to find a way to bring them down.
  I don't know exactly where they're landing, obviously.
  I have some information.
  And again, this isn't just Jeff Vandrew, oh, let's get on Harris Faulkner's show and say something outrageous.
  I'm telling you a straight deal from very high-positioned individuals who are telling me this.
  And the bottom line is they're launching them.
  They are across the country.
  We don't even have anything like this.
  Our government and also certainly our hobbyists don't.
  So think about it.
  Not only do I have the information, but it's also common sense.
  We've got to get them down.
  We've got to determine how they function, what they do, make sure that we can get them, and you're right, in a safe way.
  When I say shoot them down, get them down any way that you can, but right now they're probably extracting information.
  This is a clear and present danger to the United States and to our president-elect, and it's a serious business.
  Well, and if one of them happens to fall, And they're fueled.
  And it's fueled.
  They're just buying it.
  They're just buying it, and it's just like what we've seen with Luigi Mangini.
  But I want to read this tweet for you from Harrison Smith.
  This is a brilliant analysis.
  I can't believe those dastardly Iranians are at it again.
  First, they attack Israel for no reason at all.
  Then they try to kill Trump.
  Then they hack his campaign.
  Now they're flying UFOs over New Jersey.
  When will their reign of terror end?
  Iran, Iran, Iran, like an episode of the Brady Bunch.
  Marsha, Marsha, Marsha.
  Only it's Martians, Martians, Martians.
  Those Iranian Martians.
  Isn't it obvious that they're just trying to blame Iran for everything because they want to escalate a conflict between the United States and Iran?
  And if something, God forbid, were to happen to Donald Trump, they'd want to immediately blame Iran for it so we could go into World War III. I don't care about the drones.
  And what also makes me totally sick about this is the disproportionate way in which our intelligence community enforces its asinine level of power.
  I mean, they have all of our cell phone data, all of our email data.
  They're watching your wife change clothes through the webcam on her laptop in the bedroom.
  We know this because of Edward Snowden.
  Yet they can't seem to figure out a way to hack these drones.
  They can't bring down these drones.
  They can't prevent these drones.
  They're letting it happen because they want you to see it, and they want Harris Faulkner, I mean, she's a sweetheart, but God, she's dumb, to cover it just like that so that all the boomers in the whole country who still watch Fox, despite the fact there's no reason to watch Fox whatsoever, Think that Iran is some major threat because we want another escalation in the Middle East.
  It just makes me so sick.
  It's just like how within days or weeks of this murder of this healthcare CEO, they catch Luigi Mangione, the grandson of Nicholas Mangione, who's intimately connected to the Pelosi's, both her father and her oldest brother.
  Going back decades and decades.
  They catch him in, what, a week or two weeks, within a couple of weeks of this murder that he supposedly committed.
  But they still haven't found the January 6th pipe bomber.
  You can't find the guy that put bombs in Washington, D.C. three years ago.
  But, oh, it's Mangione.
  There he is.
  He's at the McDonald's.
  Good on those McDonald's employees who got your order wrong, but somehow recognize this man.
  They don't know how many nuggets you ordered.
  They don't know what soda you got.
  The DEI hiring and everything like that.
  But, oh, I think I saw that guy on a wanted poster.
  Very bizarre.
  Very, very bizarre.
  Meanwhile, we've got Bill Clinton going on The View.
  Another thing that doesn't make any sense.
  Why would anybody go on The View after Donald Trump explicitly demonstrated that people are only watching alternative media and podcasts?
  Why would Bill Clinton go on The View when no one is watching?
  Here's what he has to say about the deep state acting against Hillary Clinton in 2016. This is clip number eight.
  In the book you write that after your wife Hillary's lost, when she lost to Donald Trump in 2016, you had outbursts of rage and you didn't sleep for years, two years.
  Me either, I still can't sleep.
  So you should call Joy.
  Call me up.
  So how are you sleeping now?
  What's gonna happen now?
  I'm sleeping better now because I did everything I could for the alternative.
  That's true.
  But I also I think it's important for everybody to just take a deep breath and say, unlike in 2016, there was no outside influence.
  The FBI director interfering at the last moment in violation of 70 years of policy.
  And it changed 5% overnight.
  In my lifetime, I've never seen a poll change 5% overnight.
  So anybody that says that he didn't give Trump the election needs a- Think about it again.
  Yeah.
  But this time, Donald Trump won the race fair and square, I think.
  What do you mean you think?
  I mean, I'm not like him.
  I have to have some evidence to make a charge.
  So as far as I know, he won it.
  Okay, so the deep state is the reason that Hillary Clinton didn't win in 2016. At least he acknowledges that Trump won this election legitimately.
  But it's not just the view and it's not just the Clintons who come out with their backhanded compliments or their backhanded acknowledgements of the truth.
  We also see that Canada is absolutely freaking out over Trump's Inauguration coming up on January 20th.
  We see Premier Doug Ford responding to Trump's tariff here.
  This is clip number four.
  This is what Canada has to say about some of Trump's new policies that he's suggesting in order to fight for America first.
  Clip four.
  Did the Prime Minister tell you where the billion dollars is going to go, or is it a billion dollars for the new year for CBSA RCMP? Did he give you any details of where those retaliatory tariffs would be aimed on American goods?
  No.
  Chrystia Freeland is going to put a list together.
  We're going to put our list together, and I'm sure the other provinces will as well.
  But we will go to the full extent, depending on how far this goes.
  We will go to the extent of cutting off their energy, going down to Michigan, going down to New York State, and over to Wisconsin.
  I don't want this to happen, but my number one job is to protect Ontarians and Canadians as a whole, since we're the largest Yeah, so I've been to Ontario a couple of times.
  It's a major shithole.
  When I was there in Toronto, they were having massive strikes.
  The streets were just littered with garbage.
  I was in Guelph, Ontario, and people were reporting, this was back 20 years ago, littered with garbage because All of the waste management, trash collectors, garbage collectors were striking.
  I mean, this is what happens when you allow organized labor to take over.
  Organized labor and organized crime are the same thing.
  And when you have this workers movement and this labor movement, Where the political class is weaponized.
  There's like a reciprocal weaponization between this labor Marxist movement and this Marxist political class against any honest individual in any civilization.
  You just have trashy cities full of crime and illegal migrants and garbage and collapse.
  I saw some crazy statistic the other day.
  I think it was actually posted by Jordan Peterson saying that even the Richest parts and communities of Canada were now averaging below...
  The average prosperity in the United States.
  The whole entire economic collapse of their civilization has happened under the leadership of Trudeau with his fun socks and his cross legs and his Taylor Swift concert appearances.
  But here's another Canadian politician in clip number 10 saying she's very concerned about Trump joking on social media about making Canada the 51st state.
  Hilarious.
  Watch.
  Trump on his true social this morning greeted the prime minister as the governor of the 51st state, something along that line.
  Have you seen that?
  Do you have any thoughts about that, about the dynamics of the relationship?
  I haven't seen that, so I probably shouldn't comment.
  With the true social post of Donald Trump planting a Canadian flag on a Canadian mountain, I have to say, To the extent that this 51st state thing was a joke, it's not funny.
  And I find that pursuing it on social media makes me increasingly nervous.
  Mr. Trump has...
  We have to be very, very careful with the president-elect.
  And we have to pull together, I think, all opposition party leaders.
  She's literally not ready to turn into scabbers.
  All elements of the Canadian political establishment, such as we are, better pull together to make sure we don't create any cracks that allow Fox News or Mr. Trump's social media to exploit us and say things about Canada that aren't true.
  We have to be very careful about President Trump.
  And I've got this clip of Joy Reid here.
  This is clip number 11. I literally titled it Joy Reid is retarded about everything.
  This is just one minute of the crazy that we're seeing from the left in response to this unprecedented defeat that they face.
  Let's watch clip number 11. What do you think running government like a business looks like?
  It looks like what Ramaswamy and Elon Musk are about to do.
  Businesses run on efficiency.
  They need costs to be low and profits to be high.
  It is not profitable to take care of old people and veterans.
  It's not profitable to take care of children or give kids free lunch at school.
  These are not profit-making things.
  They're things government does.
  So if you cut them, You will be behaving like a business.
  If you cut veterans care, you will be behaving like a business.
  If you privatize veterans healthcare, you will be running government like a business.
  If you get rid of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which they want to do, which is the bureau that protects regular people from getting gouged by, I don't know, banks and their credit card companies.
  If you get rid of that, you'd be acting like a business.
  You'd be running government like a business.
  If you privatize Social Security, you'd be running government like a business.
  What do people think running government like a business looks like?
  Businesses don't care about if you're happy, if you're healthy, if you're alive.
  They care about- But governments do.
  They only care about profits.
  If you run government like a business, you literally get what Rama Swami and Elon Musk are about to do to the government.
  She is so dumb that it's insulting.
  It's insulting that some producer somewhere Decided that she should be the face of any television show on any major network saying anything to the people with any sort of authority.
  I mean, she was literally broadcasting for months with the exact same haircut as Donald Trump until somebody called her out on it on the street and then she shaved her head.
  And now she's going up there and saying that it's a problem to run government like a business because business doesn't care about anybody when every genocide, every holocaust that's ever existed, every mass bombing that's ever taken place has taken place on behalf of a government, not on behalf of a business.
  Oh, but the government does care about you.
  And frankly, the government is a corporation.
  It's the only corporation with a monopoly on military force, with a monopoly on violence.
  So yes, it should be run more efficiently.
  Are you saying that it should be run less efficiently and that we should actually spend more than we draw in in revenue and that it's okay that we're going into debt and printing the money and making everybody super poor except for those rich enough to invest in the stock market who make money disproportionately off of inflation while the others suffer even more than ever before?
  Oh, so we should just keep doing things how we're doing them, huh, Joy?
  Oh, so asinine.
  Yeah, that's her with Trump's haircut.
  She didn't have that for very long.
  But here's Marc Andreessen talking about the old big tech model, speaking of billionaires and philanthropy and government involvement, and how it's changed.
  This is clip number 15. I want to show you this clip, and then on the other side of that, I want to show you a different clip of Alex, kind of highlighting how Marc Andreessen is absolutely right and why Marc Andreessen is absolutely right in this clip.
  Clip number 15. There was basically something that nobody ever wrote down, but everybody understood, which I call the deal.
  The deal was somebody like me basically could start a company.
  You could invent a new technology.
  In this case, web browsers and all the other things that Netscape did.
  Everybody would think that was great.
  By the way, we got glowing press coverage.
  Everybody loved us.
  It was great.
  Sure.
  That washes away all of your sins, reclassifies you as from a suspect business mogul to a virtuous philanthropist, and then that's that.
  And that's the arc, and it's all great and wonderful.
  And then, by the way, along the way, the press loves you.
  You get invited.
  You get honorary degrees at all the universities.
  You get invited to all the great parties.
  You get invited to Davos.
  You get invited to Aspen.
  You get to come in and sit with the New York Times editorial board.
  The dinner parties are spectacular.
  There's all these incredibly important, wonderful people.
  And then you get married, and you and your spouse have the exact same politics.
  And then you sign the giving pledge, and everything's awesome.
  You say the giving pledge and everything is great.
  And then Warren Buffett talks about how great you are.
  It's all wonderful.
  And basically what happened, what I experienced, and what I experienced was they, the people in charge of all this, basically broke the deal in basically every way that you possibly can.
  So basically every single thing I just said for the last decade has been now held to be presumptively evil.
  And we can kind of go step by step kind of through that.
  So it's everything from just the whole idea that there are certain people who merit a greater economic outcome than others.
  Is it self evil?
  Technology, of course, is held to be presumptively evil.
  Tech companies are held to be presumptively evil.
  Tech people are held to be this evil class.
  Anybody who's rich is evil.
  And then the capstone for me, the thing that really shook me, was when I realized that philanthropy was being redefined as evil.
  And that's not uniform yet, but that's a real thing.
  And so this very specific thing that happened there was my friend Mark Zuckerberg and his wife.
  Did this thing because they were operating according to the deal, right?
  And so they did this thing where they announced and committed that 99% of their ownership in Facebook was going to go to philanthropic causes.
  And in fact, by the way, nonpolitical philanthropic causes, the big mission of what they call the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, is literally to cure all disease in the next hundred years.
  And they just got hammered with criticism and attacks on that.
  And the line of argument was literally, oh, they're just slimy rich people and they're only doing it for the tax break.
  Which is like a basic mathematical problem, which is you don't give away 99% of your money for a tax break.
  It doesn't make any sense.
  But what I realized is there's this real sentiment now, and this is real, and this is real and still growing, which is philanthropy is evil because the morally correct thing to do is for the government to do all this.
  And so what they should be doing is they should be getting taxed.
  So he's right and he's wrong.
  And I'll show you clip number 14 here to emphasize the point.
  This is one of my favorite clips of Alex that I just found for the first time the other day.
  The reason people think the philanthropy is evil in large, and I like Mark, and he's brilliant, and I mostly agree with him almost every time I hear him speak.
  But it's because we've seen time after time after time after time again, these people from this political class, not all billionaires, but those billionaires and multimillionaires who participate in the political class, start up these funds, start up these nonprofits, not for tax breaks,
  but as a way to funnel and launder money.
  You see what Bill Gates did over the years, and I'm not going to blame Zuckerberg, but I mean, some of the things that he did in 2020 with his philanthropy and his get-out-the-vote stuff is very questionable to say the least.
  And there's been such a lack of trust in these people because of what they've done through their philanthropy over the decades that yes, it looks very suspicious to me.
  This is clip number 14. Watch.
  David Rockefeller and the hero Bill Gates Sure they write publications about how they want you to die But they've got a shot they want to give you in the thigh Cause they want you to be happy Sure they talk about euthanizing grammar And sure they give kids polio with their program.
  46,000 in India last year.
  Paralyzed children.
  Cause Bill Gates is a hero.
  Sweetie Pie, Billy Gates.
  He wants you to eat GMO. La, la, la, la, la.
  The New World Order loves you.
  Oh yeah, they're friendly too.
  Come on in and let your mind wander on fluoride and Prozac.
  Enjoy the cancer rate exploding and neurological disorder.
  Oh, it's wonderful.
  Sports are coming up on SportsCenter.
  Oh, yeah.
  Obama's announcing he's a dictator.
  Oh, they're going to take my guns for no reason, no law.
  Oh, world government, I'll pay my carbon taxes to them.
  They want to ban over-the-counter vitamins.
  Oh, they want to raise property taxes.
  Oh.
  Kill babies up to age three?
  That's reasonable.
  I'm not against that.
  It's a wonderful land, new world order.
  Bill Gates, he loves That's why people don't trust philanthropy anymore, folks.
  And by the way, it's not really charity if the only reason you're doing it is for PR. Oh, we're going to give 99% of our shares in Facebook away to charity.
  You're doing it out of the kindness of your heart.
  Thanks for making a press release about it.
  Isn't there a passage in the Bible about praying behind a closed door because you're not supposed to publicly demonstrate how awesome of a person you are?
  You're just supposed to quietly and covertly do it for the sake of your own conscience.
  Folks, Owen Schroer's coming up on the other side of this three-minute break.
  Make sure you stay tuned for The War Room, hosted by Owen Schroer, and visit thealexjonesstore.com right now.
  By the way, our best-selling product of all time, the Ultimate CMOS Gummies, are available right now for pre-order, shipping before New Year's Day.
  Stay tuned for more on the other side.
  Well, the winner, Chris DiLaro, is here in studio from New Jersey, former F-16 Air Force fighter pilot and flew the big 777s.
  What an amazing aircraft.
  Chris, I gotta say, man, we love you.
  Thanks for the support.
  I love you, Alex.
  I love Bigley, Nate, Colin.
  Thanks, Chris.
  This is one of the pinnacles in my life, and there have been a few good ones, but this is right up there, just being in this studio.
  I never imagined I'd be here.
  Well, we appreciate you, brother.
  You're the reason we're here.
  It's so cool how cool the listeners are.
  It is.
  Wow, thank you.
  The listeners are amazing.
  Like, everyone that goes to the Alex Jones store, obviously you're in it to win this truck, but this experience of coming on the show, how is this, Chris?
  I mean, is this not, this is like a, it's a dream, I would feel like, for the winner, right?
  Fortunately, I slept pretty good last night, but it's been very stressful because he said, Colin said, you're going on the show, and I was like, I'm a little camera shy, but here I am.
  And I've done well, Lord Vader.
  I said, I'll do whatever I need to do to help Alex and Bigley.
  Well, I'm glad I got to meet you.
  We're going to eat some barbecue from Terry Black's here in a minute.
  I'm starting to mouthwater when you said that.
  Oh, I'm starving.
  Now, real quick, this is all done by a computer, by a professional company.
  I was talking to you guys before.
  Sometimes it's in the middle of it.
  Sometimes it's at the end.
  Sometimes it's at the start.
  Have you seen where somebody who entered on the first day won?
  You know, honestly, we've done probably 30 of these giveaways and have never seen someone win on the very first day.
  But we have these multipliers that go into place maybe at the first week and the last week of the giveaway, right?
  And during these multipliers, if you spend $10, you get 100 entries.
  If you spend $100, you get 1,000 entries, right?
  It's a 10x multiplier for when you enter during that time period.
  You actually enter during the 10x time period, right?
  And at the end of the giveaway, we run the 10x time period as well.
  So it was one of the best times to enter to win.
  And, I mean, you got more entries for how much you spent.
  With the new contest, where are we right now?
  It's a brand new Ford F-250 Super Duty trimmer.
  It's sick.
  It's all black, jacked up.
  It's Alex Jones verified for sure.
  He picked the wheels.
  He picked the tires.
  It looks good.
  I don't know.
  Yeah, we're showing it right here.
  It also comes with $10,000 in cash as well.
  Chris, do you have that on you?
  Yeah, this is not a hoax, people.
  He is the winner of all the thousands of folks that came to thealexjonesstore.com and got products to be entered to win or just put your email in for free and you're entered to win.
  He bought two t-shirts, ladies and gentlemen, and he won this incredible super truck.
  Somebody can be like Chris.
  They can go to thealexjonesstore.com.
  They can order the great CMOS, order any of the great supplements, t-shirts, hats, whatever, and you're entered to win a badass, brand new F-250 trimmer, fully loaded pickup truck, and you get $10,000 in cash, and we fly you down here.
  You get to meet Alex.
  You get to be on the show.
  If you just enter your email, you're still entered to win.
  Go to thealexjonesstore.com.
  Enter your email.
  Join the VIP club.
  I promise you next week what you'll get for being in the VIP club.
  You'll be very excited.
  I knew folks would love the last truck, and I know you'll love this truck as well.
  Another incredible pickup truck.
  Super off-road package, this time from Ford.
  It's a beautiful truck.
  Super high ratings and you get $10,000 in cash on top of it for the lucky winner.
  A 2024 Ford F-250 Super Duty Diesel Tremor Edition, 6.7 liter high output power stroke diesel engine with 500 horsepower and 1,200 lb-ft per torque, 2-inch ready lift kit, 37-inch Toyo off-road tires,
  20-inch black Rhino wheels, 12-inch touchscreen with 360-degree cameras to see all around the truck.
  Well, it's a kick-ass truck.
  I'm sorry to see it go, but it's going to a great guy, Chris.
  Chris, love you, brother.
  Love you, man.
  Thank you.
  Somebody's about to get this sweetheart right here.
  And listen, they said I could drive it while I was down here for the last month and a half.
  I only drove it once.
  Things are too nice.
  The winners are going to get these pristine trucks.
  So, we'll see you at thealkshowstore.com, and thanks for all your support.