And our connection to the creator of the universe and our children.
  And this is the genesis point of the new revolution of information.
  I will always believe and I will always say in public that Alex Jones is the most extraordinary person I've ever met.
  I'll tell you, that f***ing guy is right about a lot of s***.
  Alex Jones has been right a lot of times.
  Alex has been right on for over a decade.
  Fluoride, just like Alex Jones was saying, not good, it's crazy.
  AlexJones.network is tomorrow's news today.
  This is an emergency transmission from deep in the heart of Texas to U.S. resistance against a global corporate combine empowered and funded by Communist China, allied with the big mega banks that set up Communist China in 1949.
  The Communist Chinese have taken control of U.S. telecommunications infrastructure.
  The Communist Chinese are taking control of Hollywood.
  The Communist Chinese are taking control of the main universities.
  This is all confirmed.
  This is not a drill.
  Big tech in Silicon Valley is almost completely run by the Communist Chinese government.
  They've officially become state run.
  Apple 100%.
  Google is now making the transition and announcing a merger in total worldwide censorship.
  They are now beta testing using me as the straw man, a demonized version of Alex Jones to do that.
  This is happening.
  This is not like the other probes before that were meant to get you used to probes and censorship, thinking you would adapt to censorship by just putting up with it.
  Now this attack is thousands and thousands and thousands of times the magnitude of all previous attacks.
  This is a titrated dose reverse psychological warfare operation using adapt and overcome subversion paradigm manipulation.
  In layman's terms, they are manipulating the fact that we adapt to being oppressed.
  We adapt to being oppressed with the low dosages of oppression.
  Now when the megaton hits us of the total takeover, we try to adapt to the poison infusion instead of not knowing it's a lethal dose if we accept the dose.
  Total Internet of Things integration, global social score, complete command and control system.
  It is the virtual reality AI weapon system now We're now attacking the United States with traitors inside the major security agencies, blocking Trump's resistance of the program and attempting to stop us from removing the tentacles of the Chi-Com slash big tech banking combine emergency situation.
  I have been chosen for destruction because I brought you this information and have been battering, ramming it out as much as I can.
  They want to double use me as they always do in any complex system of mathematical deception, where every angle of my good is turned against us.
  So they take what I've said, being sincere, build me into an insincere person in the straw man.
  I'm a person that cares about life and children and is against these wars, and so they make me a herder of children.
  And then they build me into this lie to then set the distraction while they're actually censoring all of you to make a debate about Alex Jones.
  So even if I didn't sell out to them, they've now used me as an archetype to serve them by being the main distraction.
  I have now been captured by the enemy in the information warfare fulcrum and is being used against you.
  Only your full understanding of this.
  He will break you free from this paradigm.
  I have given you the transmission.
  Now break free!
  I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.
  Thomas Jefferson.
  If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance.
  Thursday, November 14th, 2024.
  And Infowars, that has been on the air for 27 years.
  I've been on air 30 and a half years.
  Is reportedly to be shut down imminently.
  Now, I was lifting weights at 727,000.
  Alright, I'm getting feeds.
  I understand we're scrambling here.
  They're trying to shut us down right now.
  You guys, air tapes?
  It's fine.
  I've got to get this straight.
  And we will play a report or something for a moment.
  And then I'm going to come back and start over.
  So, let's just give this a moment.
  You guys hear whatever you like.
  I'm going to recompose here and come back with this final transmission from the building.
  In early December of 2018, Brooklyn's $3 bill club sold tickets to the Club Woe show, promising 11-year-old drag kid Desmond Napoles, aka Desmond is Amazing, would headline the event.
  The events surrounding 11-year-old Desmond could represent a turning point in the American conscience that has been quietly eaten up by pansexual institutionalized Marxism, a slow-acting sickness Some of us are well-schooled on what has become known as cultural Marxism,
  and many of our fellow American citizens are not.
  And I can't blame them.
  Marxist theory is a giant mess of complicated mental illness.
  But I'm sure you need more information than that.
  So what if I simply told you that following World War II, a group of Marxist political theorists who seemed harmless after having fled persecution in Nazi Europe after betting on the wrong totalitarian horse, communism, Brought their complete disgust for Western culture to Columbia University in New York City and gradually spread their cancer into the government,
  media, and academic institutions of the United States.
  Notably, flaring up in the 1960s, as Dr.
  Theodore Dalrymple put it, These new theories appeal to utopian adolescents who, number one, wanted to deny that they were the most fortunate generation that had ever lived, and number two, dreamed of a life completely without restraints on their pleasure.
  Giving the baby boomers what they wanted and not what they needed, Frankfurt School Adherent.
  My friends at the Frankfurt School considered psychology One of the main branches of knowledge that had to be integrated with Marxian theory.
  By no means replacing Marxian theory, but...
  A synthesizing technique known as repressive tolerance.
  Thankfully, in the interest of time, Marcuse simplified the definition of repressive tolerance, saying repressive tolerance is intolerance against movements from the right and toleration of movements from the left.
  Repressive tolerance is achieved by arming the thoughts of emotional, rationally vacant liberals with the potent weapon of critical theory, a hive mentality that produces a catharsis for the self-loathing types of our society when confronting the social,
  historical and ideological forces gluing the structures of a society together.
  One of the most effective objectives that can crater a moral society is the evil debasement of children.
  And lo and behold, the Frankfurt School pushed that objective wholeheartedly.
  It is the third objective on an 11-point plan of recommendations to take down America, published by The Nation as follows.
  Number one, the creation of racism offenses.
  Number two, continual change to create confusion.
  Number three, the teaching of sex and homosexuality to children.
  Number four, the undermining of schools and teachers' authority.
  Number five, huge immigration to destroy identity.
  Number six, the promotion of excessive drinking.
  Number seven, emptying of churches.
  Number eight, an unreliable legal system with bias against victims of crime.
  Number nine, dependency on the state or state benefits.
  Number ten, control and dumbing down of media.
  And number eleven, encouraging the breakdown of the family.
  These points read like a checklist that we are smack dab in the middle of experiencing.
  Is it starting to make sense now?
  Why a sexualized 11-year-old boy dancing for adults can openly exist in today's American society with no fear of reprisal.
  And so when we go out to these Democrat events and look at these zombie-like people and how stupid they are, we tend to laugh.
  But you know what?
  It's not funny, folks.
  Those are people we let down.
  Those are people we let globalists and the educational system dumb down.
  But that said, I was out at Lake Travis for the 4th of July.
  And it went past midnight into July 5th.
  We were up till about 1.30.
  Fireworks were still going off.
  When I said I thought there'd be 5, 10 times of fireworks, excuse me, this was 20 times, 30 times?
  I mean, this was ridiculous.
  So they tried to cancel it.
  A bunch of little towns and cities did cancel it.
  Private citizens somehow got all these fireworks.
  And you can say, oh, that's just a show of light in the air.
  What's that mean?
  It's a bunch of hype.
  It's a grand falloon.
  No, it's not, because the flag stands for the Republic, the Declaration of Independence, we the people, the Constitutional Bill of Rights.
  It's been a world model all over the planet against authoritarianism, against monarchy, against monotheistic religious rule.
  I mean, it is the most Classically liberal thing anybody's ever imagined.
  It is the fount of the Renaissance.
  We're it.
  And that's why we have most of the inventions and most of the freedom, and that's why people can come here and do anything they basically want to do.
  But the authoritarian globalists are in competition with that.
  Look at some of the footage from Los Angeles alone taken by the mainstream media, but the most powerful footage was taken down at street level.
  It's the same thing I saw last night out in the country, out in the suburbs, and it's the same thing that my parents, I talked to my dad who lives right in the middle of Austin, lived there many, many years, it's really central Austin, now it used to be central South Austin, and he just doesn't normally fire mortars off because they'll call the police on you.
  But this time there were so many mortars going off, so many big fireworks.
  And it went on for like an hour.
  He said, well, hell, I got a bunch in the garage that we shoot out in the country.
  He went and got them and just fired them and fired them and fired them because it was an act of defiance.
  And the same left that doesn't want us to fire up fireworks are the same ones that call the cops when we do.
  So people get this.
  The left are throwing fireworks at police.
  We're simply firing them up in the air to show our solidarity with America, our solidarity with fellow Americans.
  From the front lines of the Information War, it's Alex Jones.
Well, to take a line from Empire Strikes Back, the Imperial troops have entered the base. 
  Alright, the Democrats are in the building right now, about 100 feet past that wall right there.
  They have ordered the shutdown of Infowars without a court order like they tried back in late May.
  This is absolutely crazy.
  But this is par for the course.
  I'm going to be very calm about this.
  I'm going to be very judicious about this.
  I'm going to lay out the facts for everybody.
  And here's the best place to start.
  I am exercising at 727 this morning, and I get a call from my company representatives, lawyers, accountants that are meeting with the U.S. trustee, Chris Murray, here in Austin,
  Texas, about the Bankruptcy auction sale that was announced two months ago as an open public online major auction.
  And then on Monday afternoon at 3 p.m.
  I got a call and they had been getting phone calls and emails from the U.S. trustees saying we're changing the sale from a public auction to one bid from each bidder.
  There were three bidders, I'm told.
  And the highest bid is final.
  But we reserve the right to take a lower bid.
  How about moving the goalposts?
  And I said right there, fixes in.
  The good guys we're working with aren't going to even be able to buy it no matter how much money we have.
  Because again, the Sandy Hook Democrat Party lawyers said in court and said in mediations, and I can talk about that because they said it outside of mediation, we don't want money, we want him shut down.
  You've seen all those clips, we'll play him again in a moment.
  So, this isn't about money.
  The court cases were rigged.
  The judges both found me guilty by default, said I didn't give them discovery.
  None of that was true.
  Then they had show trials, HBO, all scripted.
  PR firms ran it all.
  The FBI created the lawsuits.
  The CIA was involved.
  That's all come out.
  That's on record.
  Most people know about it.
  All that's gone super viral, hundreds of millions of views, just on X alone.
  Woke up Elon Musk.
  He brought me back on all that's well known on X. So, once I saw that, I told my family, I told the crew, we had a meeting on Tuesday at the Alex Jones Network, new backup studios that have been set up in Austin, that I would expect Thursday morning,
  they would come without a court order and close us, even before the money's been sent, even before there's been a wire, before the judge said he has to certify the sale, none of that would be followed.
  And folks are like, now come on, they're not going to do that.
  I said, watch.
  So, at 7.29, I get the call.
  The meeting had just ended.
  And my representative said, yeah, exactly what you said just happened.
  They are coming to the studios now.
  And they are going to order it shut down.
  I said, with a court order?
  And they said, no.
  Technically, because he's the trustee over your personal bankruptcy and your own InfoWars, he has some claim to that.
  But the other bidders that filed...
  Who were told they were entering, when they put in sealed bids months ago, a public auction and could bid up if they needed to, had major claims and could put in emergency injunctions and put this before Judge Lopez that has been really, really concerned about what he saw with the last trustee.
  And so that's going on right now with the group that I was...
  Open to working with coming into my InfoWars, but they never even told me what they were bidding.
  None of that information because that's how the regulations work.
  But you see, we follow all the rules.
  The rules get changed on us the last minute, so I knew.
  I told my family days ago, I said, they will be there Thursday morning.
  I figured it'd take them a day.
  And because the Connecticut Democrat Party lawyers already said months ago, when we outbid this, or we win the bid, their stipulation was, and I was told this by Chris Murray, the U.S. trustee, was that we'd be shut down instantly when the bid is accepted,
  even before the money is sent.
  I was told that.
  And I've been on friendly terms with Murray.
  He doesn't have a bad name, but he's doing what I figured would happen because this is the power of the establishment.
  And so I'm not saying it's wrong.
  I'm not saying he's a bad guy.
  I'm just saying this smells really bad.
  Okay, and we're going to have it out in court.
  And he's here in the building right now with the auctioneers, with the people.
  And at some point, depending on how this goes, we'll take cameras in there and we'll show you.
  So it is 8.17 Central Standard Time.
  That's what happened.
  So, here's what unfolded.
  And of course, we broke the news at about 7.45 on X. Now it just broke.
  My phone's blowing up.
  Steve Bannon, everybody calling.
  The Trump folks calling, saying, oh yeah, it's in the news that the Connecticut people got it.
  Yeah.
  The Onion newspaper came in with the money at their direction.
  They admit that.
  The Democratic Party.
  And they...
  Bought it, and when my representatives asked Chris Murray an hour ago, okay, was it the bigger bid?
  He said, he's a lawyer, it was competitive.
  Now, this is supposed to all be made public, so now I'm going to learn what the good guys bid, I still don't know, and then we're going to learn supposedly what they bid, or are we?
  Maybe they're going to say that's secret because that's par for the course.
  So, again, two months ago, people qualified for the auction.
  You had to show them your credit, show them bank accounts, put down money.
  They signed a contract.
  The folks I was going to work with, I worked with for many years, they're great patriots and very good at business.
  I tell them, I go, watch last minute, they'll change the rules.
  Their lawyers are like, no way, you can't do that.
  That's not how this works.
  This is transparent.
  Monday afternoon, they get a call at 2 o'clock.
  I get a call at 3.
  They're told by the U.S. trustee.
  Well, now you just put in one bid.
  The 8th of November had been the last day to put in bids.
  You had to qualify before that.
  Now they said you have until 10 a.m.
  on the 13th to put in a final bid.
  I guess so, folks could look at what the good guys have put in, and that's speculation, but that's pretty obvious.
  In my view, that's one plus one equals two.
  Deduction, my dear Watson.
  That's what I think is probably going on, 99% chance.
  But we're not alleging that, we're just saying it needs to be investigated.
  And then at 1030, they opened the bid yesterday, and then we get told last night, you'll learn in the morning.
  And I put out a post on X saying we've been told we'll learn in the morning.
  So I tell my lawyers, everybody, I said, okay, well, they're going to come in the morning with no money paid, no wired, no contracts, no nothing.
  We've been told that the group I was working with was able to win the bid, which we knew would never happen.
  I knew that, and I said that on air, that it would take one month to For that process to go through, the trustee and everybody would still be in charge for one month.
  So if the good guys buy it, they get it in a month.
  If the bad guys get it, they get it instantly with no paperwork, no money wired, no nothing because they're the Democratic Party.
  So, outrageous, and I believe they're going to have major issues with this now.
  The onion.
  The has-been that never was.
  And all of this stuff.
  And the truths all come out about the show Trials Against Me, just like the Menendez brothers, all this stuff.
  And my redemption arc is going up like a Falcon-heavy rocket leaving the atmosphere at Escape Velocity.
  So all their HBO programs and all their propaganda, people are seeing through it because the American people are awake and know the establishment is after me and is after Trump.
  So, I am in here.
  This is normally the American Journal broadcast with Harrison Smith.
  I'm going to go find out more here in a little while.
  I'll come back.
  At any time, they could literally just shut us off.
  I don't think they're stupid.
  I need to explain to them how they would do that.
  But the point is, any minute, okay?
  Now, what you need to know is...
  There is a backup studio in the Alex Jones Network, and then there's even more on top of that.
  We think ahead, because if the Imperial Trips come after this, will they come after the next thing?
  But this will have a giant Streisand effect.
  If they can convince us we've been defeated, then we're defeated.
  We're not defeated.
  We're reaching record numbers of people.
  But this is really a historic attack on free speech.
  The Democrat Party law firm is working in conjunction with PR firms.
  Exaggerated and made up a bunch of stuff I never did.
  Put it all over the news for years.
  Used that for fundraising.
  For anti-gun control.
  For anti-gun groups.
  They then file lawsuits in key jurisdictions they control.
  They have the judges default me and find me guilty.
  And then I was guilty until proven how guilty in show trials on damages.
  That was two years ago, right at this time, in the Texas case, and then a few weeks later in Connecticut in November.
  We held on that long, and now we have the Alex Jones Network.
  AlexJones.network.
  We also, you can follow us at AJNLive on X. They filed, as you know, months ago to take real Alex Jones in federal court.
  They filed to take my name and said Alex Jones is not afforded the same thing as the 13th Amendment.
  It actually says that.
  That's the 13th Amendment against indentured servitude, forced labor, slavery.
  That's Chris Murray's filing, the U.S. trustee.
  The judge said he's not doing that.
  So that was removed.
  So they filed in other courts to try to take my name and try to take me off X. So I know I can just jack back in.
  And all the radio and all the TV stations and everything are there.
  The satellite uplinks are ready.
  We will flip the switch today.
  Let all the stations know.
  400 plus to flip over to that.
  The bigger studio is being completed.
  We have the news desk type studio ready.
  But this is the way this has been since the CIA and the Justice Department, they admitted this on the stand in Connecticut.
  The FBI created the PR that I was attacking people years and years after I hadn't even talked about it.
  I only covered the internet, questioning a mass shooting.
  Did not create the questioning of it.
  My First Amendment right.
  I never got a trial with evidence.
  I was found guilty and then there was a trial on how guilty I was.
  That is an affront to America.
  That was a conspiracy against my rights.
  We have civil rights actions that have already been filed that you haven't seen in the news because they don't want that known.
  Countersuits and more is coming.
  And that's why we are the front line of the information war.
  We are the front line of free speech.
  It's not like I'm just a regular show or a podcast.
  I'm like Trump.
  I'm under deep state total attack.
  They've spent upwards of 80 million dollars trying to shut me down.
  That's in federal filings in the courts.
  They report that back.
  We've spent 16 million fighting them in the last seven years.
  That's where your money goes when you go to the Alex Jones store.
  Thealexjonesstore.com.
  We'll put it on screen.
  And you buy t-shirts and supplements and fundraiser posters that are marked up.
  So it's a fundraiser.
  Like when you go to NPR, if you love communism and censorship and evil, they get $500 million in taxpayer money.
  But that's not enough.
  They beg every day.
  Buy this coffee cup for $50.
  It's a fundraiser.
  The coffee mug costs $5.
  Well, the posters cost us $6, $7.
  And I guess delivered to you more.
  So when you get them for $29.95 or $50, real funds come in so we can win.
  But the supplements are not marked up a lot, and neither are the great Patriot Apparel.
  So that also supports us, but it takes a lot of sales there.
  To fund the operation.
  Incredible Trump gear, incredible everything.
  This is the real fundraiser shirt.
  InfoWars lives forever.
  If you want to support us, go to theallxownstore.com right now and get that.
  Tell everybody you know to get that.
  I'm not backing down.
  I didn't sell out.
  I didn't roll over.
  But I could give out if you don't support us.
  So, again, an entire rigged court system so far, other than Judge Lopez, who's done me no favors but has stood up to outrageous crap against us.
  He fired the U.S. trustee.
  He fired the CRO on June 14th for trying to shut us down without a court order.
  And all sorts of other stuff where they tried to set us up, everything else, it was crazy.
  That all backfired.
  Then it comes through a rotation.
  They brought in another trustee from the Justice Department-empowered office.
  And then I was told by the U.S. trustee, hey, the people that want to buy it, well, you shut off immediately.
  And they also want the name Alex Jones, show your name, and they want Alex Jones on X. But I'm not going to do that.
  I know that he's a lawyer.
  The rulings are you can't do that.
  And then last minute, they file without telling me.
  A month ago, it hits the news that they do want my name.
  And I say, you're not going to have that up for sale.
  I've spent a bunch of money with lawyers to go before the judge.
  The judge says, no, we're not doing that.
  You know, you've got to file whole separate suits, and that doesn't look like you'll ever be able to do that, 13th Amendment.
  So they remove that, or they'd have X today.
  They'd have real Alex Jones today.
  They'd tell me I couldn't use my name.
  I'm not Prince that signed some 360 deal with Sony where you own my name and you own my likeness and everything.
  My show's always been free to air with documents on the website saying everything I put out is owned by the public.
  So, they're also going to claim they own all our content and all our work.
  We're going to sue them there.
  It's ironclad.
  Hundreds of announcements, hundreds of contracts on the site to the public.
  All my publications, all my films, start and end of the film, this is owned by the public, no copyright.
  Edit it, use it, re-upload it, share it.
  It'd be like if I invented Linux, hypothetically.
  I'm not like Al Gore saying it on the internet, I didn't invent Linux.
  But the guy that did Linux said it's free to the world, open source.
  Well, hypothetically, he declared bankruptcy, say, for a restaurant he owned that failed.
  They couldn't come back to the creditors and say, well, now we own Linux because he made it and gave it to the world free.
  If I wrote a book and said there's no publishing rights, it belongs to the world, anybody can republish this.
  If I declared bankruptcy later, no one could come and get that book.
  You understand?
  Because it's free to the world.
  If I write a song and say it's copyright, trademark, free, it belongs to the world, the lyrics...
  The music, the tune, they can't come back later and say they own that.
  So we have all the documents, we have all the videos, we have all the admissions, we have everything on that.
  They don't care.
  They've admitted the people that wanted to buy it were in the news and they said, We want to shut him down and take his catalog off the air because it's so powerful.
  It's not just evergreen when I said 30 years ago, 20 years ago, 10 years ago, a year ago, a month ago.
  It's ultra green.
  It gets more powerful with time, a term I coined, ultra green.
  So the Streisand effect is in effect at a level never before seen except for Trump.
  All of this is gonna backfire on them if you take action and share all our videos and reports.
  They belong to you.
  I give you an express license in the past, present, and future.
  Everything I've ever said, everything I've ever done is free speech.
  It belongs to the world.
  It belongs to you as much as it belongs to me.
  And I'm not saying that today.
  I said that 27 years ago because I started making films and people would buy the DVDs of VHS and try to air them on local TV. And the TV station said, we need a license to do that.
  And so I put on the website, you own this.
  The public owns this.
  You got a list for me?
  Bring it to me.
  All right, thank you.
  Just go ahead and hand me papers.
  It's fine.
  And then there is the onion with here's why you decided to buy Infowars.
  And it's just absolutely ridiculous.
  No, Infowars was not founded in 99.
  It was founded in 2000.
  I mean, in 1997.
  Just all this is pure crap.
  So, you didn't buy Infowars.
  Infowars belongs to the people, Mr.
  Onion.
  And it's always belonged to the people.
  So, that's a...
  Absolutely.
  Absolutely so.
  So Chase says be ready for them to come now.
  They're running around out there right now, right outside the studio.
  So again, real Alex Jones on X and at AJN live.
  No contracts, no money paid.
  We were told if our good guys bought it, it would take a month for them to take possession.
  But because they're the onion, because of the Democrats, because of the deep state, They get it all right now.
  And Chase Geiser is bringing me more information.
  Chase, come over here.
  Set him up a microphone.
  Chase, what's going on out there right now?
  Bring him a chair, please.
  Yeah, security just came by.
  Basically, security just came by and said to be ready for them to come and shut you down right now.
  I don't know any other details.
  I just know that security came and warned us.
  So these are the last, apparently, the last minutes of today.
  But I don't know what's going to happen.
  Yeah, well, you know, like I said, we just got to contact the radio stations and the satellite feeds are live.
  And we've got to do this.
  And again, that's already in the works.
  They did not buy this.
  Our folks we worked with signed contracts went in for an open public auction.
  They were told 48 hours before.
  Now it's all sealed, blah, blah, blah.
  And we were told that this is not even, you know, that they didn't pay more.
  They said, well, it was competitive.
  Wow.
  Yeah, so our folks put in their bids, and then who knows what happened?
  That's the kicker right there.
  If they gave it to them and they didn't even have the highest bid, I mean, that's the type of shit they...
  This is the great awakening, folks.
  This is taking America back.
  This is the peaceful second American revolution.
  And again, they just strides in effect to the thousandth level.
  They even claim in the bankruptcy they own my book rights, which they're going to shut down so you can't get this book.
  That'll make it even ten times bigger.
  Boom!
  This book belongs to the world.
  Everything I've ever said or does belongs to the world.
  And so that's...
  The Onion owner says he did this because I claim there's Satanism in the world.
  So it's basically Saul Alinsky.
  You know, don't tell people that there's God and the devil.
  So it always goes back to the same thing.
  You know, we had a meeting a few days ago, and I said they're coming Thursday morning, and we're going to lose the bid.
  That's why I slept here.
  You did?
  He called me at 7.30 in the morning.
  You're like, are you at the office and I'm rolling out of my chair?
  Yeah.
  And I was here about five minutes later.
  Yeah, you were.
  The dude last night said, you know, I got a bad feeling about tomorrow morning.
  And I was like, I'll stay at the office because I wasn't going to let him lock us out before we could come in at all.
  Well, let's just be clear.
  They didn't buy InfoWars.
  It belongs to the public.
  All right?
  And let's be 100% clear.
  The auction was, in my view, had the trajectory of a dog's hind leg or a barrel of snakes.
  And so, and they just keep thinking, it's Alex Jones.
  We can have him find him guilty without a trial, then have a show trial.
  We can have a billion and a half dollar judgment.
  We can say he's got all this stolen hidden money, then have federal investigators come in with the Justice Department and tear through everything and find nothing.
  Then I got a huge tax return.
  I mean, obviously, I'm a target.
  I'm not doing sticky stuff.
  Plus, that's not how I operate.
  I have accountants and a CPA. I don't touch my money.
  So the point is, is that they thought this was about money.
  It's not.
  And when they got out of the wire, they said, look, we'll leave you alone.
  Just roll over and stop being political.
  And I said, never.
  So I am proud to be in this position.
  I am proud to have never sold out or back down.
  And this is just ridiculous.
  So if this studio and this equipment and this incarnation of Infowars goes out like this, we're going out like Vikings in the Infowar with swords in our hands.
  Rob, you want to come in here?
  What are you seeing going on?
  Did I not tell you this?
  Yeah.
  I mean, we knew this was going to happen.
  Of course, it's going to be sneaky.
  They're not going to be forthright.
  And they thought they'd catch us at 8 a.m.
  It's all back doors.
  Yeah.
  I mean, we have a show that starts at 8 a.m.
  And, you know, I'm calling people, telling people what's going on.
  Well, I mean, I did tell the whole crew here at 8 a.m.
  And, of course, they didn't take it serious.
  The other crews aren't here.
  Why do we even have a meeting Tuesday?
  Look, I'm not going to bitch publicly here.
  The point is, as I said, hit the ground running, but we still are.
  But you got to tell everybody, we continue on at Real Alex Jones.
  We continue on at AJN Live.
  They're going to come after that.
  Musk is going to stop them dead in their tracks.
  Watch.
  Get ready for that.
  And so is Trump.
  And so...
  Just like the Marine Corps General 7, they were surrounded when 3 million Chinese troops came in from China into North Korea in 1953.
  And the Marine Corps General, they said, sir, we're completely surrounded by millions of troops.
  He said, good, we can attack in all directions.
  Yeah.
  In the info war.
  So that is exactly, and that was actually a real tactic.
  It was like they just dominated.
  Right.
  And the C-130s just kept coming in, you know, or the planes they had then, you know, giving them the ammo.
  And so that's the listeners.
  We're surrounded, but just keep flying in and dumping the ammo on us, you know, with those big parachutes, and we'll just keep fighting until the barrels melt off the machine guns.
  That's a metaphor not, you know, in reality.
  It's an info war, not physical.
  All updates are going to be at Real Alex Jones on X. That's what people need to know.
  That's where they need to go.
  That's where all those little nuggets of information that are going to come out today.
  And then from there, you'll AJN Live on X. And again, I kept telling people, we need funds.
  We don't have as much funds as we need.
  Funds make it so much easier to be on air, to fight, to go cover events, to have plenty of money for legal.
  Go get...
  A t-shirt at thealexjonesstore.com.
  Go get great supplements.
  Go get a fundraiser t-shirt where we get some real funds in.
  Please, for your own future, we're standing up for you.
  They're trying to get through us to get to you, as President Trump says.
  So I just want to recap.
  You're seeing headlines, InfoWars sold.
  You know, Onion wins the bid.
  Onion wins.
  Alex Jones InfoWars and Bankruptcy Auction.
  They changed it the last minute.
  They won't let us know what's going on.
  It was all sealed, and they said it was, quote, competitive.
  The folks that were part of the so-called auction, they have the standing on the right, and they're going to file emergency injunctions.
  And I had my lawyers tell that to the U.S. trustee.
  They know that, but again, the proviso to buy it was before you get the money, before we wire it, before the judge approves it, We want it shut down.
  They want that power to crucify us.
  You'll see how that works out for you.
  That's the archetype.
  I'm not comparing myself to Jesus, but the archetype is.
  Or Colonel Travis at the Alamo.
  And so, that's what's happening here.
  So, this is a big deal.
  Take the live feed from Real Alex Jones on X. Follow that.
  Everybody follow us there.
  And at...
  A-J-N live for the Alex Jones Network.
  The other websites that are just links right now in live feeds, but they're going to be updated as news sites very soon.
  We've got to have the writers.
  We've got to have the crew.
  We've got to have it all.
  We've got to have money to do that.
  Are alexjones.network, alexjones.network, alexjones.live.
  RealAlexJones.com.
  And if you want to support and see the shopping carts and where you support us and all the rest of it, you simply go to AJ, that's AlexJones.life.
  And that's a support link at AlexJones.network.
  So, we have been doing all this behind the scenes with our great backers and sponsors.
  And...
  We got major backers that were also just waiting to see what happened here.
  But our main backers are you.
  Because I know when I get the support, I can't be compromised.
  I can't be threatened.
  I can't be bought off.
  I can't be intimidated.
  Our backers are great.
  But like Tony Montana says, who do I trust?
  Me!
  Who put this together?
  Me!
  And so, and that means the whole family and the crew and you, the viewers and the listeners.
  But it is a distinct honor.
  To be here in defiance of the tyrants.
  I mean, look, I've not had Chris Murray come in here and tell me to my face, get off the air.
  I've not had them tell me the authority they have to do that.
  I've said over and over again, when I get a court order, or when someone comes and explains this to me, how this is working, and when the folks we're working with that have standing to file their emergency injunction.
  But the idea...
  That the last U.S. trustee who got fired on June 14th this year, it's all over the news, just told the private security firm that I've had for eight years, but they're separate.
  Hey, kick them out of the building tonight.
  Lock the doors.
  And they told us, it's only two days.
  And then I call my lawyers, they go, no, it's permanent.
  And I said, of course.
  And I said, do you have a court order?
  And he said, no, we're not doing it.
  So now at least this U.S. trustee is here, and I probably should go talk to him right now.
  Are you planning on doing your show here today?
  Well, you know, that was my point.
  A set of chickens with our heads cut off.
  That's why I said all three crews here, ready to go at 8 a.m.
  So this would go on.
  And so we would have that force.
  We already have this meeting.
  I'm not mad, but I don't know if this will be heard.
  And that's why I needed everybody else over there so that if we continue on here, we're able to operate.
  But if we can't, we immediately segue, without even a hiccup that our enemies want, right over into the transmission with gigantic, ginormous, massive audiences.
  We'll have 100 million people watching by tonight.
  Millions are already watching.
  So, this crew stays here.
  Everyone else who was already supposed to be there, I'm not mad, but we had the meeting for three hours, gets over there and gets that fired up and ready in case, and I'm there at now, potentially.
  So we war-gamed it.
  That's why we had a war game.
  I love it.
  Love everybody.
  So, here we are, ladies and gentlemen.
  Thank you, Rob.
  So, here we are.
  And this is the fight.
  And if you think the deep state's giving up, think again.
  They're playing possum right now, like Roger Stone said, but they're in total panic mode.
  Most of the people Trump's bringing in, like Tulsi Gabbards and all of them, I mean, Matt Gaetz totally horrifies them as the attorney general.
  Even Fetterman said that's God-tier level trolling.
  So, I mean, this is America waking up out of a coma.
  This is humanity coming back.
  And the left thinks putting people in prison and lying about people and having rigged lawfare cases and terrorizing the public keeps them in power.
  That was when America was in a coma.
  Okay?
  America's awake now, and all this intimidation is just villainizing the villains, is revealing what's going on.
  And I get people from the establishment Still are scared of the New York Times and the Washington Post.
  And they're like, oh, you can't let Alex Jones at an auction have his people that he works with get it.
  We need a victory for these people with all the things he did to them.
  Did to them!
  I covered the internet.
  22 minutes in evidence against me in the show trial after I was already found guilty.
  They raised money off me for years saying I was doing mean things to them and I wasn't even talking about them.
  To raise money.
  They got 75 million or whatever from Remington because the woman bought the gun legally and her son used to kill her.
  You know Adam Lanza, the guy that killed the kids?
  And they just live off me and stalk me and claim I'm talking about them and all of this and just drama queen everywhere in show trials.
  And then it's like, well, we can't let people with Jones get InfoWars.
  I mean, they deserve him to be off the air.
  All you're doing is shutting down this building and taking away Infowars.com and the Alex Jones store.
  Okay?
  All right?
  So, I've done all this by the book.
  I followed all the laws, all the rules, everything.
  And now they got a big problem.
  Because we got funds coming in.
  We got high-powered lawyers now.
  We're moving forward.
  America's woken up.
  The tide has turned.
  We have the initiative.
  And they now are here without a court order.
  Without anything.
  When they told us on record, if your folks you're working with buy it, you don't get it for a month.
  And they even told us, but if the bad guys, I'm calling them that, if the Victims get it.
  You know, I victimize the children.
  I'm Adam Lanza.
  Then you're shut down.
  They want you shut down that day.
  That's why, well, it'll take them a while.
  It'll be the next day, the next morning.
  I wouldn't be surprised they'd come in the middle of the night.
  That's why some crew slept here.
  So, here we are, like we were in late May, in the same place where I'm just sitting here.
  Hell, invite the feds in here.
  They can come sit in here with us right now.
  So, and I love the people back in late May when I said, hey, they're in the building trying to shut down.
  They go, show us footage.
  Oh, you want me to go stick cameras in their faces and have a confrontation with them?
  I'm not going to do that.
  And then, of course, it came out in court a few days later that, indeed, they did try to shut down.
  And the judge said, why'd you try to shut down the courtroom?
  He goes, well, they have guns.
  Yeah, it's Texas, concealed carry.
  We didn't threaten anybody.
  Again, just leftist red herrings, oh, you can't trust the American people with guns or whatever.
  And so the judge fired them.
  And then a new group came in, and I had been totally transparent, totally honest in everything I said I would do.
  And I told my lawyers, I said, we'll never have a fair open auction.
  They go, no, it's fair, it'll be public, you'll see it online, big company.
  And then two days before, oh, sorry, it's all secret now, and there's other bids coming in, past the date they set of the 8th.
  You know, Roger Stone did go out with some big groups, and they were ready to come in and help.
  And I told them, I said, no amount of money you have is going to get this.
  So I just said, you know, we're just going to make the point.
  They'll probably even bid under it and give it to them just as a FU, because they just can't help but exercise.
  You know, that type of weirdness.
  I mean, it's just, I know the criminology.
  That's what it is.
  And they're like, oh, no, no, come on.
  I'm like, yeah, watch.
  So I said, that would all be better in something more powerful, the Alex Jones Network.
  And they're like, so now I've improved right again.
  I mean, I just know this because I live this.
  This is what I do.
  Like, most people care about freedom, but you maybe do it an hour a day.
  I do this 18 hours a day.
  This is all I do.
  Total immersion.
  Okay?
  You know, Alex Jones is right.
  Alex Jones is always right.
  Well, they say that, but no, about 99% of the time.
  Told you Trump would win in a landslide.
  Told you they'd try to steal it.
  I mean, this stuff is not, told you they'd try to kill Trump days before they did.
  When they tried to shut us down, I don't see the people involved were doing that, but the higher-ups were like, get Jones off the air now.
  Back in May, I said, imminently, they're coming for Trump.
  They want the people's broadcast off the air.
  They know that we are creating the research and the talking points of truth that are picked up by everybody.
  And now they've just spotlighted and underlined and energized what we're doing.
  It's not fun.
  It's a hassle.
  It's disgusting to watch.
  But that which does not kill us only makes us stronger.
  So if you just tuned in, Remember that public auction?
  We're going to get all the articles, you know, the filings will show it to you.
  It was on record.
  Oh, public auction!
  Now, oh, sorry, it's not public.
  Last minute, we don't have to take the highest bid.
  And, sorry, you're shut down now.
  At 727, I was told this, as I was literally Throwing a 60-pound bag of sand over each shoulder over and over again.
  In a parking lot.
  And I got in my car and drove over here.
  And got the intel.
  They're here.
  They arrived five minutes after I went on air.
  A day late and a dollar short again.
  And I'm here.
  Here I am, an American, a populist, standing up for truth, questioning the system, way more right than I'm wrong, an honorable person, an American, a Texan, and I've got backers all over this country and all over the world, and I salute you and I thank you.
  But we survived so many times, people are like, oh, whatever, Jones will always be there on InfoWars.
  Well, the folks I'm working with that have standing in the court are filing an emergency injunction.
  We'll probably be before Judge Lopez is here tomorrow.
  And I'm going to be there in Houston telling Lopez what went down and what happened.
  And again, they tried months ago to take my name, to take real Alex Jones.
  They said the 13th Amendment does not apply to Mr.
  Jones in a federal filing.
  The 13th Amendment was after the Civil War, the prohibition on indentured servitude and slavery.
  There's a lot going on out there.
  Give me an update.
  So we are here on air right now, and I want to see the documents.
  I want to see the court order.
  The Onion buys Alex Jones InfoWars at auction with help from Sandy Hook family.
  So they're buying a company to get the equipment, the name, and money that's in InfoWars.
  To then give it to themselves, but it's not about the money.
  So, again, it's insane.
  When I go to these court hearings, these people are there.
  Connecticut, they just smile at me and wait by the door.
  And it's like they live on me and talk about me and I'm their persecutor because I'm famous and successful and barely ever talked about them.
  So they're attached to me.
  And the FBI and the CIA cooked all this up.
  And they just go around fundraising as public speakers and as public figures.
  And then they get to attack me, the First Amendment, Trump, and Obama got involved day one, and it's just been like a Democratic Party franchise to be anti-Second Amendment, anti-First Amendment, and they just won't leave me alone.
  I'm like, here, you want $70 million.
  I've never even made that in my life personally, but I'll give you $70 million.
  Nope, we don't want that.
  Or we give you $86 million.
  Nope, we don't want that.
  We want you off the air.
  And then they're still going to run around forever going, he won't give us the money.
  He won't give us the money we owe.
  So, this is endless.
  It's what they got planned for everybody.
  And, you know, you notice I got really fat years ago because I just didn't care about myself.
  But then I realized about six months ago, I said, these people really hate me.
  They really want me to die.
  They really want to destroy me.
  And I said, show.
  When I hike seven miles every other morning, when I do 500 sit-ups or 200 push-ups, when I throw a 60-pound bag of sand hundreds of times over my shoulders every other day,
  when I push a sled with hundreds of pounds of weight on it and a 230-pound man standing on it around a parking lot, When I work harder, when I cut my reports, I used to just go, I'm too tired, I'm not doing all these interviews.
  Now I'm like, yeah, give me three big interviews a day and ten little ones that are quick, and that's what you get.
  So, you want me depressed, you want me sad, you want me out of the game, you're gonna get the opposite.
  You're gonna get total, peaceful information resistance.
  And I have the people's backing.
  And I've lost 35 pounds.
  And with the election, I've been busy, but still working out.
  I'm gonna go down another 30.
  And I'm gonna spend time with my family.
  And I'm gonna fight corruption.
  I'm gonna restore this republic.
  With my posse, the American people, and we are going to remove the deep state from power, and the criminals at the top will be prosecuted, and all the things they thought they did with impunity will be revealed.
  Show.
  The hunted are becoming the hunters.
  Guys, call Steve Bannon for me.
  I want to get him on right now.
  Yes.
  Alright, alright, alright.
  Come on in here and tell me.
  Just put a mic over there.
  You don't have to be on TV. It's one of the producers.
  Come here.
  Come in here.
  Just put the microphone on this table.
  You can talk over there from the corner.
  It's okay.
  We're going to do it here.
  They won't put you on screen if you don't want me on TV. Okay, so go ahead.
  You're not going to be on TV, Doria.
  Go ahead and tell people what's going on.
  Yeah, so we just got word that they're working right now and shutting down infowars.com and ban.video.
  And that belongs to the company, so they're working on it.
  I mean, I think hopefully we're still going to be on X next to Elon and Rumble.
  Yeah, I mean, they want that archive of what I've said because it gets more powerful as it all comes true.
  Yeah.
  So, again, that's all free to air.
  There's a bunch.
  So everybody, go to Band Up Video, download it all, download the old info or share it, mirror it, get it up.
  Don't let them stop that.
  But what matters is what we do now.
  You have to understand, the old broadcasts are ultra green, not evergreen.
  And...
  What specifically were you told?
  Yeah, so they're working on shutting it down momentarily, so it could happen at any moment right now.
  So folks, yeah, go there if you want to download any videos or anything.
  Who specifically told you that?
  I got word from Blake, and he got word from the people who are doing it.
  Well, I mean, I knew that.
  It'll be the IT people that run our IT that are getting the call from them.
  We need to get on the phone with Daniel right now and say, Daniel, there's no court order.
  In fact, I'm going to do this right now because I'm going to go over there and I'm going to nicely and friendly say that, oh, well, the last time the U.S. trustee tried this, the judge fired him.
  You claim you have the authority.
  Maybe you do.
  It's going to be for a court hearing.
  So I believe you should not be calling up the Internet service providers and telling them to shut us off.
  But that's what's going on.
  Blake is the general manager.
  Great guy.
  I've been here 10 years or longer.
  And so he would put it in the bank.
  He was just told that they're over there in his office right now.
  Like we're the HAL 9000 and they're turning it off right now.
  I'd like to end with Steve Bannon because they're trying to put him back in prison.
  He's just as smart as I am or smarter.
  And I'd like to...
  Try to get him on.
  He might even be on air right now, but let me see if he answers.
  Also, call Roger Stone.
  We should get him on here at the last transmission.
  So, that's what I said 40-something minutes ago.
  I said, you know, they'll start pulling the plug.
  Dude, what the fuck is the story here?
  Hey, Steve, I'm live.
  Can I please have them call your Skype right now and get you on?
  They're pulling the plug right now.
  They're about to turn us off right now.
  What do we call?
  Here's my producer right now.
  Okay.
  Guys, play Infowars Lives Forever while I figure this out.
  Go to a clip.
  Here we go.
  Yeah.
  We are unified by our spirit that God made and our connection to the creator of the universe and our children.
  And this is the genesis point of the new revolution of information.
  I will always believe and I will always say in public that Alex Jones is the most extraordinary person I've ever met.
  I'll tell you, that f***ing guy is right about a lot of s***.
  Alex Jones has been right a lot of times.
  Alex has been right on for over a decade.
  Fluoride, just like Alex Jones was saying, not good, it's crazy.
  The real war's here with the globalists and Soros and Obama and the new world order and BlackRock.
  They've declared war on us and we accept the challenge.
  We're AlexJones.network is tomorrow's news today.
  I ask that with your verdict, you not only take...
  This is an emergency transmission from deep in the heart of Texas to U.S. resistance against a global corporate combine empowered and funded by Communist China, allied with the big mega banks that set up Communist China in 1949.
  We're good to go.
  They are now beta testing using me as the straw man, a demonized version of Alex Jones to do that.
  This is happening.
  This is not like the other probes before that were meant to get you used to probes and censorship, thinking you would adapt to censorship by just putting up with it.
  Now this attack is thousands and thousands and thousands of times the magnitude of all previous attacks.
  This is a titrated dose reverse psychological warfare operation using adapt and overcome subversion paradigm manipulation.
  In layman's terms, they are manipulating the fact that we adapt to being oppressed.
  We adapt to being pressed to low dosages of oppression.
  Now when the megaton hits us of the total takeover, we try to adapt to the poison infusion instead of not knowing it's a lethal dose if we accept the dose.
  Total Internet of Things, integration, global social score, complete command and control system.
  It is the virtual reality AI weapon system.
  We're now attacking the United States with traitors inside the major security agencies, blocking Trump's resistance of the program and attempting to stop us from removing the tentacles of the Chi-Com slash big tech banking combine emergency situation.
  I have been chosen for destruction because I brought you this information and have been battering, ramming it out as much as I can.
  They want to double use me as they always do in any complex system of mathematical deception.
  Where every angle of my good is turned against us.
  So they take what I've said, being sincere, build me into an insincere person in the straw man.
  I'm a person that cares about life and children and is against these wars.
  And so they make me a herder of children.
  And then they build me into this lie to then set the distraction while they're actually censoring all of you to make a debate about Alex Jones.
  So even if I didn't sell out to them, they now use me as an archetype To serve them by being the main destruction.
  I have now been captured by the enemy in the information warfare fulcrum and is being used against you.
  Only your full understanding of this.
  TE will break you free from this paradigm.
  I have given you the transmission.
  Now break free!
  I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.
  Thomas Jefferson If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance.
  Rising from the ashes of censorship, it's Alex Jones.
  All of us together are going to lift the curse off of this country and we're going to send the globalists to prison!
  The government fears Alex Jones.
  First they come for Alex Jones, and then they're gonna come for us.
  And they try to bankrupt Alex Jones or try to put Alex Jones in prison.
  The demonization of Alex Jones should be of profound interest to everybody all across the board, even progressives.
  Alex Jones was right.
  Alex Jones taught me about this shit 20 years ago.
  Listen!
  I don't know how all this is gonna end, but if they want to fight, they better believe they've got one!
  The Alex Jones Network is tomorrow's news today.
  To give us his take, they are 30 seconds to air.
  We'll be merging with them and simulcasting in a moment.
  They're going emergency live on air to simulcast with us, unless they turn the power off, which they'll think of next.
  And hey, that's the way it goes out.
  They flip the power off in this building without a court order, without anything.
  When they told people that we had that we're working with to buy it, that it would take them a month to get ownership of it because that's how the law works and the court has to approve it, but not when the bad guys get it.
  We get instantly shut down.
  So Steve Bannon is going live here in a moment.
  As soon as they give us a feed, we will put that up on screen.
  If you just tuned in, there was supposed to be a public auction.
  The people we had that we were working with to buy it filed all the paperwork, did it, put in their deposit 48 hours before the auction that was made a secret yesterday.
  We get word at 3 p.m.
  Monday that, oh, now you have until 10 a.m.
  on the 13th to put in beds.
  We'll just open them and the biggest bid gets it, but we reserve the right to give the company to a lower amount of money.
  And so I said, well, the fix is in.
  There's no matter what we do, the good guys aren't getting it.
  I said, we'll be shut down Thursday morning.
  Probably, that's what I guess.
  They wouldn't probably get right to it Wednesday.
  Boom.
  We get word last night.
  Oh, we'll let you know what happens Wednesday morning.
  And then they're here saying the building is theirs.
  And I'm just simply saying, okay, can I see a judge's order?
  Can I see a piece of paper?
  Brother, tell me what's happening, sir.
  Thank you, Steve, for getting fired up so quickly in emergency transmission on your end there at thewarroom.org.
  We are in the literal final minutes, probably.
  Let me tell you what happened.
  This is incredible.
  As you know, federal judge, the U.S. trustee in June tried to shut us down without court orders.
  The judge fired them, brought a new trustee, and said since Alex Jones owns InfoWars, there could be a liquidation.
  They brought in a new trustee, and they said it'll be a public auction on November 13th to the highest bidder.
  And then the groups we were working with went and filed all the paperwork, put in deposits, proved their credit.
  And I said, watch, they're going to pull a fast one because that's all that ever happens in the deep state.
  That's all that's happened in the law fair against me and you and everybody else in Trump.
  Then, Monday at 3, we get a call and emails from the U.S. trustee and says, now it's different.
  It's a secret auction, not an online auction with a big company over it.
  And it's now going to be just envelopes.
  You have until 10 a.m.
  yesterday to put them in.
  The highest bidder gets it, but...
  The U.S. trustee reserves the right to give it to somebody for a lower amount if he chooses.
  Well, I thought, well, that obviously we know what's happening there.
  They don't want to be outbid by people that are ready to come in with big money.
  So we wouldn't be allowed to upbid.
  How is that an auction, Steve?
  And it's secret.
  And they said we can sell it to somebody for less.
  So I told the crew, that's it, Thursday morning.
  I said, I would imagine within one day we'll be shut down.
  Because we've been told by the U.S. trustee months ago, if bad guys got it, you can call them bad guys, but I call them that, that they had said we want it shut down immediately before there's even a court order, before money is even wired in.
  Now, if the good guys got it, my buyers, folks I was working with were told, in writing and on record, it would take a month for them if they bought it to get control.
  But if the other side got it, they were going to get it instantly.
  So that's this system that's pissed off the American people and caused this giant political awakening and realignment, not just here, but globally, and the giant landslide of President Trump.
  And so, sure enough, I get a call at 7.37 this morning, or 7.27, and by my lawyers and people who just met with the U.S. trustee in Austin down the road at a hotel conference room, and they said, we're coming to shut it down right now.
  It's going to be off the air.
  No hard feelings.
  We want to meet with Alex Jones at 8.30 in the morning.
  I was a mile away from Some of the crew slept here because they knew this was coming.
  I told them it was.
  I get here.
  I go on the air at 8 a.m.
  And I've been on the air for an hour.
  They are in the building.
  They told the office manager, and they're calling me right now, that they have ordered the IT providers to cut all the IT off, to shut InfoWars down, band out video, and to pull the plug on everything right now.
  And I had the witnesses in there that just were told this.
  Buy them.
  I could get with a live camera right now and go show you the U.S. trustee and the auctioneers and all the people here.
  And so this is historic.
  They did not buy it.
  The judge has not certified it.
  They changed the last minute how the auction worked.
  This is ridiculous.
  And so we've set up the Alex Jones Network with great sponsors.
  As a backup, we have a mini-studio.
  The bigger studio is almost done.
  It's down the road from these offices.
  It's owned by other folks.
  They'll have big trouble shutting that down quick, though they'll try.
  They filed months ago in federal court to own the name Alex Jones.
  If they were able to buy it, they tried to get it that day with the judge.
  They actually filed in federal court, the U.S. trustee with the Democratic Party.
  Law firms, they said, quote, the 13th Amendment against Indigenous Serpitude and Slavery does not apply to Mr.
  Jones.
  It applies even more to public figures.
  They said they own my likeness.
  I did not sign a 360 record deal like Prince did with Sony where they did own his name.
  You can contract away your rights, but I never did.
  It's absolutely an affront, 100% ridiculous.
  It's a giant power grab.
  The judge shut that down and said, no, I'm not giving you his name and stuff.
  And real Alex Jones on X, that's his private account.
  And the judge stopped that.
  But they wanted that in the takeover.
  That just happened.
  They said, because their mission is to shut us down, to silence us.
  I have a short compilation if we have time.
  It's three minutes long of them saying that in Connecticut and Texas in the rigged court cases where I was found guilty by judges in default.
  And they had show trials literally scripted and run by HBO with scripts in the judge's hands.
  And I went there to expose it with show trials, didn't realize it was a complete show trial, the likes of which have never been seen in the world to my knowledge, where it's actually an HBO production run by HBO. They have bitten off way more than they can chew.
  This is so incredibly historic.
  The Streisand effect is in maximum effect.
  And we are victorious.
  We have forced their hand to do this in an absolutely insane, ham-fisted maneuver.
  But yes, it's being confirmed now that...
  That they're gonna cut the power.
  So that's where we are any minute.
  The power will be cut off.
  There's a few little surprises there, but I'm gonna just stop right there.
  Because we've been anticipating this because we're not naive.
  We know the enemy we're up against.
  We're not stupid.
  We're not gaslit.
  And it's not just Steve Bannon who's street smart and Alex Jones is street smart.
  It's now the American people that are street smart.
  And we're in a historic moment.
  And so everybody can follow me at RealAlexJones.
  Everybody can follow me at the new Alex Jones Network at AJNLive.
  We have the satellites.
  They're pointed at the radio and TV stations.
  The contract is signed.
  We're waiting to flip the switch.
  That will happen.
  There may be a hiccup on the radio and TV stations today, but most of us we have to tell them where the new feed is.
  But my affiliate relations man who's been here 22 years, John Harmon, is calling them right now.
  We didn't want to panic anybody or jump the gun.
  We wanted to just step off of our sinking ship like John Paul Jones as he took the We're good to go.
  Tied up to the new boat, and we're taking both ships right now.
  Steve Bannon, God bless you, my friend.
  It's so great you answered.
  I know you're very busy, because I feel like kindred spirit with you, because we've been in basically the same position, and we're the only people that have been persecuted anywhere close to Trump.
  So I wanted to get your gravitas at this moment.
  We are still on air.
  They can pull the plug any minute.
  So I'm going to give you the floor.
  Right now, because they're now in the control room.
  They're in the control room.
  Imperial troops are through the glass.
  So don't leave.
  I've got to go talk to them.
  I'll come right back.
  You've got the floor, sir.
  You've got the comm.
  Okay, I've got the deck in the con, taking it on the Bonham Richard, which is John Paul Jones' ship as Alex Jones basically does a 21st century version of John Paul Jones.
  He's not yet begun to fight.
  We'll do some producing here.
  If the Infowars team there can put the cameras, I would love to see the improved groups.
  I think it's very important to put their faces.
  Let's make them infamous.
  I think it's very important for people that broke into today, let's put the camera on them and see what tough guys they are.
  Yeah, let's see who these guys are.
  Maybe we can actually interview a couple of them, put a mic in front of them, ask them why are they doing this when it looks like this hasn't been certified.
  The process here was an auction.
  I've done tons of bankruptcy work at my firm after I left Goldman Sachs, a lot of restructuring work.
  I have never seen a process like this in my entire life.
  Bankruptcy processes are normally very orderly and always looking at the company that's going through bankruptcy or being sold in some sort of court sponsored auction.
  My understanding is that Roger Stone and others had taken a long time to put together a very competitive bid.
  That I think had no financing outs.
  And I think the court owes it to the American people to see what the bids were.
  And if the Stone or other people who are affiliated with Alex actually put a bid in that was competitive or higher.
  Right now, Alex is over there.
  Hopefully, we're coming back.
  They cut the cameras off.
  It's back to me.
  Let's go.
  I wanna go live.
  I wanna pick up their camera feed.
  We don't need to see me, right?
  As great as I look now, right, let's go back to Alex Jones.
  Yeah, I wanna go to Alex Jones.
  Come on Denver, focus, focus, let's do a live, can't do a live shot.
  They lost, do we have any shot at all?
  Okay, fine, the control room.
  To get you up to date, I talked to Alex just moments before we came live and he said, hey, they've come into our lobby.
  They've come into the company.
  They're in the control room.
  They're gonna take this over.
  They're gonna pull the plug.
  You're here for the last historic few moments of broadcasting of Infowars has been one of the great platforms in the MAGA movement in the Trump revolution.
  Alex Jones, I think, is in the control room now.
  I guess we lost it totally.
  We'll try to get it.
  No, no, I'm here.
  We're gonna try to get it back.
  I'm here, Steve.
  We're doing this live.
  Steve, I'm here.
  Okay, so Alex, real quickly, the process was, so who's in the, can we put the camera on the imperial troops that are there to shut down Infowars?
  Can we get a camera on their faces and maybe, let's do that.
  As soon as I started- Let's introduce them to the nation.
  I'd love to introduce these guys.
  As soon as I started talking like an eel, the folks went back in there.
  But I, because there's a control room, folks are, if you want an update, I can run out there and talk to them.
  But yes, yes, they have ordered The IT companies, I was just talking to them, To shut us down.
  And then, Steve, I got word that you wanted me back in the chair, so I ran in here to give you the update.
  And so you're absolutely right.
  And you've been a very successful businessman.
  You've produced a lot of big companies and also films.
  You know how the law works.
  And I'm just explaining to listeners and viewers, have you ever heard of they set up a public auction, people sign the contracts, it's going to be a public auction, then 48 hours before they're told, now it's changed, it's secret, we can give it to people for less money.
  And that's because, yeah, they knew the different groups that were coming in that were ready to spend a lot of money.
  And by extension, the Sandy Hook people, the Democratic Party would have gotten that money.
  But they didn't want the money.
  They wanted to shut this down.
  So, I mean, again, a closed black box process.
  And that is what has now been done.
  And this is going to be before the court.
  So I'm here.
  I'm going to go talk to the U.S. trustee as soon as I get time.
  But we have millions and millions of people tuning in right now on X. It's exploding right now, Steve.
  And so for me, this is part and parcel of the larger lawfare.
  And like you said, the dying gasp of the establishment.
  Hang on.
  Yeah, but hang on.
  Hang on a second.
  I just want to make sure.
  Roger Stone and that group, or the affiliated group with you, they did put, I just wanted the people to know, they did put in a bid, correct?
  Here's how the law works, and we followed it absolutely to the team.
  I could talk to people that said they were interested, and they could say, well, if we were for free speech and all this, would you work with us?
  And I said, yes, that's it.
  I don't know.
  They said they did.
  I don't know.
  They signed on disclosures.
  I don't know if they bid or what they bid.
  I was already working with another group that I've worked with for seven years that are great folks.
  I knew they put in a bid.
  I was allowed to know that, but I did not know what the amount was, and I still don't.
  But they talked to Chris Murray, the U.S. trustee, and so did my lawyers, and the key question was, well, was it bigger?
  And he said it was competitive, which, no, because he put in Monday afternoon in the new rules, the goalposts being moved, a million miles, that It will be the largest bidder.
  We'll just open the envelope.
  The biggest one gets it.
  No process.
  So the good guys could now bid it.
  So it's not really an auction.
  So it went from being an auction to not being an auction.
  And the proviso, he can sell it to somebody for less.
  And so they just think that the judge is going to certify this.
  And if Judge Lopez, appointed by Trump, not done me any favors, but he did fire the U.S. trustees that tried to shut us down in late May and June with no court orders.
  Remember that?
  People thought that was unbelievable.
  They later came in court and said, yeah, we tried to shut down that order, judge.
  The judge said, why?
  They said, there's a security issue.
  And Patrick McGill, the CRO under the U.S. trustee, the judge asked him over and over.
  He goes, well, what happened with guns?
  Well, I really can't say, but there were guns.
  Well, there's concealed carry.
  We got some gun safes.
  We got armed security here.
  It's Texas.
  And the judge said, so?
  So, and our listeners, some of them didn't even believe this happened until they saw it in Bloomberg, AP Reuters, and on national TV later at a court hearing.
  Because it is unbelievable.
  I mean, Mayorkas with Kamala Harris disappearing 325,000 children on record in the Senate report and destroying their identities and ghosting them, not losing them, abducting them.
  That's hard to believe, too.
  The globalist trying to kill Trump twice, we know of, is crazy, too.
  Starting World War III with Russia, crazy, hard to believe, too.
  Announcing that there's no X and Y chromosomes, crazy, happening.
  Teaching five-year-olds secretly in public schools about transgenderism and not telling the parents, crazy, but true.
  You obviously had executive privilege under the Constitution, cut and dry.
  Nobody that's worked in the White House can be made to testify to Congress.
  You, put in prison.
  Hard to believe?
  True.
  All of this is going on, and it's part and parcel, but a large part of the public is not naive anymore, Steve.
  So with the massive audience, I want to get back to us, and I don't know how much time you have, but I wanted to get your take on this, what you think I should do.
  Should I let them buffalo and bluff me out of the building?
  Or just force them to cut the power?
  No, absolutely.
  No, force them to cut the power.
  Alex Jones, the only way Alex Jones and InfraWars can leave the air is in a dramatic Gatadamaran, right?
  Make them cut it.
  Make them force them.
  Let's get the camera on them and go in there and see what these guys are all tough guys.
  When they don't have cameras in their faces.
  They want to destroy you.
  They want to destroy the folks at Infowars.
  They want to take down one of the great brands.
  And the audience should understand, The Onion is the front group that bought it with backing from other sources.
  But The Onion is gonna turn into a parody site, thinking they can mock us.
  They're gonna make fake news and the vitamin supplements that you sell, Alex, and other people sell.
  They think they're gonna be really funny.
  Let's show how funny it is.
  Walk in the control room, put the frickin' camera up in their face, and let's get a name, rank, and serial number.
  Imperial troops gonna come in there and think they're gonna jackboot what's going on.
  Let's see the jackboot.
  Let's see the polish on the jackboot.
  Let's see the heel of the jackboot.
  They're nothing but Gestapo.
  This is the administrative state and the deep state's Gestapo.
  So they wanna do it?
  Put the frickin' camera on them.
  Let's get their names.
  Let's get their ranks.
  Let's put their photos all over the place.
  They're gonna be tough guys.
  They're not so tough.
  Absolutely.
  As you said, the hunted were now becoming the hunted.
  Can you repeat what you said in New York two days ago, Boris?
  The hunted are now become the hunters, and you're a hunter.
  You're a carnivore.
  So these guys are so tough, they're all a bunch of pencil necks.
  Your staff should put the camera on there and say, hey, can I have your name?
  Can I have, give me your social security number, right?
  Let's do it.
  If they're gonna shut down Infowars, make them shut down Infowars.
  You should stay up to the exact moment they pull the plug.
  And once you pull the plug, you go up the road, you start the Alex Jones show.
  But this is a historic moment.
  For many years, you were really the only platform out there that were delivering this information.
  By the way, and make sure people understand this, the American people voted on their form of democracy on Tuesday in the real form of democracy that we represent for this constitutional republic.
  And guess what?
  We won and they lost.
  The jackboots are in your control room right now, got blown out by the American people.
  The American people do not support this.
  They do not support this.
  They do not support these Gestapo tactics of trying to shut down news sites.
  And so let's force them to shut it down.
  Force them to shut it.
  Force them to pull the frickin' plug on it and pull the frickin' plug on global TV. The only way this is gonna stop is when you stop it.
  You're not gonna stop it by being nice.
  You're not gonna stop it by just rolling over.
  The only way it's gonna stop is you must stop it.
  And you can stop it right now.
  Have your team walk in there and say, pull the frickin' plug.
  We're gonna be on national.
  The last photo you show is those guys pulling the plug on Infowars and Alex Jones.
  Let the whole world see it.
  Sir.
  Absolutely.
  We just got another 100,000 followers at Real Alex Jones in the last 20 minutes.
  Everybody needs to follow us at Real Alex Jones.
  And at the backup, they're trying to take that at AJNLive, warroom.org.
  We're all in this together.
  And yeah, I'm going to go talk to these folks here very, very soon.
  Again, ladies and gentlemen, I've also learned more information while you were talking.
  They were piping into my ear.
  While we have such an exponential, gigantic audience, it's always huge, We're all just not in competition.
  We all love each other.
  We're all like brothers.
  We're all in the same army.
  But Steve, all their persecution of you has got you up.
  I'm seeing you reach like 100 million people.
  It's just insane today now.
  Trump has exploded everywhere.
  We're getting 100 million views a day just of Trump clips we put on Alex Jones.
  That's conservative, by the way.
  I mean, it's total war path.
  We're winning everywhere.
  Populists are being elected everywhere.
  Globalists are taking the mask off, trying tyranny.
  It's only backfiring.
  Spend a few minutes, sir, on Trump.
  And what's happening with the swamp?
  I like some of the appointments, some of the appointments I'm worried about, but I trust Trump overall.
  I know you're advising him.
  What are we facing here with, my goodness, 60-something days to his inauguration?
  Give us the battle plan, General.
  Well, right now, you gotta seize the institutions.
  We can't wait till Inauguration Day.
  And I think you're seeing by these appointments, I think you're seeing by the appointments, particularly three yesterday, Pete Hicks, Seth over at Defense, of course, Tulsi at DNI. And remember, at DNI, CIA, everybody, as you know, Alex, all 17, think about it for a second.
  We have 17 intelligence agencies.
  Just chew on that for a second.
  Tulsi's fantastic there.
  She'll start deconstructing that.
  And of course, the great Matt Gaetz.
  And here's what the purpose is.
  The American people rendered a verdict last Tuesday on Nancy Pelosi and Kamala Harris and Joe Biden and Merrick Garland's form of democracy.
  They made it the number one issue.
  So we had a referendum.
  That referendum in a sweeping landslide, both houses of Congress and the presidency in blowout numbers of different demographic groups, different ethnic groups.
  Basically the backbone of America, the credential elite, the college credential elite overwhelmingly voted against us.
  And the working class and the middle class, the people that have built this nation, the nation builders, Supported the leading nation builder, Donald Trump.
  And what they voted for is to stop exactly what's happening to you right now.
  That come in in a jackbooted way.
  Look, there's one way, your legal situation with these people is your legal situation as people.
  And there's processes that you should go through.
  But to know it's a secret, it's a secret auction.
  And now you got the jackboots in there.
  They're threatening your staff and they're gonna sit there and pull it on national TV. Make them pull it.
  These people are cowards.
  This is why I say with Gates going forward, we just need total transparency.
  We should have the most massive declassification dump right after Trump takes his hand off the King James Bible.
  The biggest massive declassification documents dump in American history and it should continue on.
  Sunshine and transparency And putting the camera up in their grill and getting their name is what's gonna stop them.
  And so that's why we're honored to be part of what looks like the last broadcast of InfoWars as you segue over to the Alex Jones show.
  But InfoWars has meant so much to people in this movement.
  Right?
  For so many decades, cuz you were the crier in the wilderness for many, many years, right?
  As really the only guy up on what was then considered TV. So in streaming, as we know, now the podcast and the streaming services and all of us are looked at as fringe and marginal and crazy.
  We set the narrative now, not just for the media, we set the narrative for the nation.
  And they're sitting there, oh, we control CBS, we control 60 Minutes, we control ABC and MSNBC. It doesn't matter anymore.
  CNN, they're all irrelevant.
  Totally irrelevant.
  And one of the ways that they're trying to fight back is to start to pull the plug on people like you.
  They've already tried to intimidate all the sponsors, all the advertisers, all the banks, the credit cards, the service providers.
  Hey, guess what?
  You lost.
  We won, and you lost, and elections have consequences.
  Elections have consequences.
  And you're gonna be on the business end of these consequences in the days, weeks, and months ahead, sir.
  Steve, while you were just talking, I've been listening to you and Wargaming.
  While you were just talking, Steve, InfoWars has been taken down.
  So let's try to go to InfoWars.com, Cruz.
  Show a browser.
  Put it on screen.
  InfoWars.com has been taken down.
  No court order.
  Nothing.
  Look at that.
  So there you go, folks.
  Been telling you how real this is.
  We've been fighting tooth and nail to stay on air.
  And I just got word from the U.S. trustee.
  They've left the building, Steve.
  So they heard what you just said and they left the building.
  But the site's down, and they say they're going to Houston to get an emergency hearing before the judge.
  Exactly.
  I'd like the judge, when they tried a month ago in court, to say they owned my name and owned real Alex Jones, and they wanted it taken then without even a sale.
  The judge said, no, I want this all worked out.
  I don't want litigation after this.
  You don't own Alex Jones.
  And all I'm saying is, the buyers I was working with were told one month after the money cleared, they would get it.
  And the judge had to certify it.
  But then with these people, the onion, because they're God, you know, Soros or whoever gave them the money, Doesn't have to do that, Steve.
  And all I'm saying is I followed the rules.
  And then they changed the auction at the last moment, made it secret, and won't tell.
  So this is wild, Steve.
  So what do you make of these developments?
  But hang on, hang on.
  But they have a fiduciary responsibility, not simply to you.
  They have a fiduciary responsibility, obviously, to the people that sue you to get the most money.
  They also have a fiduciary responsibility to those that actually took the time and effort to put in bids.
  It's not a free thing to put in a bid.
  You gotta get advisors and consultants and all that.
  They have a fiduciary responsibility- You have to put a deposit down.
  They may have to put a deposit down.
  Yes.
  Yeah, a free process that's transparent, and not in the dark at night.
  This is what they did in just pulling InfoWars down.
  By the way, I'm greatly honored to have been the last I'm glad we forced their hand.
  I'm glad we said, hey, you gotta pull the plug, pull the plug.
  Alex Jones is up in broadcasting, right?
  Pull the plug.
  Alex Jones is gonna get shot off the bridge.
  He ain't leaving the bridge, okay?
  Just like John Paul Jones on the Bonhomme Richard.
  He ain't leaving the bridge.
  And now he's gonna hook up to something bigger.
  Tell people, let's get to how we segue Over to your new entity.
  Tell us about it.
  How do people get there?
  What are you going to do?
  Well, they heard you say, go talk to them or whatever.
  And I was just going to go talk to them first.
  I'm a friendly guy.
  Because I know they're just being, you know, they're errand boys, grocers.
  And it's like Colonel Kurtz says in that, you know, that great film Apocalypse Now.
  He asked the Green Beret that's come to kill him.
  He says, what are you?
  And he goes, I'm a soldier.
  He goes, no, you're a grocer.
  An errand boy sent to collect a debt.
  And nabots.
  And that's what we're dealing with here.
  And imagine being us.
  Imagine them putting you in prison for no reason.
  Imagine being Trump.
  Imagine being me and my crew.
  Imagine being my family they've attacked.
  And these people just go along with it.
  And they don't understand they're an extension of it.
  So, I don't know.
  I mean, they got Infowars shut down.
  God knows how.
  And without a court order.
  Just saying he has a right to sell it.
  Yeah, but through a process you do that we were told to follow.
  So it's discriminatory for us to follow the process to the letter.
  The bargain to the letter.
  And then they don't Follow the process.
  That's wrong.
  And so I don't even know if I'm going to go to the Alex Jones Network right now and do my regular show.
  I guess I'll continue on.
  Harris will come into his studio.
  I'll be in the studio 20 feet through that wall.
  And I guess they'll call the power company or something.
  But I guess since the feds have left the building, they're going to have a really big problem with those giant gas generators out there.
  So, I mean, you know, there's just, you know, this is a military operation of the American people.
  And by that, I mean, this is a hardened facility designed for just these moments.
  So here we are.
  And this is just the culmination of my 30-plus years on air.
  This will stride and affect everything we're doing into the stratosphere.
  And as long as they can't trick us and Jedi mind trick us into thinking we're beaten, we're not.
  I mean, just like Trump.
  The greatest comeback history, the greatest comeback story in history, and just President Trump, and just how big this is, breaking the back of the globalists that thought they demoralized us, Steve Bannon.
  I know you've got to go soon, but I just wanted to get more of your take on this.
  Yeah, I mean, obviously the greatest comeback in American history.
  But it's predicated upon this kind of new media ecosystem that was able to amplify his message and drive his message.
  Because he had no big organization.
  It's just Trump being Trump.
  He had a very small campaign And it was a four-year effort to get back in the game.
  As you know, he started immediately upon leaving Andrews Air Force Base when it's a handful of people on the tarmac.
  So it's fantastic.
  I think now the key thing is we're gonna lose Alex here.
  The key thing is to make sure that we get as many people as possible, Alex, to understand where you're going.
  And so we can continue to drive that there's no gap.
  Between your broadcasting Infowars on the Alex Jones Show and the new entity that you're going to have the Alex Jones Show.
  Yes sir, that was the most critical question.
  We must make sure that you've got- That was the most critical question you asked five minutes ago in classic Alex Jones style.
  I went to the whole thought process and kind of began.
  At the end instead of beginning at the beginning.
  I don't know because they're getting an emergency hearing because, yeah, the judge needs to certify this and then I'll abide by it.
  Okay?
  And so now while you're talking, I'm listening, but I'm multitasking.
  They're getting this emergency hearing and stuff.
  So Who knows?
  They may have jumped the gun shutting off Infowars and making these orders and are thinking now, wait, do we really have this authority?
  So I'm going to try to be good cop here and go be nice.
  I'm told that the feds have turned around.
  They're coming back to the building now.
  Now they want to talk.
  And so I'm going to let you have the floor as long as you need to.
  I know you've got your own huge shows to do.
  I'm going to have Harrison come in here as soon as you're done.
  You might want to say one minute, five minutes, or whatever.
  But yes, in case we're shut down right now, here it is.
  InfoWars is gone for now.
  Bandit videos were gone.
  Back when we didn't have X or anything, that was massive, still massive.
  That's shut down.
  So we're now, the AJ Network, the Alex Jones Network, AJN Live, we can put it on screen, just at, that's on X, at, AJN Live.
  Follow us there.
  Because they're trying to get real Alex Jones.
  Follow me at real Alex Jones.
  And then the new network, the new studios are humming and ready.
  Jacked into that.
  Literally just, you know, three miles from here.
  We're ready to go there.
  Quite frankly, Joe Rogan Studios a mile and a half away.
  This is inspiring him so much that, you know, who knows what will happen there.
  I'm just saying they really are, really screwed the pooch on this one.
  He's going to get really pissed, is pissed.
  Tucker's pissed.
  Everybody's pissed.
  My phone's blowing up.
  I know Congress is getting pissed.
  I know Trump's gonna get pissed.
  He's been following this.
  And was, you know, let's just say, watching it closely.
  And let's just say people very close to the big guy were heavily involved and were just, you don't even get to be involved in this.
  The Democrats just came into the trough and got in front of it all.
  And that's not how America works.
  And so we're not just gonna sit here and take this.
  We're gonna politically, nonviolently, Legally, legislatively, and I'm sure the new Attorney General is going to be very interested in all this.
  It's been going with the Justice Department admitting on the stand they cooked up all these lawsuits against me.
  So you find us at X, at Real Alex Jones, and at AGN Live.
  And the sites don't have a bunch of news on them yet.
  They're just placeholders with links.
  But as of tonight, the video feeds will be posted there probably even sooner.
  There already are, actually.
  Articles, everything you've seen at Infowars at AlexJones.network.
  And of course, at Real Alex Jones has its URL counterpart, realalexjones.com, alexjones.live takes you right to a page where all the sponsors and products and donation pages are, alexjones.live.
  And this is it, folks.
  I've been true.
  I've never backed down.
  I've never given in.
  I've never faltered.
  I've never wavered.
  But I could give out.
  We are at a tenth of a tank in the fight.
  In the battle, you know, if we were a F-18, you know, we just knocked out massive enemy forces, but we've got to land again, get fuel, and reloaded in the info war.
  So people are waiting on the tarmac when we land, or use the NASCAR analogy, where three, you know...
  We're good to go.
  AlexJones.network, realalexjones.com, alexjones.live, and follow us on the Mighty X with the incredible game changer, Elon Musk.
  Bannon, you just sign off whenever you want, at least three minutes so I can get Harrison Smith in here to take over.
  I'll find out more, and then I will come back.
  But thank you for coming on.
  It was meant in the stars to happen.
  I tell you what, we're going to jump, but as soon as you get back, find out the information, and we'll have you back on.
  We'll go ahead and jump, and we're going to take a couple of commercial breaks and get cleaned up here.
  So we'll Alex, proud to be the last shot on Infowars, that amazing site, the amazing show.
  Honored to have you to be part of it as they pulled the plug.
  But you find out more from the trustee and text me and we'll get you back up, okay?
  God bless you, Steve Bannon.
  All right, play Infowars lives forever.
  Get Harrison in here.
  I'll go find out and I'll be back.
  We can be shut off any moment.
  Pray for us.
  Be non-violent.
  God bless.
  These folks are just pawns.
  They don't even know what they're doing.
  All right.
  Stay with us.
  Well, ladies and gentlemen, the big moment of truth is here.
  I'm taping this as an emergency message on Friday, November 8th in the evening.
  And in just a few days, next Wednesday, November 13th, by order of a federal judge, InfoWars is being sold to auction and the bad guys say they're going to buy it to turn it off and try to take me off air.
  Well, even if they shut down this building and take the website InfoWars away, I'm the Infowar.
  You're the Infowar.
  The crew is the Infowar.
  Our work is the Infowar.
  The globalist plan was deliberately trying to make us poor.
  They admit that, the Great Reset.
  That's why just a few days after he's president-elect, Bitcoin's way up.
  The stock market's way up.
  All these companies are announcing they're moving back to the US. Russia says they're not going to try to dethrone the dollar anymore.
  So now, it's more important than ever that we stay on air.
  And the only way we can stay on air In the face of all this tyranny, is if you support us.
  So when you go to thealexjonesstore.com, incredible supplements, great patriot apparel, amazing collectible knives, it's all there.
  But we've come out with three fundraiser items that are limited edition, that do have markup in them, so that instead of selling a t-shirt and we end up making like 10 bucks on it, And it doesn't, at the end of the day, bring in enough funds.
  Just like NPR will have a fundraiser to promote their communism and globalism, and a coffee cup probably costs them six, seven bucks.
  When they sell it for a hundred, you know it's not worth that.
  It's a fundraiser.
  You're getting the memento that you supported their New Old Order agenda.
  Well, you don't want to do that.
  You want to support what we're doing.
  So we have these three great limited edition posters.
  Two of them are about InfoWars and celebrating its history and what we've done, whether it survives or not, and just remembering all we've gone through together and ensuring that we continue to fight on the future.
  And the other is an Alex Jones-style InfoWars crew, kind of Star Wars spoof spinoff.
  And they're all great to hang in your office, great to hang in your house.
  They're limited edition.
  They're pieces of history.
  And so when you get them for $50, it costs us to print it and put it in the tube and all that like seven or eight bucks.
  We get some real funds in for operations.
  So I can tell you there's only a few thousand of each one of these posters.
  If you get them, I will have the funds to operate for a few months.
  As it stands right now, we've only got the funds to really get about a month or so launched.
  So I need your help.
  Our work is the most important it's ever been right now.
  These are great posters.
  I'm asking the Infowars family to stand with us.
  You've done so much in the past at this most critical of times.
  Go to thealexjonesstore.com and get one or more of these posters.
  And I humbly, respectfully thank you for your support.
  But I gotta tell you, they are good-looking posters.
  I mean, the Star Wars spinoff spoof is fun, but I designed the...
  Infowars, red and white on black designs.
  One says 1776 worldwide.
  2024, Alex Jones with my signature.
  The other says Infowars lives forever with my signature.
  These are really great looking posters.
  They're iconic and the tyrants hate Infowars.
  They hate the idea of it.
  And it will live on regardless.
  So I thank those that have supported.
  I ask those that have supported to support again.
  And those that have been on the fence.
  Maybe you shared articles, videos, you're a fan.
  What are you doing?
  This is history happening.
  We're turning the tide.
  We have the initiative.
  We're starting to win.
  We've won major battles, but not the war.
  So go down to thealexjonesstore.com and get one of these historic posters and keep us on the air one way or another.
  I thank you.
  And now I ask you to take action.
  God bless.
  I will always believe and I will always say in public that Alex Jones is the most extraordinary person I've ever met.
  I'll tell you, that f***ing guy is right about a lot of s***.
  Alex Jones has been right a lot of times.
  Alex has been right on for over a decade.
  Fluoride, just like Alex Jones was saying, not good.
  It's crazy.
  The real war's here with the globalists and Soros and Obama and the new world order and BlackRock.
  They've declared war on us and we accept the challenge.
  We're taking the country back!
  AlexJones.network is tomorrow's news today.
  All right, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to, well, NotInfoWars.com, NotBan.video.
  Those are down.
  This is Harrison Smith.
  I'm in studio with Owen Schroer.
  Yeah, crazy day.
  Owen, what do you make of this?
  Well, I guess very similarly to Alex, I was doing some heavy lifting.
  I was at the gym throwing weights around when my phone started blowing up.
  And I was told the news, so I'm still kind of in the phase of what's going on here.
  But part of me, when you think about the attack that Infowars has been under for so long and all the things that we've been through, first, you always expect that when you go up against evil, when you go up against a corrupt establishment,
  that obviously they're going to try to crush you.
  They're going to try to take you out.
  And then really, that's basically what they've been publicly saying now for over years.
  So it's kind of like somebody that, it's like you had a terminal illness, and you know they're gonna go down, but they're still there with you every day, still there every day.
  Whenever you're ready, we have a three-minute clip of the lawyers saying, shut us down.
  Whenever you're ready for, call for it.
  Yeah, and so we're gonna play that clip.
  That was Alex who's coming in here.
  But yeah, so it's like they publicly announced it.
  They publicly declared us dead.
  And so it's like, you know, we've been here.
  You can still see your loved one there.
  Even if they look, look, some days they have good days, bad days, whatever.
  You know, it's a ride.
  People have been through that.
  But then there's the day when it's like, yep, that's it.
  It finally happened, yeah.
  I used literally that same analogy yesterday, talking about this, saying it's like we've been called into the hospice with, okay, he's not going to make it through the night, say goodbye, and we say goodbye, and it's heartfelt, and then the next day they're still alive, and you're like, okay, all right, I'm glad, I'm glad we haven't been...
  We're good to go.
  You know, we're going to continue to broadcast until they physically stop us.
  Obviously, Infowars.com is down and Bandai Video is down.
  You can still watch us on X at RealAlexJones at Infowars.
  I'm at Harrison H. Smith.
  You're at Owenshroyer1776.
  Reminds me, official one.
  Owenshroyer1776.
  So we're going to continue to broadcast until we can't anymore.
  You know, it's one of those things where it's like, I'd rather be shut down by jackbooted Nazis than this glib, grinning, condescending, petulant people at The Onion.
  They wrote an article where it's like, yes, we're now going to be talking about Bigfoot and UFOs and all of this stuff.
  Nobody who's watched Infowars in the past eight years really cares or comes here to hear about UFOs or Bigfoot or the Loch Ness Monster.
  I mean, these people are living in some sort of deluded fantasy.
  The reason that we were shut down, the reason that the lawsuit happened in the first place, in my opinion, and the reason that they've been so dedicated, spending tens of millions of dollars to try to shut us down, It has absolutely nothing to do with the out-of-pocket stuff that we might cover sometimes,
  the UFO stuff, the cryptid stuff.
  We'll cover it if it's interesting.
  No, it's the political stuff.
  It's the political activism.
  It's the fact.
  And they testified to this during the trial.
  They brought somebody up who was an expert, who had spent years systematically studying with an entire array of Universities and academies studying Infowars, finding out how we were so effective, quantifying just how much more effective Alex Jones and Infowars were than every other right-wing media outlet combined,
  basically, in 2016.
  That's the reason we're being shut down.
  It has nothing to do with conspiracy theories, as you might think when you hear that term.
  It has everything to do with the effective and powerful political activity that InfoWars was a part of and continues to be a part of and will continue to be a part of, maybe under a different name.
  So let's go to that video Alex had mentioned real quick, because this is what we're talking about.
  This is basically...
  They admit the reason why they wanted to show us.
  It's the doctors that poisoned you telling you've got terminal illness.
  Yeah.
  Let's watch.
  I ask that with your verdict, you not only take Alex Jones' platform that he talks about away, I ask that you make certain he can't rebuild the platform.
  That's what matters.
  Take him out of this discourse, of this misinformation, of this peddling of lies, and make sure he can't do it again.
  That is punishment.
  That is deterrence.
  But somewhere out there right now is another thing.
  Getting ready to pounce?
  Or will you stop them?
  That's going to be in your hands.
  And if we get all done with all the evidence, we're going to come back in your asses.
  Because that's what justice is in this case.
  I hope that we never see someone like him again.
  I hope that with your verdict he can go away.
  Alex Jones is patient zero for our society's inability to speak without lies.
  I believe it.
  He is patient zero for alternative facts.
  Yeah, there's going to be a resolution made under what these claims are valued at.
  And that's also going to have to take into account what the Lafferty claims are valued at, and the Posner claims are valued at, and the Fontaine claims are valued at.
  And that is why I've been saying that what this is heading towards Is there's going to be a large set of plaintiffs who are going to be dividing up the corpse of Infowars and the bankruptcy estate.
  And over the course of that process, that could get very, very dangerous for Mr.
  Jones, because there is going to be a new level of financial scrutiny.
  Some lawyer like me can basically find out that he's hiding the keys to the candy store, pull it out in front of him on the stand.
  I can only imagine what federal receipt was going to do.
  So yeah, it's gonna get interesting from here on out.
  It's gonna get really interesting, that's for sure.
  It's already super interesting, but like we say, it's the end of the beginning.
  And boy, are these clients happy about it.
  There was certainly a message sent out of this courthouse today, that's for sure.
  But we will be at it as long as it takes.
  And if you're out there right now and you're one of Alex Jones' audience members and you're considering giving him money, I just want you to know that based on the jury's verdict today, it's not a very good bet.
  And to go back to what Robbie Parker said, All Alex Jones does is take from you, exploit you, lie to you, feed your fears and your anxieties and your mistrust.
  And the only person that benefits in that equation is him.
  Well, that stops.
  That's stopping today, thanks to the courage of these families.
  Thank you very much.
  Thanks, Senator.
  Alright, so that's why, that's the real reason they told you out of their own mouths, and just in case you weren't able to follow along.
  Well, Alex Jones, for 20 plus years, talked about all sorts of things, but people didn't take him seriously.
  They treated him as the conspiracy guy.
  They thought what he was saying was fake.
  Now, of course, it's absolutely everywhere.
  We basically have taken over the government at this point.
  They're taking fluoride out of the water.
  They're talking about atrazine.
  Everything Alex Jones has been talking about for 20 years has all been proven true.
But for about 20 years, We're good to go. 
  Two plus years, almost three years at this point, of being dragged through the court system, being placed in unfriendly hands, losing control of our company You know, in reality, finally they have succeeded at pulling the plug and Infowars.com is down and Band.video is down just like they said they wanted to do.
  And apparently it's been purchased by The Onion, who intends to, I guess, keep the brand going and make it a parody version of what we do here.
  So I think the most surprising thing about this, Owen, people learning that The Onion still exists.
  We had no idea.
  We had no idea The Onion still exists because nobody cares about it anymore, and it's gone bankrupt like three times in the last three years.
  But they're very confident and condescending and...
  You know, looking down at us and mocking us despite the fact that we haven't lost any audience.
  We haven't lost trust with our audience.
  CNN's going down.
  MSNBC is collapsing due to low ratings.
  The onions had to be bailed out, like I said, about three times in the last couple years.
  Infowars, biggest audience we've ever had.
  Biggest support we've ever had.
  We continue to dominate.
  We did not fail here.
  We are under attack.
  We have been subverted and legally destroyed.
  But I guess whatever Onion intends to do with this, it'll probably last about six months before everybody gets bored with it and moves on because these people have nothing interesting to say.
  Well, that is interesting.
  Given, I guess, their financial troubles, I don't know too much about that.
  I was just looking into it, yeah.
  And then given, I guess, their struggles to maintain an audience.
  I mean, they were popular like 20 years ago, probably at their peak.
  I don't see much from them now.
  So it's amazing how they're able to pull this off.
  So, I mean, maybe there's obviously questions there, but nonetheless, the deal is done.
  It's almost...
  Like a satire of a satire.
  It's almost like a joke of a joke.
  And then I guess that's ultimately what they plan to do now that they've purchased everything.
  I mean, I don't know.
  We'll see what their product is going to be or not.
  Because when you think about it, It's like, there is no Infowars without Alex Jones.
  I mean, you can have the name and the logos and everything, but there is no Infowars without Alex Jones.
  It's not, and nobody's going to watch.
  So I guess...
  I guess they figure if they can turn it into a satire of itself that maybe it can have an audience and bring in some value.
  But like you said, I think the curiosity from that won't last very long.
  Remember they tried to do that?
  What was that show that they did?
  It was like when Colbert stopped doing his show, they tried to do like the, oh, we'll do Colbert again, where instead of pretending to be Bill O'Reilly, he'll be Alex Jones.
  Remember they did The Conspiracy?
  Jordan Kepler, I think was his name?
  Yeah.
  Yeah, of course.
  We don't even remember it.
  But they went all out.
  They thought it was going to be the next big thing.
  It was going to be the next big Stephen Colbert.
  They were mocking us.
  They had the same mics and the articles all over the desk.
  And it lasted like six months.
  Nobody ever watched it.
  I don't even remember the name of it.
  And you know, the other irony of this, too, and I was talking about this yesterday...
  At the same time where CNN is basically gutting its network, MSNBC is about to be up for sale.
  That's organic.
  They can't maintain an audience.
  They don't have the ratings.
  Even in the corrupt mainstream media system where they're just funded by the pharmaceutical industry and the big agriculture and all these industries that's basically like a hamster wheel that they all maintain themselves in.
  And even they aren't going to survive.
  Like, organically, their ratings are so bad that they can't even maintain their own weight now.
  So MSNBC's future is unknown.
  CNN's future is unknown.
  That's organic.
  Shutting down Alex Jones, shutting down InfoWars and everything we've done here, that was synthetic.
  You know, we organically were the most successful.
  We organically...
  We're the most popular.
  What they're doing to us is synthetic.
  It's not because of the content or what we do on air or the guests or anything we've done.
  It's synthetic.
  It's outside factors.
  With MSNBC, with CNN, and I guess with The Onion, I mean, I don't know.
  Like you said, I haven't seen or heard anything from The Onion in years.
  It got purchased in 2019.
  But think about what you're saying.
  They get injections.
  Places like Vice News.
  $400 million investment, just pure cash injection, and they fail.
  Infowars kicked off of social media, constantly demonized, constantly sued, constantly distracted, and yet we're still winning.
  So it's not like we both try and we win and they lose.
  It's like they get every break, they get every benefit, they get massive cash injections, they have an entire establishment set up to support them.
  They still fail.
  Infowars has absolutely everything rigged against us in a very real way.
  And yet we succeed massively until they do something like actually physically come in and pull the plug, which is I guess what they've done.
  SimpleWars.com is down and Bandai Video is down.
  And we don't even know how they did that.
  I haven't even tried to go to the sites.
  Yeah.
  What happened?
  It's just a DNS report that says this website cannot be found.
  The crew can bring it up.
  But yeah, it just sounds.
  So we're on X. Are we on Rumble?
  We're on X and we're still streaming on Rumble.
  And I imagine we're still going out over the radio.
  For now.
  So if you are hearing my voice, you know, congratulations.
  The, you know, circumventing the censorship just got a little bit more difficult.
  Sight unavailable until further notice.
  That's crazy.
  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Unbelievable.
  You know, it's like we've expected it for so long.
  It's surreal that it's here now.
  To me, it's just surreal.
  Well, it's just like somebody...
  In a courtroom, in a case where they know they're innocent.
  And yet, you're guilty.
  That's what seeing that is like.
  It's like, you know you're innocent and you're just like...
  You're sitting there in the electric chair.
  The helmet's screwed on.
  Watch him about to flip the—just thinking back to the night of the murder when you were at home in bed.
  It is completely sane.
  Again, if we—this would be cause for introspection if we were being shut down because we lost audience like CNN or we just weren't selling advertising like The Onion.
  It would feel bad.
  We have nothing to feel bad about.
  We have nothing to look back on and go, gee, I guess that was a mistake.
  No, if it wasn't Sandy Hook, it would have been something else.
  They had to find something to shut us down.
  Again, this is my opinion, even though I feel like now that it's all over, I should be able to say whatever I want.
  I don't want to mess up any potential future legal proceedings.
  So I'll just say in my personal and unassociated agenda or opinion, they would have found something else.
  So it's not like we can go back and go, gee, we shouldn't have done that.
  No, we...
  The reason we're being shut down is the stuff that we did right.
  The stuff that we should have and more people should have done.
  Told the truth about the poisons in the food and water.
  Told the truth about the manipulation and the occult programming in the mainstream media.
  Told the truth about the political sphere.
  And...
  Actually activated our audience to stand up, fight back.
  You are the resistance.
  You got Trump elected.
  You have posed an existential threat to the establishment.
  And now, at the moment of our greatest victory, they're shutting us down.
  Because make no mistake, the fact that you've got Tulsi Gabbard, the fact that you've got Ron Paul talking about in the Fed with Elon Musk, the fact that we're back on X and Elon Musk purchased it, And we're allowed to thrive there.
  The fact that you've got RFK taking on Anthony Fauci, taking on the entrenched pharmaceutical companies that have dominated the parts of the government that are supposed to regulate them.
  Matt Gaetz is attorney general.
  It's like all of this is downstream from Alex Jones.
  That's what you have to understand.
  All of this germinated from the seed pod that is Alex Jones.
  And that's one of the amazing things.
  That's one of the things I love about Infowars, Owen, is that like When Alex Jones was starting, you know, he just covered everything.
  So he covered the poisons in the food and water and, you know, what you need to be healthy.
  He covered the dangers of vaccines.
  He covered the, you know, infiltration of the globalists and the World Economic Forum.
  And it's like from the seed pod of Infowars and Alex Jones...
  You know, each one of these topics now has an entire, you know, industry behind it.
  You've got the RFKs who are just dead set on vaccines.
  You've got rye nationalists and the bodybuilding right.
  That's all about, you know, getting plastics out of the food and water and, you know, stopping the estrogen mimickers.
  It's like what started at InfoWars has metastasized and grown, is now self-propelling.
  So even if InfoWars was like Totally shut down and they put Alex Jones in a box somewhere.
  The bomb has already been detonated.
  The code has already been released.
  There are 10,000 Alex Joneses at this moment broadcasting, writing articles, and changing the world.
  So it's over.
  It's over.
  It's done.
  And I don't know.
  We're going to get bigger from this.
  They do recognize that.
  It's a little shocking still.
  I'm still sort of reeling at the fact that it's actually happening.
  I really had some perhaps ill-advised optimism coming in this morning.
  But I know that once we get through this, we're only going to get bigger and better and more explosive.
  So we'll try to look on the bright side, but...
  Again, it's because we're so successful and it's because the mission has always been and the mission statement has always been you are the resistance.
  Get involved.
  Get active.
  Go into the real life.
  Protest.
  I mean, that's what you've been on the forefront of as well.
  Owen, I don't attend as many protests because I don't trust myself to maintain composure and not get arrested.
  But you're good at that.
  And again, I think that's why they threw you in prison.
  They're fine if you want to sit in a basement and talk about this crap.
  The moment you put it into action, the moment you actually...
  Get a bullhorn.
  The moment you interrupt proceedings, the moment you lead a march legally, lawfully, within the bounds of the First Amendment, that's when they target you.
  They do not want you acting on this information.
  Yeah, there's two elements from my, I would say at this point, expert research tells me that their biggest fear is.
  The two elements are, one, people that are able to be live when there's breaking news.
  We're good to go.
  Really, you have like an hour, 24 hours, 48 hours max to control a narrative.
  Most people aren't politically informed.
  They don't watch the news aggressively.
  They watch it passively.
  So the first 10 minutes, hour, 24, 48 hours, it's like that's when the narrative is going to hit.
  So whatever they see first, that's the narrative.
  So the corrupt establishment The government, big tech, the deep state, the globalist, they want to silence anybody who's live and can be live when there's breaking news and push back against the narrative.
  So that's check mark one against obviously Infowars and Alex Jones.
  And then what you said, the other one is they don't like people that actually engage in grassroots activism, speaking truth to power.
  And so the protests is kind of like, well, You know, maybe a protest, but what my true big crime that they wanted to make an example out of me was when I did go to Congress and when I did go to the Capitol, not on January 6th,
  but when I went there and showed the double standard with a piece of tape over my mouth when the day before there were 40 anti-Trump protesters, had the officer on that arrested me just last month, basically explaining what goes on.
  And then when I stood up during the sham impeachment hearings And they arrest me for that.
  Most people don't get arrested.
  They'll get a citation.
  Most times it'll just get tossed.
  This happens all the time.
  Even David Hogg stood up and disrupted a gun hearing.
  He didn't suffer any of the legal consequences that I did.
  So we had plenty of cases to prove it was persecution against me.
  So the left is allowed to do that.
  That's what they want.
  They want their controlled media to control the narrative when there's breaking news.
  They don't want anybody in there pushing back on the narrative.
  And then they only want their groups to be able to engage in activism because it creates the illusion to the American people or anybody around the world.
  I mean, it's not just America that deals with propaganda, folks.
  But it's...
  They want the illusion that, oh, this is where the social world is.
  This is the only group of people that care.
  This is the loud majority over here.
  There's nobody over here that feels this way about, in my case, Trump being impeached.
  Look, there's all the Trump protesters that hate Trump in DC. There's all the Trump protesters that hate Trump in the Capitol.
  And then when I show up, They're like, oh no!
  So it's like in ants, like when one ant pushes back the rest.
  So they got to make an example of the ant.
  So that's what they really fear.
  And, you know, maybe the kind of the added thing, and this is more just I think about mounting, like they want to mount InfoWars head on the wall like a trophy.
  You know, Alex...
  We're good to go.
  What is now the kind of burgeoning new media format.
  And this is what people are trying to do.
  And nobody does it like Infowars.
  But I think that if they wanted to mount My head on the wall is because I kind of created the genre of go out into the streets and own the libs.
  That's kind of a genre now that's caught on and all kinds of people do it.
  I see a lot of young guys do it all the time.
  It makes my heart filled, honestly.
  It's like the greatest thing I've ever seen.
  But really, the first major viral moment of that genre of video was AIDS Skrillex.
  AIDS Skrillex.
  Destroyer.
  Two legends born that day.
  You're an effing white man!
  So, I mean, and so, yeah, there it is right there.
  But that's what I'm talking about.
  Look at how great this crew is.
  This is why they hate us.
  Me and Harrison are up.
  We don't have a script, folks.
  There's no teleprompter.
  There's no PAC. I just got in here.
  And this is how great the crew is at what they do, too.
  They pulled that thing up in stopwatch.
  It's like, you ever play that game as a kid where you try to, like...
  Get the lowest time on the stopwatch.
  That's like how fast this crew operates.
  There's nothing else like this.
  Somebody mentioned Mitch McConnell.
  They had an AI turtle up on screen in 10 seconds.
  An AI turtle.
  An AI turtle with Mitch McConnell's face.
  It's wild.
  There it is.
  Look at that.
  This crew, they're like...
  High quality.
  They're the greatest duelers in the West.
  They're the fastest hands in the West.
  What do we put Thune's face on?
  Because he's like McConnell with a pulse.
  Like an ostrich, maybe?
  All right, well, look, you're exactly right about, you know, the way Alex Jones changed the landscape of media.
  And, you know, I remember he did this.
  Somebody interviewed him for a documentary like right after Trump won.
  And I remember Alex going, you know...
  We changed the paradigm.
  We've changed the paradigm like ten times, and it's true.
  Changing the paradigm of accepting the media or questioning it.
  As early as Waco, he was probably one of the only voices in the nation standing up against the unified narrative of these crazy cultists burned themselves.
  Well, Alex Jones was there rebuilding the church and telling the truth about that story.
  Everybody recognizes that now.
  He changed the...
  Change the dynamic, totally revolutionized media by merging television, radio, and the internet.
  Of course, Infowars.com having a website to point to, to show pictures and videos to people that are listening to you on the radio.
  Totally massive, totally game-changing.
  And so Alex is sitting there in this interview going, we've changed the paradigm this many times.
  I guess we're going to have to change it again.
  I guess we're just going to have to keep changing it.
  He's like, I want to retire.
  He's like, we already won.
  We got Trump-elected in 2016.
  He's like, I want to be done, but nobody else is there.
  Nobody else can do it.
  So I I guess we're going to have to change the paradigm again.
  I remember thinking at the time, like, how could you?
  I mean, how could you change the paradigm again?
  How many, like, how much more iterations could there be?
  Like, I didn't even understand what that meant.
It's like, I'm understanding it now. 
  We're changing the paradigm of resistance.
  We're changing the paradigm of just, you know, what it means to resist these people and what it takes.
  And...
  We're good to go.
  We will continue.
  We will have to change the paradigm again, I guess.
  I guess this is what we have to do.
  No one else seems willing or able to do it.
  But we'll let The Onion do their sarcastic takeover of Infowars.
  It'll last about three months before they go bankrupt and get purchased by some other billionaire with ulterior motives.
  Maybe they'll bring back the show that already failed one time.
  Yeah, and we can't remember the name of it.
  Does anybody remember the name?
  Jordan Kepler had a show for about 10 minutes.
  I remember Alex had like a fake jacket that he had because there was like, I guess he put on a jacket for the show.
  It was like an all-American jacket that he had on.
  But yeah, you know what's funny too is You talk about Vivek Ramaswamy, who said they want to cut the federal government down 75%.
  He's heading the Department of Government Efficiency with Elon Musk.
  Vivek Ramaswamy was one of the few that Raised his voice and came to my support during my political persecution and incarceration.
  He's now about to be running the Department of Government Efficiency.
  Matt Gaetz was one of the few people that stood up for me.
  That was in a congressional hearing that stood up to me and brought me up during a congressional hearing.
  He's now going to be the Attorney General.
  Or, you know, God pray, let's hope he's the Attorney General.
  The Republicans, ironically enough, might try to stop that.
  But...
  You know, it was kind of like when Hillary Clinton mentioned Alex Jones during her presidential tour, when Donald Trump came on Alex Jones.
  It's like, slowly but surely, it's like the acceptance of, you know, as they say, the Alex Jones was right jar.
  It's like, slowly but surely, it's the acceptance of that.
  Yeah, this was the real deal all along.
  Infowars was the real deal all along.
  Our guests, our audience, our hosts, we were the real deal.
  We were the game changers.
  We were the renegades.
  Basically, we were the Magellans of mainstream media's collapse.
  We were the Magellans that ruined the world map and said, no, this is the actual renegade.
  And yes, I am.
  I am paying homage to the great Alex Jones Magellan rant that was done intentionally.
  So it's like we were the Magellans of the media.
  No, you thought this was the media?
  Actually, this is the media.
  Actually, we are the media.
  We have circumnavigated the media globe.
  No, you're exactly right.
  And look, everybody is Alex Jones now.
  Everybody is Alex Jones.
  And the conservative right-wingers, they had to, out of sheer survival instinct, the Fox News couldn't resist the Alex Jones InfoWars talking points anymore.
  They had to sort of move over to our side.
  They're still neocon, they're still not great, but...
  When you turn on Fox News, it sounds a hell of a lot more like Infowars than it did 10 years ago.
  Now, meanwhile, the left just completely fails to defeat us at all or counteract us or curtail our actions at all because they genuinely don't understand us, I think.
  Some do.
  Some get us and...
  That's why they're scared of us, right?
  They understand how powerful they are, they understand what we do, and they are desperate to try to disguise that and bury that and distort that in the minds of the average person.
  So they get it, and they're terrified of it.
  But most liberals and the people that the Onion owner is talking to in this letter he wrote are the people that genuinely don't understand where we're coming from, so they can't parody us, they can't Really successfully mock us.
  They certainly can't contend with our ideas when there's no censorship.
  So when they do these shows, whatever they try to do to parody InfoWars as they take it over and turn it into a parody of itself, it's not going to last because they don't actually understand what we're about or what we say.
  And you have to actually understand something to successfully parody it.
  I think it was Norm Macdonald always said, you have to like a person to do a good impression of them.
  You can't do an impression of somebody you hate, and you can't hate somebody that you understand.
  So they don't understand us because they hate us, and they hate us because they don't understand us.
  And for that reason, we just baffle them, and when they try to parody us, it just falls flat because they don't actually watch us.
  So they have a story up now.
  Well, I really don't even want to give them any credence, but yeah, I mean, I am curious, like, what...
  I mean, I think it's obvious what they plan to do with it.
  But I'm just curious, like, so are you gonna start publishing headlines like, there's chemicals in the water turning the frogs gay?
  It's like, as a joke?
  Are you gonna publish headlines like, there's a deep state that wants to kill Trump?
  Like, as a joke?
  Or like, what is it?
  Fluoride in the water is lowering IQs.
  That's the Onion InfoWars headline as a joke.
  It's like, are these people still living in the past?
  Is that what this is?
  It's like, do they think people are still living in the past where...
  This stuff is real.
  That's not satire.
  That's not parody.
  Everybody gets that's what's going on now.
  Everybody gets that they're spraying heavy metals into the sky.
  Everybody gets that they want to control the climate, to control the planet, control the human, control the individual.
  It's like none of this works as satire.
  So it's like, again, it's like satire on satire equals reality?
  Like, I don't know what...
  I'm trying to figure out the phase of all of this.
  But this is the thing.
  As you're pointing out, you're exactly right.
  Like, what are they going to do?
  Try to sat...
  Whereas, meanwhile, if it was us, if we wanted to sit here and go, well, Infot Wars is now owned by The Onion, so I'm here to tell you, eat the bugs.
  It's time to eat the bugs.
  And we have to enforce global warming.
  We have to teach them about global warming by force, and they'll go to camps if they don't.
  We could easily do a satire version of the left where we just Say what they really believe and make it overt.
  I mean, hell, that's what the pitch meetings are.
  They're incredibly easy to write because you just actually take the headlines and when you actually lay out what liberals really believe in a back and forth sort of manner, it's hilarious because it's so absurd what they believe and what they think.
  It's not really the same with us.
  We sort of switch places.
  In that regard.
  Yeah, maybe before, because, you know, you say, like, well, before that was a joke, but, like, it never was a joke.
  There always was atrazine in the water.
  Chemicals always were making the frogs gay.
  Fluoride always did lower your IQ. So it's not that has suddenly become true.
  That's always been true.
  It's just finally, after just years and years of battery ramming this information out, it finally broke through, and now everybody gets it.
  And so it's not funny to mock anymore.
  I'm wondering what the hell's going on out there.
  I see people running around scrambling.
  I know Alex is somewhere.
  All right, Jones is about to come back in here.
  And I'm wondering where we are right now.
  I guess Alex is going to host his show from the new studio, maybe, is the plan.
  Okay, so yeah, Alex is going to be hosting his show from the new studio.
  Wow, so it's happening.
  We've already got the satellite networks built.
  Alex is ready to go.
  I know, I mean, you know, you're here, you'll speak for yourself, but I'm not going to be silent.
  I've got a pretty good idea what the future holds.
  You can go check out the latest on my account on x at owensroyer1776.
  I'm not gonna use this platform to make the announcement just out of respect for Alex and Infowars.
  But yes, there will be satellite networks.
  I'm not gonna stop.
  I definitely intend on doing my show.
  I'm not sure what is gonna happen today.
  Quite frankly, I'm getting a lot of incoming I don't know.
  I doubt that...
  Any live program is going to be happening here the rest of the day.
  So I guess yesterday was the final Infowars War Room.
  I guess this will be the final American Journal.
  And I'm guessing that Alex is going to come in here and make his announcement.
  Maybe a final farewell from this studio.
  And then officially launch his independent AJ network as well.
  And he'll give you updates there.
  For updates with me at Owen Schroer 1776 on X. Rumble.com slash Owen.
  But I would say definitely Monday, we'll see what happens the rest of this week and today, but definitely Monday, I will be live at 3 o'clock Central.
  I will be live at 3 o'clock Central, at least on that Rumble channel.
  And I'm not stopping.
  I'm not going anywhere.
  I know Alex isn't either.
  And I know Harrison, I mean, this is your lifestyle as well.
  Yeah, and of course, you know, our audience depends on us.
  What are they going to do at 3 p.m., you know, without Owen Troyer?
  I'll be there for them.
  I will be there at 3 p.m.
  Central for the rest of your life.
  For the rest of your life.
  I'm going to live to be 100 years old.
  I'm only 35.
  65 more years I'll be on at 3 p.m.
  Yeah, and I'll do Moonbase until, you know, it's like...
  We're the Iron Giant.
  We've been exploded by the nuke, and so now all of our little pieces have to crawl back and reform together.
  But until then, yeah, follow me at Harrison H. Smith.
  I think you can go to moonbase.show.
  We'll do Moonbase in the morning instead of American Journal, but it'll be the same content on a scaled-down thing.
  And I think to us, the worry is just how do we do it with enough...
  You know, support to bring the crew along, because that's the real shame here, is that, as I've always described it, InfoWars is this battleship, and it allows us to be bigger than the sum of our parts.
  We have the most amazing artists, the most amazing technical directors, the most amazing.
  I don't even understand.
  I worked on the technical side.
  I worked behind the scenes for a long time.
  Still, when these guys start talking, I'm like, what are they even saying?
  They're using code words?
  I don't even get it.
  It's this incredibly talented crew that we've gathered together, and it allows us to man our stations, do our part, and together we operate this massive and powerful ship.
  And now it's like we're all sort of in our own little rowboats going off by ourselves, but we're not going to stop.
  We're all still headed in the same direction.
  Hopefully we can just...
  We're good to go.
  It's just surreal that it's finally here.
  We've been waiting for this moment for so long, and here we are evacuating Hoth and moving to the next Rebel base somewhere.
  Did you ever see the movie Real Big Fish?
  A long time ago, yeah.
  It's one of my favorite movies ever, and there's an important message at the end of that movie, and I feel like that's kind of where we're at.
  And it's all about the journey.
  It's not about the death.
  It's not about the goodbye.
  It's all about the journey.
  And the journey here at InfoWars has been epic.
  It's changed the world.
  And I'm honored to be a part of it.
  Five minutes, I'm coming in to make the big announcement.
  So you can stay there, Harrison.
  I'll take over the seat.
  And then I'll tell you what's going on, all right?
  All right, five minutes, folks.
  Five minutes until the announcement.
  Talk to the feds.
  Ooh, Alex just talked to the feds.
  And we'll get an update in five minutes.
  It's all about the journey.
  And Alex always reads that quote.
  And ironically, strangely, coincidentally, it was a quote that I had.
  It was my Facebook profile.
  When I first made it Facebook in high school, I had this quote.
  And it just remained my quote forever.
  And it's about the man in the arena, those who dare to strive for something, those who dare to risk failure in order to achieve triumph.
  So is this a failure?
  Well, it doesn't feel good.
  It doesn't feel good getting shut down.
  Certainly, It's a failure in some regard, or it's a defeat, I should say, in some regard.
  But it's like, what does that mean we wouldn't have tried this?
  If we knew this was the outcome, would we have never tried it?
  No, of course not.
  We did know this was the outcome, and we did do it.
  And we did put all of our effort into it, and we will continue to put all of our effort into it.
  So, you know, this is the price you pay for We're good to go.
  Yep.
  Against the Persians.
  Well, because he wanted to show, and like you said at the end, he wanted to show that even a god king can bleed.
  Yep.
  And so that's why when he hits Xerxes with the spear and he cuts him and he's bleeding, and then he just sits there and he's just like, I've done it.
  Yep.
  Like, my mission is over.
  He didn't even care.
  Xerxes didn't die.
  They didn't defeat the army.
  All of his men died.
  None of that mattered.
  Because in that moment, he showed that even a god-king can bleed, and he knew it was now over for them.
  It didn't matter his fate or the fate of the 300.
  He knew it was now over for Xerxes.
  He knew that Xerxes was now dead, not King Leonidas.
  And so that's the moment I feel like we're in right now.
  It's just like...
  Now we're just sitting here.
  The arrows are about to come down.
  We're looking over at one another, nodding our heads, saying what an honor it was, what an honor it was.
  Going into the battle knowing tonight we dine in hell, knowing this would be the end, knowing what we're putting on the line.
  Someone needs to put Alex's face on this.
  We need to meme this right now.
  Put Alex's face on King Leonidas and then have Harrison and me and Rob Dew and the crew and everybody behind him.
  And of course the final moment happens.
  And then, of course, not only is it the time needed to gather reinforcements for the real battle to come, but it's the story of Leonidas that inspires the rest of Greece to stand up and fight back.
  So that's where we're at now.
  This is 300 or like the Alamo.
  I mean, the Alamo was a defeat.
  Everybody there died.
  But when you have 186 men fighting off 5,000 and holding them off for two weeks straight, that's a victory.
  That's a victory that ensures the greater victory.
  So you can lose the battle and win the war.
  And this is a battle where the odds have been rigged against us.
  They have pulled out every hook and crook and trick in the book from declaring us guilty before ever having a trial, having a show trial.
  And, you know, it's something that I've mentioned before, but it's worth emphasizing.
  What happened to Alex Jones in the courtroom, people look at it and go, well, but he had a trial.
  It's called a show trial, folks.
  People don't understand.
  It's like Americans think that if tyranny isn't goose-stepping down Main Street, it's not tyranny.
  No, tyranny has to and always cloaks itself in the legitimate function of a government.
  You have to have show trials.
  You have to appear as though you're following the law.
  That's how tyranny always imposes itself.
  So don't tell me, well, Alex Jones had a trial.
  Look at the details.
  Look at what the people involved said, from the lawyers to what Alex Jones himself said about what was going on.
  It was not a trial.
  He was prevented from even referencing the First Amendment to claim his free speech.
  It was never about declaring him guilty or not guilty.
  It was about declaring him guilty or super guilty and then just deciding how guilty that was.
  Total kangaroo court show trial that would make...
  You know, Hitler or Mussolini blush.
  This is tyranny.
  This is what it looks like.
  This is how it's activated.
  This is how it takes America down.
  And I've been in the wrong side of that triangle too many times.
  And you always hear the saying, well, I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
  I really wouldn't, actually.
  I would not wish upon even my worst enemy a rigged courtroom against them.
If my worst enemy is a criminal and they're in a courtroom, I want justice. 
  Even in that situation, I want justice, obviously.
  I don't want rigged trials.
  I don't want rigged courtrooms.
  But I've been in the wrong corner of the triangle of that proceeding.
  And it's a really...
  We're good to go.
  A justice system or the government or a court system against somebody or against an idea or against a group of people that's really about as bad as it gets because really the next step after that, of course, is just rigging violence against people.
  I mean, that's the last step before you just go violent against the same ideology or people or group.
  I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemies.
  If my worst enemies are criminals, I want justice.
  I want justice is what I want.
  And so I hope that other people don't have to experience that.
  I hope that in four years of this next Trump administration, we can try to get some semblance of justice back.
  I mean, it's never going to be perfect.
  It's almost just imperfect on its face.
  But at least we can have an effort.
  I look at some of these things and I'm like, this is what It causes lawyers to get a bad name.
  And this is what causes people to not trust the justice system.
  You know, the same thing happening with Donald Trump.
  People see that and they just say, wow, if they can rig it against Donald Trump, if they can rig it against Alex Jones, then they can rig it against anybody.
  Yeah, no, absolutely.
  And yeah, it's just such a shame.
  And of course, the classic thing in criminal law is like, this question, is it better to let 10 innocent people go or falsely convict one, or 10 guilty people go or falsely convict one innocent person?
  And the idea is our system is set up to avoid at all costs.
  Convicting an innocent person because people get away with crimes every single day.
  I probably sped on the way here.
  That's me getting away with a crime, right?
  It's like that's incumbent in the system.
  People are going to get away with a crime.
  That's not the worst thing in the world.
  You want to minimize that.
  But an innocent person being subjected to a system and being falsely convicted or having it rigged against them, that is such a malfunction of the system.
  Just a thousand times worse than guilty getting away.
  It's innocent people being convicted.
  And that's how it feels right now.
  We are innocent people being convicted.
  And not just convicted, but having just incredible, way beyond any semblance of justice or fairness, the punishment against us.
  Cruel and unusual, I think, would be the term for it.
  Well, it's the onion.
  It feels like you've just bit into an onion.
  Again, it's just like, it's satire stacked on top of satire at this point.
  Yeah.
  That's what the message is coming to me.
  It's like, is this a joke?
  Like, really?
  Yeah, and I mean, it's almost...
  I mean, it's the fact that these people will use this incredibly powerful, unfair rigged system to their own benefit and then parade around like they did something great.
  I mean, I always use the analogy of salacious crumb, right?
  This little yapping, laughing chihuahua dog that sits with Jabba the Hutt because they associate themselves and they get near to this giant, corrupt, slimy slug monster, and that makes them feel powerful.
  They think they are the powerful ones at that point.
  Which is fine.
  Laugh all you want.
  We're the Jedi.
  We are destined to win in the end.
  So laugh it up.
  Laugh it up, The Onion.
  It's very funny watching the first minute be eviscerated in real time.
  Yeah, and at the end of the day, that's really the story here, is if they can take Alex Jones' free speech, his likeness, his name, everything he's worked for, his First Amendment, then they can do it to anybody.
  All right, we just heard the deep, grumbly voice of Alex Jones.
  Harrison, this has been your show for years.
  I'm going to let you close this out before Alex takes over.
  Well, what an unexpected and shocking twist, folks.
  Alex Jones has talked to the feds.
  He's going to give you the breakdown and the latest news.
  We're going to show a short promo and be back in just a few minutes.
  Stay with us.
  I ask that with your verdict, you not only take Alex Jones' platform that he talks about away, I ask that you make certain he can't rebuild the platform.
  That's what matters.
  Take him out of this discourse, of this misinformation, of this peddling of lies, and make sure he can't do it again.
  That is punishment.
  That is deterrence.
  But somewhere out there right now is another thing.
  Getting ready to pounce?
  Or will you stop it?
  That's going to be in your hands.
  And if we get all done with all the evidence, we're going to come back and recognize this.
  Because that's what justice is in this case.
  I hope that we never see someone like him again.
  I hope that with your verdict he can go away.
  Alex Jones is patient zero for our society's inability to speak without lies.
  I believe it.
  He is patient zero for alternative facts.
  Yeah, there's gonna be a resolution made under what these claims are valued at.
  And that's also gonna have to take into account what the Lafferty claims are valued at, and the Posner claims are valued at, and the Fontaine claims are valued at.
  And that is why I've been saying that what this is heading towards Is there's going to be a large set of plaintiffs who are going to be dividing up the courts of Infowars and the bankruptcy estate.
  And over the course of that process, that could get very, very dangerous for Mr.
  Jones, because there is going to be a new level of financial scrutiny.
  You know, some lawyer like me can basically find out that he's hiding the keys to the candy store, pull it out in front of him on the stand.
  I can only imagine what federal receivers are going to do.
  All right, and that was two years ago, and the federal receivers came in and found nothing wrong, and I got a $4.3 million tax return in the IRS audit because we'd overpaid taxes, and I had basically no assets, and that went into the bankruptcy and into the whole system.
  All right, so this could be the last minute of me on air out of these studios for the last 16 years.
  InfoWars for 27 of it on air, 30 and a half years.
  Follow us right here at RealLogShowsOnX at AJNLive.
  Be sure to follow that at the All Shows Network.
  I'm going to sign off here.
  I'm not going to give away legal strategy, but what they did, and I've talked to the lawyers and what went on with the so-called auction and the way it was done and the fact that I knew it, they don't even deny it now, a lower bid Was allowed to have the assets.
  No amount of money that we would have brought forward with our folks we're working with would have been there.
  And I told the crew that.
  I told them they would have a shutdown on Thursday morning.
  And so this was expected by me.
  And that's what this is.
  So, it's 1026.
  And I'm about to sign off here.
  We'll, you know, run some clips and things to, you know, fill up the time here.
  And then in about 20, you know, 33 minutes from now, if you're watching on the streams at Real Alex Jones and the streams at AJN Live, you will see me out of the new studio.
  The news desk, there's a bigger studio that's almost done there as well.
  And we've got backups on top of that with folks.
  Several people own it, run it.
  They're going to try to get that, too.
  It's not going to work.
  And the Streisand effect is happening.
  The system doesn't want you to know this information.
  So, they're turning off the internet.
  They're turning everything off here.
  And so, that's in the process right now.
  InfoWars is turned off.
  Bandit video is turned off.
  And so...
  There is a very good chance that we will be back here in the next few days as soon as the judge has an emergency hearing.
  And this is what I believe is injustice and wrong will be upended.
  And so discretion is the greater part of valor.
  And so the feds that were here left.
  And when they heard Steve Bannon say, you know, go put cameras on them, that's not what I was going to do.
  I wanted to go talk to them.
  I did talk to them over the phone.
  And they're going to Houston for the emergency hearing that the folks I was working with that put in real bids were just denied the process.
  They went and paid.
  They went and put down deposits.
  They did everything right.
  And then, nope, sorry, lower bid gets it.
  And that's all coming out in court.
  And if the judge wants to certify this, and that's what America is so far, we know that we've got to continue to work to restore our republic.
  But we've won.
  Trump's in.
  We're turning the tide.
  We haven't won the war.
  We've won the major battles.
  And so I just want to commend the crew.
  I want to commend everybody for the hard work over the years that they have done.
  I want to thank the listeners and the viewers that over the years have fought so hard to keep us on air.
  This is not a victory for the bad guys.
  This is them being revealed.
  This is them being brought out in the open.
  This is the globalist tyranny being forced to take the mask off.
  And so, this will only backfire, that's 100% clear, Streisand Effect, because you are going to take all my old clips, all our live shows, everything we do, and know that the system doesn't want you to have this because we are effectively bringing America back in a peaceful second American revolution.
  So, I'm going to sign off here, and you'll find us, obviously, at alexjones.network, and realalexjones.com, and alexjones.live, and on X, at realalexjones, and at...
  AJN Live, and then of course all the rest of the crew and host and people have their own great spaces there.
  Rumble Spaces, we'll see you at the Great Rumble.
  It's all happening right now.
  History is unfolding.
  And they wanted me off the air long before the election.
  They tried.
  But because you backed us, we stayed on air through seven years of lawfare, almost $80 million.
  They filed in court.
  They've spent trying to shut us up.
  They admit it was never about money.
  I didn't do any of the things they said I did.
  The judges find me guilty.
  It was all a lie.
  And so we are victorious.
  That's why we're under attack.
  We're truthful.
  We're honorable.
  And our ancestors, I can guarantee you, are proud of us.
  And they're proud of all of you that have supported.
  So to continue on, please support our sponsor, thealexjonesstore.com.
  And of course, my dad's great supplement company, drjonesnagrills.com.
  And that will keep us in the fight.
  I will never surrender.
  I will never back down.
  It is impossible for me to quit.
  Especially in our moment of victory, as we see the deep state totally revealed.
  But they thought shutting me down was going to work.
  Now you got Elon Musk, basically a smarter, even better clone of my worldview, which is the real worldview of how things are actually going down.
  We are the future.
  We are the resistance.
  And you got Joe Rogan totally awake, Tucker Carlson, just everybody else.
  So that meme of where I'm coming out of the tunnel and there's hundreds and hundreds of Alex Jones as the clones, it's here.
  It's happening.
  And so that's what it's all about.
  So now it's up to you, Paul Revere, to take the links, to follow RealAlexJonesOnX, at RealAlexJones, and at AJNLive.
  And it's up to you to make sure that this beachhead we had to take our country and the world back from the hands of the globalist, technocrat, transhumanist, Satanist, pedophiles, will be successful.
  So for myself, the entire InfoWars crew, for my family, we are all one family.
  I love you, and I thank you.
  And our greatest work is ahead.
  And in the final words I will say here of John Paul Jones, the founder of the U.S. Navy, when his ship half the size of the British frigate with more than double the troops and Marines on board was sinking, the British captain hailed across on the old-fashioned bullhorn.
  It wasn't electric, but threw a bullhorn.
  Would you like to give up?
  Would you like quarter?
  And John Paul Jones said, I have not yet begun to fight.
  And that's in the Old English.
  I've only begun to fight in the common, popular, modern vernacular.
  Of English.
  And of course, as his ship sunk, he tied it to the British.
  They took the ship, saved both ships, and that's where you get, I've only begun to fight, and that's exactly what's happening.
  So my sinking ship is here, tied to the new ship, and a whole armada of ships is coming.
  It's the American people and the people of the world.
  Global realignment against the New World Order.
  Klaus Schwab, Bill Gates, they're in deep trouble.
  And so that which does not kill us only makes us stronger.
  So God bless you all, and the journey has just begun.
  Thank you.
  For years I've been telling you guys never to take no for an answer, right?
  You know, to keep pushing, to never hang up the phone until you get what you want.
  Because you all deserve it.
  You know this f***ing deal that I'm about to sign?
  The f*** is that, you know?
  I'll tell you what it is.
  It's me taking no for an answer, you know?
  It's them selling me, not the other way around.
  It's me being a hypocrite is what it is.
  So...
  I'm not f***ing leaving!
  The show goes on!
  I am cutting this important announcement right in the middle of the November 5th, 2024 election.
  We'll be running this for a week or so.
  And it looks like a big Trump win, but they are in full steam ahead with election fraud at levels over foreseen.
  Regardless of whether we're able to defeat this fraud or not, the awakening...
  And the massive amount of support for Trump and traditional liberals and others waking up and joining us and realizing the Democratic Party ally with the neocons is cancer has been incredible.
  And it's part of the larger global realignment happening all over the planet.
  But we can't control everything individually.
  We can just work towards a better outcome.
  And it's a process and we're starting to get traction.
  And I've got faith.
  But regardless, with all the garbage and all the viruses out there and all the drug resistance and Antibiotic resistant bacteria and crap that's out there, especially in the winter when our immune systems are down, it is so important to boost our body's defenses naturally that God gave us.
  Now, if you go to our great sponsor, DrJonesNaturals.com, there's a lot of great products.
  And they're key to keeping us on the air if InfoWars is shut down next week, or if we're not shut down, continuing on here.
  We try to bring you through our sponsor's amazing products.
  Now, we've got two new products at DrJonesNaturals.com that are staples.
  They're known and amazing.
  And these are high-quality versions of it, the best organic sources and at very, very low prices.
  Two new products, introductory price, limited time, 40% off.
  And everybody needs quercetin, and everybody needs high-quality CoQ10.
  And both of these are high-quality, large doses at a very low price.
  Most competing brands, say, of CoQ10 of this quality and this dose, on average are about $60 a bottle.
  This is way, way lower than that, and it funds the Infowar.
  And then, of course, Quercetin Max, really strong, high-powered Quercetin.
  Let me tell you, in case you don't know, what these do.
  CoQ10, massive energy production, cellular power, cleaning out the cells, antioxidant properties, heart health.
  This is all on record.
  This is admitted.
  Improved exercise performance, cognitive health, diabetes management, skin health, immune support.
  You just ask chat GPT this and it'll tell you.
  Let's look at quercetin, antioxidant properties, immune system support, anti-inflammatory effects, allergy relief, heart health, antiviral and antibacterial properties.
  That's the big one.
  Supports respiratory health, blood sugar regulation, improves exercise performance, brain health, cognitive, all of it.
  So these are amazing known staples that are so good for your body, your immune system, but not just so you have a better chance of not getting ill.
  It's the overall general quality of life you're going to have.
  So I take both of these now at drjonesnaturals.com.
  They're available for 40% off limited time.
  And if InfoWars shuts down next week, We're not going to have InfoWare Store anymore.
  We're going to have our sponsors like drjonesnaturals.com and the alexjonesstore.com for the equipment, the satellite uplinks, the crew, the servers, the reporters, the writers, just all of it.
  And the legal as we keep battling the globalists as they try to shut us down.
  So we're going to continue our amazing work.
  We cannot do it without your support.
  This is a no-brainer.
  You need to get this wherever you get it.
  If you got this stuff at Whole Foods, you know, they've got other great versions there.
  Everybody knows about Coruscant and CoQ10.
  These are established.
  These are known.
  These are the game changers.
  Get it from us.
  Get high quality.
  Get a low price.
  Keep us on air.
  That's the win-win.
  So please visit drjonesnaturals.com today and get these two great quality products.
  And there's so many other great ones there as well.
  Thanks for your support.
  Now go to drjonesnaturals.com and I thank you for your support.