--- WENDIGO NARRATIVE COMPILATION [Mode: RETENTION_AGGRESSIVE | Style: AGGRESSIVE] ---

[HOOK] (Source: How He Beat Everyone To Tesla's Next Roadster  - Episode 42 Konstantin Othmer.repaired)
Arcs: human, threat, truth, future
> or an electric car and like he's like you know here are the trade-offs and we're really considering this. I want to get everybody's input, you know, and stupid me. I'm glad I didn't say anything, but I'm think of course you go hybrid. I mean, no range anxiety. Just put gas in. It solves every question, right? I didn't say anything. Thankfully, I'm being quite stupid revealing my ignorance now. Um, but anyway, it was this discussion and there was no real conclusion. And then, as I remembered, I should find this email. Elon sends an email and says, "Hey, I don't know if it's the right thing or not, but we're going to be the best electric car company. I don't want to be a frog. You know, it's not good on land. It's not good on sea on sea. they're going to be the best electric car company there is. And there was another argument which is very interesting which is a battery

[COLLISION] (Source: How He Beat Everyone To Tesla's Next Roadster  - Episode 42 Konstantin Othmer.repaired)
Arcs: human, threat, truth, future
> or an electric car and like he's like you know here are the trade-offs and we're really considering this. I want to get everybody's input, you know, and stupid me. I'm glad I didn't say anything, but I'm think of course you go hybrid. I mean, no range anxiety. Just put gas in. It solves every question, right? I didn't say anything. Thankfully, I'm being quite stupid revealing my ignorance now. Um, but anyway, it was this discussion and there was no real conclusion. And then, as I remembered, I should find this email. Elon sends an email and says, "Hey, I don't know if it's the right thing or not, but we're going to be the best electric car company. I don't want to be a frog. You know, it's not good on land. It's not good on sea on sea. they're going to be the best electric car company there is. And there was another argument which is very interesting which is a battery

[RESOLUTION] (Source: Why Test Pilots Are Being Replaced by Drones - EP 4 Elliot Seguin.repaired)
Arcs: threat, truth, future
> in that job and a lot more technical sales. Um the uh if we're being honest uh right now I've been spending a lot of time uh moving airplanes for people. Uh I spent a lot of time as a tester you're sort of orbiting over the same airport all the time. You know you're working something in the cockpit so where you are geographically doesn't matter. So why add any risk? So you stay over the so I had some time um I had a profitable summer and so I I taken some time to just move airplanes for people. So like for the last 3 four months I've just been flying around the country moving weird stuff. &gt;&gt; Who wants airplanes moved? Well, it turns out there's a lot of people that need airplanes moved and um the reality is it's not really great paying work. Um so it ends it typically goes to sort of lower level guys. Um and so if you


[DIAGNOSTICS]
{
  "mode": "retention_aggressive",
  "hook_length_chars": 881,
  "total_script_chars": 2597,
  "clarity_score": 0.85,
  "early_conflict_score": 0.9
}
