They need a total medical tyranny in place, and a total censorship grid, so that once their world government is in place, they can, with electromagnetic waves, with radiation, with chemicals and biologicals,
  Accelerate the extermination of humanity.
  And once they get a stampede going, once they get a mass collapse going, once they know with probability and have the smart grid in place to track your execution...
  They will then release bioweapons and other systems knowing that you will just simply shelter in place waiting for the driverless trash truck to arrive with the robots that will offload, go in and put your bodies in bags, take you out, throw you in the back and take you for processing.
  So this whole system is a human extermination grid.
  This is really their plan.
  And so, of course, when they said we'll be locked down for two weeks, it was permanent.
  Of course, when they push all this, it's total lies.
  Of course, they are counting on you believing you're complying because you're told you're a hero, when really all you're doing is collapsing the global economy.
  The third world is totally dependent on us?
  We are dependent on the third world.
  You cut the two, the global structure falls.
  A war, a world war could not bring us to our knees like this is going to do unless nuclear weapons were used.
  But nuclear weapons will kill the planet for the establishment.
  So they're not using nuclear weapons.
  They're using economic warfare and psychological warfare to carry all of this out.
  From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones.
  Something happened yesterday that really captured the world's attention.
  The mayor of Chicago, Ms.
  Lightfoot, came out and said that she was hiring police and bureaucrats that pledge allegiance to the New World Order.
  Now when it went super viral with millions of views on YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook, they put fact checks on it saying, there is no new world order, it doesn't exist, this is out of context.
  But everybody could see it in the context, and so now they've removed the video.
  Total lifetime censorship.
  So what I did is, I went and pulled some of the famous quotes and videos.
  A world leader saying you will not be allowed to live in the future unless you pledge allegiance to the New World Order and Lucifer.
  And the United Nations Chapel in New York is dedicated to Lucifer and is paid for by the Lucius Trust of Madame Blavatsky, Hitler's main advisor.
  That's just one story today of hundreds of incredible reports.
  But that's coming up at the bottom of the hour.
  I'm going to read you some of the famous quotes about, you will not go into the new age unless you pledge allegiance to the New World Order and pledge yourself to Lucifer.
  And this is world leaders saying this.
  Francois Mitterrand and others.
  He was the French president.
  Who built, commissioned the pink pyramid at the Louvre with 666 pieces of glass.
  And all the bill numbers for contact tracing and implantable microchips just so happen to be 666.
  Because they gotta leave their gang card there.
  Because metaphysically, they have to tell you what they're doing.
  So just like that click, we're inside the New World Order, ladies and gentlemen.
  And they're saying, hey, the lockdown's never gonna end.
  It's gonna be cycled on and cycled off.
  You're gonna have to carry a cell phone by law, and it'll have an app on it that tracks what you do.
  It's already being tested in blue cities and in blue countries, globalist countries around the world.
  And then we've got the big, giant enchilada.
  As the show was ending yesterday, I had Robert Barnes on with me.
  He was talking about, yeah, Trump says he'll use the military for vaccines.
  I hadn't seen that he just said that right before Barnes came on.
  I got off the air and went and watched the video, my mouth hanging open, shot a report on it that said banned on video.
  Then I really had time to cogitate on it.
  And I don't agree with it, obviously, on the surface, but there is something else behind it.
  And as soon as I came in this morning, I was reading the news.
  Indeed, what I thought Trump is up to, he's up to.
  It's a very dangerous game.
  I have been let in on the game, and I'm not playing the game.
  With me, it's all full frontal assault.
  I just do not engage in subterfuge.
  Except when I do it subconsciously, then I do it really well.
  It's not good, and I pray that God deliver me from those activities, but I don't like to lose, I'll be honest with you.
  But sometimes I do really nasty things, like little devil takes over for a minute and I'm like, what did I just do?
  And later I see the effects of it.
  It always works up front, but evil boomerangs back.
  And, well, if Trump's serious about this,
  How do you get off the Trump train but not be on the New World Order train?
  Well, see, I wouldn't be leaving Trump.
  He'd be leaving me.
  I'm not getting off the Americana, populism, Christian, freedom, self-defense, capitalist train.
  If Trump gets off the train, that's his problem.
  We just keep going.
  There's the answer right there.
  It's all coming up today.
  Remember, the way we break the will in the back of the censors that are making their big move right now is when you share the articles, when you share the videos, and you share the links.
  Infowars.com.
  Next decade's news.
  Next millennium's news.
  A pro-human future today.
  We'll be right back on the other side.
  Newswars.com. 171.
  171 days, the most historic election in world history.
  It's May 15th on this Friday Global Edition.
  I am your host Alex Jones.
  Strap yourselves in because this is going to be one hell of a transmission.
  Okay, let's go ahead and lay out what we're facing and what we're dealing with.
  Here's the live show feed article today that I hope you'll share.
  And this isn't hyperbole.
  In fact, words cannot describe how bad this is.
  This is reality.
  This is 100% real.
  It's official, COVID-19 is a United Nations world government fascist takeover of humanity.
  Once world government is in place, the orderly extermination of humanity will be carried out by the AI genocide grid.
  They need a total medical tyranny in place, and a total censorship grid, so that once their world government is in place, they can, with electromagnetic waves, with radiation, with chemicals and biologicals,
  Accelerate the extermination of humanity.
  And once they get a stampede going, once they get a mass collapse going, once they know with probability and have the smart grid in place to track your execution,
  They will then release bioweapons and other systems knowing that you will just simply shelter in place waiting for the driverless trash truck to arrive with the robots that will offload, go in and put your bodies in bags, take you out, throw you in the back and take you for processing.
  So this whole system is a human extermination grid.
  Now, I want to explain something to you.
  You've seen everything we've talked about come true to this point.
  And most people don't research what I say.
  They just think, oh, Jones said this.
  No.
  The Club of Rome, the CFR, the United Nations, the UN Biological Diversity Assessments, UN, Agenda 2020, Agenda 2030, they state that they want to get the human population down to 500 million to, quote, live in harmony with the earth.
  Now that's what they tell people that are in the outer court.
  When you get into the deeper cult, they say, no, all humans must be gotten rid of.
  Humans are inherently bad, and we're going to merge with silicon and become gods.
  Now, I'd tell you that 26 years ago, and it sounded crazy, because these people are crazy.
  Now you're like, yeah, I saw that on CNN or ABC News, or I read a book about the world without humans, and they teach school kids that we're bad.
  And NBC News says there'll soon be no humans left by 2050, because we're going to merge the machines, and then they will get rid of the humans.
  This is really their plan.
  And so, of course when they said we'll be locked down for two weeks, it was permanent.
  Of course, when they push all this, it's total lies.
  Of course, they are counting
  On you believing you're complying because you're told you're a hero when really all you're doing is collapsing the global economy.
  The third world is totally dependent on us.
  We are dependent on the third world.
  You cut the two, the global structure falls.
  A war, a world war could not bring us to our knees like this is going to do unless nuclear weapons were used.
  But nuclear weapons will
  Kill the planet for the establishment so they're not using nuclear weapons.
  They're using economic warfare and psychological warfare to carry all of this out.
  So let me just read you some of the headlines that are coming up today.
  U.S.
  News & World Report.
  Trump mobilizing U.S.
  military to deliver coronavirus vaccine.
  Government could enforce who you're allowed to socialize with via tracking app.
  Facebook AP claims Chicago Mayor pledging support to New World Order is fake news.
  First they put a fact check on it, now they've totally removed it.
  By the way, they admit the video's real.
  They just say, she's talking about another New World Order.
  Haha, yeah.
  China has jailed hundreds of people for questioning official coronavirus narrative.
  That's coming here next.
  NYPD assaults mom in front of child for not wearing a mask properly.
  South Carolina restaurant using blow-up dolls to enforce social distancing.
  Fresno County Sheriff won't enforce stay-at-home orders.
  Too busy rearresting freed criminals.
  Bizarre EU-funded comic book predicted pandemic with globalists as the saviors and that was financed by the EU.
  Of course it was.
  VA bans Boy Scouts from placing flags on veterans graves for Memorial Day.
  All part of the virtue signaling.
  Owen Schroer kicked out of San Antonio Hall for standing up to mayor.
  Ocean City, New Jersey has new rules.
  Surfing, but not swimming.
  Walking, but not sunbathing.
  All about being a suspect.
  Huge food collapse operations taking place.
  All by design.
  The U.S.
  is in an economic death spiral.
  That's all coming up.
  And then some of the good news here.
  Top health officials vanish from national TV interviews as White House refocuses messaging.
  Yes, as Trump discovers their globalist operatives for Bill and Melinda Gates and the Chai Comps.
  Trump death clock showing U.S.
  coronavirus toll in real time is beamed onto massive Times Square billboard saying Trump is responsible for the deaths.
  They've made it partisan.
  73% of Democrats wearing masks to fight coronavirus.
  59% of Republicans are.
  Ooh!
  U.N.
  demands moratorium on deportations worldwide due to coronavirus.
  Yes, open your borders more.
  Hundreds of thousands fly to the U.S.
  and the U.K.
  every week.
  And they're not quarantined or controlled, but you are, because you're being taught how to be a slave.
  And the big news, DNC Communications Director
  Convention must happen because we are not officially nominating Joe Biden.
  That was always the plan to shoehorn in Hillary with Obama as her VP.
  I told you that over and over again for three years now.
  You get next year's news today again.
  Meanwhile, this headline is what we're going to cover first, because it ties into Trump saying he's mobilizing the military for your inoculation.
  And you better believe that's going to mean forced inoculation.
  I'm not getting off the Trump train.
  He's getting off the populist Americana train, if that's what he really plans.
  I'll break down what's really going on on the other side, but this little tidbit goes with it.
  It's a Politico article.
  The coronavirus pandemic broke America.
  No.
  The UN, the WHO, the corporate media, big tech, the Democrats, the blue cities, blue states demanding the panic, demanding the world breakdown.
  The panic caused the breaking of America.
  You broke America with economic warfare.
  And you're going to get the blame.
  You're not going to be the saviors.
  And all these yuppies are going to find out now they're going to lose their jobs or have them cut back to a third of what they were paid.
  And as the horror of the Depression dawns, right around the election, they think you're so stupid that you're going to blame Trump's policies when the whole thing was launched by the New World Order.
  We'll talk about Trump's pivot, at least with rhetoric, about the military and the vaccine by the election.
  That's all coming up.
  Separately, we sell high-quality, storable food.
  And I told you 13 weeks ago, and I really started pushing it hard, get it for the economic collapse, not for COVID-19.
  Now, they've got food deliveries, getting people quicker now because they've got the food, they've got to package it.
  And if you get your orders in, you will get it very, very quickly.
  They're getting ahead of schedule, but the orders are increasing.
  So there may come a time where they have to pause taking future orders while they get out the orders they have.
  Other storable food out there is crap, it's old, or they don't have it.
  They take your money and then try to rope-a-dope you over the phone to keep it.
  We don't lie to you and say, oh, it's going to ship to you in 14 days.
  It's six weeks right now when you order, on average.
  Most people actually get it a little bit earlier.
  But they have the food.
  They now have six factories in the United States.
  It's the biggest, best company.
  It's high quality.
  It lasts 25 years.
  It's in big plastic sealed containers with plastic
  Containers inside, and it's what I've done for my family, and your purchase funds the Infowar.
  If I was you, I would go to InfowarStore.com right now, and I would order a six-month, a year supply, because that's a checkbox you need to have checked off.
  It could be in the attic, it could be in the garage, it could be in the closet, and it could be waiting.
  And if things turn around, and there isn't a total Road Warrior-level collapse, like you already see in the third world, then it's insurance you can eat.
  Or you can give it to the homeless or whatever.
  But it's high quality food.
  Use it when you're camping or supplementing them with your regular meals.
  That stuff's good.
  But understand this, ladies and gentlemen.
  You need to get your purchases in now while you still can.
  Because the supply chains are already breaking down.
  I'm going to talk about that more coming up in the final segment of this hour.
  It's bad.
  Warehouses everywhere are basically shutting or can't operate because of COVID.
  Panic.
  Not because of COVID.
  The panic.
  One person gets sick, whole warehouse shut down.
  All right, next segment, I'm gonna show you from the Congressional and United Nations public record that they make members of the New World Order pledge allegiance to the New World Order and to the world government for which it stands.
  One controlling central committee dominating the entire planet and every human on it.
  That is coming up.
  Remember William Benny, former Technical Director of the National Security Agency that said Trump was being spied on four years ago?
  I had a very interesting talk with him off record yesterday.
  I'll leave it at that.
  But here is the London Guardian from a few years ago.
  The ultimate goal of the NSA is total population control.
  Hard to believe that was six years ago he spoke to the European Union and the British Parliament and told them that.
  And now you have the rollout to track and trace and watch everything you do with even citizen brigades being set up by the UN directive.
  And we have the UN telling everyone what our doctors can do.
  It's not even the FDA, it's the UN.
  Doctors were always allowed to give things off-label for prescriptions, but when the UN said, you can't prescribe hydroxychloroquine, or you can't do this or that, they said, yes sir.
  The UN came out and said, mouthwash doesn't kill viruses.
  Of course it does.
  Now the FBI's rating people doing that.
  They told Listerine, you don't dare say you kill viruses, because the UN is God.
  And when they say jump, you say how high.
  It was like a punch in the stomach yesterday.
  When, after the show, I learned that President Trump had said this.
  Here it is.
  Yeah, I think we're going to have a vaccine by the end of the year.
  We're doing very well with the vaccine.
  And I will tell you something.
  I just literally left a meeting.
  We're mobilizing our military and other forces, but we're mobilizing our military on the basis that we do have a vaccine.
  You know, it's a massive job to give this vaccine.
  Our military is now being mobilized.
  So at the end of the year, we're going to be able to give it to a lot of people very, very rapidly.
  Now,
  I've got a lot of problems with that, and if that's actually what Trump wants to do, then I will be forced to move that Trump be thrown off the populist train politically.
  Because I'm not getting off the Trump train, because this train isn't a Trump train, it's a populist pro-human train.
  Now that said, I know what Trump's doing.
  Trump finally figured out that Fauci's Deep State Bill and Melinda Gates' U.N.
  He finally figured out they're undermining everything, exaggerating the death numbers, adding all these people that died of other things onto the list.
  That's all confirmed.
  They even tell you they're doing that in the fine print, because it's such fraud.
  But by telling you, you see, it's not fraud.
  They're hiding it in plain view.
  And so Trump, just like when they had the Vegas event and they had the Texas Walmart shooting,
  He came and he said, okay, fine.
  Maybe we should ban the semi-autos.
  Democrats, what do you want?
  They said, we want to ban everything.
  And then they got nothing.
  And I talked to two different NRA board members who separately said, look, we've met with the president when there's another mass shooting.
  This is before Walmart in El Paso.
  They said, he's got a tactic where he says, okay, I agree with you.
  Because then, he's such a lightning rod, it makes the left not be energized on that topic, and it makes them drop the topic.
  But if Trump says, no, you're not getting the guns, then it becomes a lightning rod and helps them.
  So psychological warfare tactic.
  He's being advised by some smart people.
  Except that's a dangerous game, because he's endorsing gun control, even though he's killing the measure.
  And so he knows.
  That the blue states, the blue cities are going to come out with their own vaccines, have people sign forms that they waive their rights to sue and take them.
  He knows the UN is the power vacuum saying they're going to have the vaccine.
  So he's stepping up saying, you know what, I'm for the vaccine now and we'll have the military do it, not the Clinton Global Initiative with a board of George Soros, Hillary Clinton, Chelsea Clinton, Bill and Melinda Gates that is already recruiting
  Through the moveon.org, the contact tracers to get city, county, and federal money to literally come to your house.
  And they're using it to mobilize their malice forces under the guise of them being heroes enforcing social distancing.
  So I know why Trump did this.
  He did this because he sidelined Fauci and sidelined all these people.
  I told you that three weeks ago.
  Now it's confirmed.
  And then he's just usurping their whole game by going, okay, the military will carry this out.
  And then six months is a hundred years.
  People forget about it.
  So Trump is engaged in their own tactics at a more sophisticated level.
  That is what he's doing.
  And you notice also what he did, because I thought about this like three hours last night and more than three hours this morning.
  I mean, I really sat there in a room with the blinds pulled and just focusing on this and not trying to convince myself Trump's good.
  Because if I figured out Trump was bad, I'll come after him so fast, make your head spin.
  And I still think it's a very dangerous tactic, and I don't agree with it.
  But Trump
  Then went on and said, oh, we're going to give it to old people first.
  Knowing that with the adjuvant, it doesn't hurt old people as bad as it hurts young people.
  He's like, we're going to test it on the old people.
  And I say, damn right.
  They want to take it?
  Do it.
  And so that's what Trump's doing.
  He's learned that if he doesn't resist something before it's available, that it kills it.
  And it's a very Machiavelli move and I don't like it.
  But I can see what he's doing.
  And by the way, I'm not twisting this into the position of agreeing with the president.
  The president wanted me to know what he was doing with the gun control.
  And he said, watch, you're going to see what happens.
  By us going, oh, sure, take all the guns.
  That only woke America up more to get Democrats to say we want everything banned.
  Except bolt action.
  Single shot.
  And notice, where's their gun control now?
  Dead.
  Because he didn't fight them, he went, oh yeah, sure.
  Don't have the votes, though.
  It's still very, very dangerous.
  And that's what Trump's doing on this.
  Because Trump came out and said vaccines could be dangerous a month ago.
  Fauci said, oh, well there's going to be side effects, because they know there are.
  They can't hide that anymore.
  Well, the UN back in December said, we can't hide this anymore.
  Too many people are hurt.
  Doctors don't trust us.
  They know they're hurt.
  So instead of lying about it, they're going to go, okay, it does hurt people, but it's for the greater good.
  We've got to do it.
  Cause that's what they tell health department heads and bioethics boards, the boards of hospitals and clinics know this stuff.
  The heads of health departments.
  I ran into the head policy person for the Texas board of health, Texas health department, like five years ago on the hike and bike trail.
  I looked the guy's name up later and
  He's like, Alex, I know vaccines kill and hurt some people, but overall it saves more lives.
  I started arguing with him about the numbers, and then he kind of got freaked out because I knew the numbers.
  No, folks, it's social control.
  And they're lowering IQs, they're lowering immunity.
  These things are killing us, and they're tainted with cancer, viruses, you name it.
  It's a nightmare.
  We're living less, not longer, folks.
  These people are killing us!
  So...
  You're walking on the fighting side of me with these forced inoculations to get on airplanes or have a job, and we're going to have to go to physical revolution if they try this.
  So whoever puts their name on it is an enemy of America and an enemy of the Republic.
  I pledge allegiance to Jesus Christ.
  All right, I'm going to cover something that is the most paramount issue in the universe.
  As Bob Dylan says, you've got to serve somebody.
  You gotta serve something.
  I pledge allegiance to Jesus Christ.
  And I live in America, and I know the fight this country's been through and its special destiny, so I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
  Now, the oath to the New World Order is secret, but the oath to the UN is public.
  But I have been asked to give the oath when they offered me a sellout plan, and it was directly to Lucifer.
  Now, Mark Dice thought I was crazy when I told him that 20 years ago until it happened to him when he was about to get a top TV show deal.
  And I knew who was involved.
  I mean, I knew the company.
  It happened.
  They said, Mark, this isn't something because you're a Christian.
  We're not just doing this to run you off.
  We want to do this show with you, but we need you to pledge allegiance to Lucifer.
  He runs things.
  So I didn't get up to what the oath is, but I can assure you there is an oath to Lucifer.
  Now, the reason I'm covering this is it's in the news today.
  So let's cover it right now.
  This is from a global nation.
  Director of Planetary Initiative United Nations.
  No one will enter the New World Order unless he or she will make a pledge to worship Lucifer.
  No one will enter the New Age unless he will take a Luciferian initiation.
  This is a book put out by the UN.
  Here's some more quotes.
  Arthur Schlesinger.
  We are not going to achieve a new world order without paying for it in blood as well as words and money.
  And they go on here to talk about pledging yourself to the new world order.
  They talk about using an alien threat, a biological weapons threat, or an economic collapse threat to make us all pledge allegiance to our world government.
  Now by the way, when I first was reading this stuff when I was a teenager, I remember asking my dad, I said, is this all true?
  And he said, yeah, why don't you go to a law library or a big university library and why don't you see it for yourself?
  So by the time I hit about 18, I would go down, this is important stuff, and I'd go to the UT library and I actually pulled these books out.
  Years later, I went down there and shot footage of this and put it in my films.
  And I pulled these books, and I pulled the UN documents.
  These aren't just quotes off the internet.
  They said this stuff.
  In Congress, they said you've got to pledge allegiance to the New World Order.
  But hey, you don't need to hear that from me.
  You've seen Lightfoot, the mayor of the once great city of Chicago,
  Up there saying she can go out in public, but you can't.
  If she catches you, you're going to jail.
  They let the murderers, the rapists, the child molesters out.
  And she put a video out herself saying that she had an executive order to take over to get the police, everybody under her control in the New World Order to then pledge allegiance to the New World Order.
  Well, Facebook, Twitter, Google said, oh, a fact check.
  She didn't mean that.
  People saw the video and it backfired, so they've removed the video.
  That's why it's now a banned on video.
  But again, she's not just saying this.
  You pledge allegiance to it.
  Don't you know if you were a Chinese spy, you pledge allegiance to that?
  Don't you know that if you're in a devil cult, you pledge allegiance?
  If you're an MS-13, you pledge allegiance.
  You swear an oath when you join the U.S.
  military.
  All organizations have oaths.
  No borders, no wall, no USA at all.
  These are globalists trying to bankrupt the country.
  Trying to keep it locked down.
  They admit that's their plan.
  Bill Maher's gone on TV and said, I want a depression to punish Trump supporters.
  That's what this is.
  COVID-19 is a souped up cold virus.
  And they count everybody that dies as dying of COVID-19.
  That's all confirmed.
  So the response is a hoax.
  But the collapse is real.
  So I'm going to play you a clip of her and then I'm going to play you a five minute compilation that we finished up in like 2013.
  This is on our computers.
  This is just up until that point of people saying the New World Order is world government and that you must accept it.
  Francois Mitterrand pledged that the New World Order was a ritual to Lucifer.
  You can pull that up.
  I've got the quotes right here.
  And I had Nightline here once, interviewing me.
  They go, there's no new world order.
  I showed him a bunch of clips, the clips you're about to see.
  And the host of Nightline looked at me and he goes, Alex, that's a different world government than you're talking about.
  It's called gaslighting.
  Now here's the deal.
  If this was a new world order bringing capitalist society and empowerment and pro-human future, and it was better in America, I'd say, hey, I'm no longer an American.
  I sign up with these dudes.
  This thing is horrible, end of civilization, pedophile satanism!
  I will fight to the death against these people!
  Because it's spiritual death to go along with them, but... Here she is, with pleasure!
  Because like Brian Stelter, or Hillary Clinton, or any of these people, or Oliver Darcy, they want power.
  Because they're weak.
  They have signed on with the world government system.
  And the Pope is saying Christianity, you know, needs to open up to Islam, and that the families, you know, all this.
  Everything's under attack now.
  The enemy has uncloaked.
  It's taken over all the major institutions.
  It's censoring everything.
  And I'm freaked out that InfoWars is one of the last ragtag groups that didn't sell out.
  Because I already sold out to Christ.
  And that does not mean those whore churches that are the biggest dens of devils you will find.
  Almost all churches are now demonic command bases, fire bases.
  The enemy is taking everything over, except your heart and your soul and your connection to God.
  You open up, you can defeat the enemy anytime by letting God do it for you.
  Commit yourself into Christ's hands.
  This is a satanic enemy we're fighting.
  So here is this true servant of Satan being protected from our own words because you're not supposed to know about the Luciferian initiation.
  Here it is.
  I would.
  I'm thinking about an executive order from day one that says, you know, in more legalese than this, this is not a thing.
  We will not no longer honor this because the way that automatic prerogative works is there's got to be compliance with the executive branch because otherwise it doesn't work.
  So you got to eliminate that compliance and you make it a mandate and then you do training
  Particularly in the city, I'll call them licensing departments, whether it's zoning, buildings, housing will be impacted by it, planning certainly.
  And you pick the people that run those agencies and the deputies that are pledging allusions to the new world order and good governance.
  And then I think you have the Inspector General do some spot audits to make sure that there is real compliance.
  They never call it government, they call it governance.
  And she's saying Agenda 2020, Agenda 2030, that's it.
  At the low level, it's the grassroots control of zoning, your life, making it impossible to live, making it impossible to have a small business.
  That's what all this is about.
  And now they're like, hey, you're not essential.
  Your small businesses ain't ever opening up.
  It's a power move.
  And she's right up there telling you the whole nine yards.
  When we come back, we're going to show you U.S.
  Presidents, British Prime Ministers, German Chancellors pledging themselves to the New World Order.
  Remember, this is not allowed to be seen anywhere.
  This is all being removed everywhere.
  Only Band-Aid video, only radio and TV stations that are still up and fighting a desperate defense of the Republic.
  Only you, as Paul Revere, can save us.
  All right, so the mayor of Chicago puts out a video about how she took control of the bureaucracy and how she has executive power to rule everyone, arrest whoever she wants, and how they're using zoning to totally dominate everybody.
  That's agenda 2020, agenda 2030 under the UN.
  And how it's the new world order, which is the byword, not even the code word,
  For their world takeover.
  The first time New World Order was used was by H.G.
  Wells and British Intelligence.
  About 120 years ago.
  And then Hitler picked it up.
  And Hitler had a plan to kill H.G.
  Wells because he had a competing New World Order.
  And Hitler stole his New World Order plan.
  It's all insane.
  So that's why so much of the left's plan looks like Hitler.
  Because it was competing plans.
  By the way, this is all mainline history.
  It's just it's not taught on, say, Discovery Channel or History Channel.
  So, and the Communists being put in charge of Russia was just because Russia kept getting in the way of the British Empire and its New World Order.
  And they wrote about that too.
  It's crazy when you read Bertrand Russell and all these guys being completely honest about how it works, and then Zbigniew Brzezinski and Carol Quigley later.
  And that's what's so frustrating is, folks, I'm telling you the battle plan.
  None of this is my opinion.
  Again, I don't have a crystal ball.
  This is a real group.
  John Harmon heard the head of the Kissinger Group on the phone when he was screening the calls, had him on as a guest, trying to get me to sell out.
  That's the only time, well it's happened twice, where they didn't say this is off record, this is a private meeting, you agree in confidence not to release it.
  You've seen the famous footage at the RNC 2004 when I run into David Gergen in New York.
  That's what I'm talking about.
  Bohemian Grove.
  He blows up and he goes, you've made an understanding because they'll kill you over that.
  And then it's weird rules.
  I'm not scared of them, but I don't make an agreement to have a secret meeting with somebody and then release the details of who they are.
  I will release what they said.
  He said, you have an understanding.
  And I went, no, I'm the guy that snuck in.
  He goes, oh my gosh, you're that guy.
  And then he really blows up and gets in my face.
  So.
  The point I'm getting at here is this is very, very real, folks.
  And this lady sold out.
  And she's on a power trip.
  She's an idiot.
  But here are world leaders, not just the mayor, talking about the world government, not rule of nations, ruled by the UN, the WHO, now in charge of our lives!
  Just like that!
  You see?
  It's all real.
  Here it is.
  We have before us the opportunity to forge for ourselves and for future generations a new world order.
  A world where the rule of law
  Not the law of the jungle governs the conduct of nations.
  When we are successful, and we will be, we have a real chance at this new world order.
  An order in which a credible United Nations can use its peacekeeping role to fulfill the promise and vision of the UN's founders.
  It is a big idea.
  A new world order.
  A world in which there is the very real prospect of a New World Order.
  After 1989, President Bush said, and it's a phrase that I often use myself, that we needed a New World Order.
  There is a chance for the President of the United States to use this disaster to carry out what his father, a phrase his father used I think only once, and hasn't been used since, and that is a New World Order.
  So that the problem of the Bush presidency
  ...will be the emergence of a new international order.
  Within the next four years, we will see the emergence of a new international order.
  The beginning.
  The beginning of a new international order.
  The pieces are in flux.
  Soon they will settle again.
  Before they do...
  Let us reorder this world around us.
  I think his task will be to develop an overall strategy for America in this period when really a new world order can be created.
  It's a great opportunity.
  It isn't just a crisis.
  It's about the future of Europe and a new world order.
  There's a need for a new world order.
  But it has different characteristics in different parts.
  But today, with Asia already outproducing Europe, India and China are clearly becoming part of our new order.
  We are now facing a common challenge.
  And the challenge is how to build a world order for the first time in history.
  So, in conclusion, ladies and gentlemen, a new world is emerging.
  It is a new world order with significantly different and radically new challenges.
  The affirmative task we have now is to actually create a new world order.
  Good evening everybody, President Obama and British Prime Minister Gordon today calling for a new world order to tackle our global economic crisis.
  And the President outlined his vision of a new world order in which the US would participate fully.
  We've got to give them a stake in creating the kind of world order that I think all of us would like to see.
  So I see a world order in the future with a multipolar world order.
  I think a New World Order is emerging, and with it the foundations of a new and progressive era of international cooperation.
  But in a globalized economy, we are going to have to take global responsibilities.
  And there is going to have to be some semblance of global governance.
  Never before has a New World Order had to be assembled from so many different perceptions, or on so global a scale.
  Nor has any previous order had to combine the attributes of the historic balance of power system with global democratic opinion and the exploding technology of the contemporary period.
  And I strongly believe India will be a central actor in the new world order.
  There also exists an extraordinary opportunity to form for the first time in history a truly global society.
  2009 is also the first year
  ...of global governance with the establishment of the G20 in the middle of the financial crisis.
  The climate conference in Copenhagen is another step towards the global management of our planet.
  New World Order is the headline in the Globe and Mail in Canada.
  Is this global governance at last?
  Is it one world, the central bankers in charge?
  But aren't we all just living and dying for what the central banks do?
  Of course we are.
  We are absolutely slaves to central banks.
  Whether it's zoning, buildings, housing will be impacted by it, planning certainly.
  And you pick the people that run those agencies and the deputies that are pledging allusions to the new world order and good governance.
  And then I think you have the Inspector General do some spot audits to make sure that with the executive branch.
  The new world order and executive power.
  The word dictator means dictate.
  That means executive.
  Now let me show you a really sick article from two days ago by George Soros.
  Alex Jones claims frontline coronavirus health workers are killing patients for eugenics.
  Well what I said is the bioethics board set it up.
  To say don't give them treatment and they're putting people that have COVID-19 in nursing homes knowing it'll kill a bunch of people to boost the numbers.
  Hell, that's a big national scandal!
  U.N.
  officials suggest lockdown should continue.
  Isn't that just special?
  Yes, they never need to end.
  But then you've got the Michigan governor right here.
  Dim governors keep sending COVID patients to nursing homes.
  Even though all the experts say don't do it.
  But they got to get those death numbers up.
  They got to create that fear.
  That's why almost all the deaths are old people because they're dying of other things.
  They need them infected so they can say, oh, they tested positive because it's coming out.
  They're saying everybody test positive when they're not.
  This is a giant fraud, a giant hoax.
  Oh, but they told you're a hero.
  So you've got to go along with it while the whole economy completely breaks down and causes mass death.
  I'm going to go to break.
  I've not even scratched the surface of how loaded for bear we are today.
  I'll tell you about the other big topics when we come back, but this is an attempt to bring down the economy worldwide.
  Trump is up there with Fauci wearing a mask, all part of the ridiculous hysteria.
  This is all part of Monkey See, Monkey Do.
  It's all coming up.
  Don't forget, only today, Saturday and Sunday left, the biggest sales yet of the year.
  We won't have sales this big, except like maybe one day on Black Friday, until the Christmas sales.
  Ultimate Krill Oil, so good for you with that vitamin D3.
  It's the highest source you're going to find.
  50% off.
  Survival Soil X2, back in stock, 50% off.
  Alexa Pure Breezes, $100 off retail.
  Incredible deal.
  Structural Vitality, back in stock, 35% off.
  Emrix Essentials Hand Sanitizer with essential oils, 3% off.
  All right, folks.
  Want to open the phones up in this hour.
  Laura Loomer's popping in as well.
  I want to take your phone calls.
  I'll get the number out next segment, but Trump just is ongoing speaking, put it up on screen, with Fauci wearing his little bandit mask.
  Destroying your freedom, destroying your future, bringing you the deadly vaccine.
  There he is up there sideline now, muzzled.
  That's a good start.
  Operation Lightspeed.
  They admit, oh man, fast vaccines are really bad.
  So now they're telling you this is going to hurt you really bad.
  So you sign the form and they're heroes.
  Well, this person's paralyzed.
  This person's dead.
  Yeah, it's way worse than COVID-19, but it's all right.
  We're heroes and we all went through it together.
  Oh, then you learn 10 years later, your kid can't have children.
  Thought there's too many people anyways.
  Let's go ahead and go to this report.
  Here it is.
  Bill Gates says the only way to liberate the world from their self-quarantine is to be vaccinated.
  The most urgent invention in the world right now is a vaccine that prevents you from getting COVID-19.
  It's going to have to go to 7 billion people.
  That's how we're going to end this pandemic.
  President Trump has chosen a former executive of vaccine giant GlaxoSmithKline to run Operation Warp Speed, an operation to fast-track a vaccine for COVID-19.
  Trump has announced that he is mobilizing the U.S.
  military to deliver a coronavirus vaccine when it's ready.
  I think we're going to have a vaccine by the end of the year.
  We're doing very well with the vaccine.
  And I will tell you something.
  I just literally left a meeting.
  We're mobilizing our military and other forces.
  You know what?
  Stop the support.
  Because I went to it 20 seconds late.
  We'll just come back next segment and play it.
  Let me just do this.
  I'd like to open the phones up, the phones up, for medical workers specifically.
  Because every time we open the phones up without even saying medical workers, doctors, nurses, EMTs, police officers call in and say, yeah, everybody says it's a hoax.
  The hospital's empty.
  Any old person dies of, you know, heart disease, whatever we say, it's COVID-19.
  That's all confirmed!
  But I want to hear from you.
  If you disagree with me, we don't screen your call, other than where you're calling from and, you know, basically what you want to talk about.
  Screening calls is where they don't let you on if they disagree with you.
  I want to hear from you.
  Tell me everything's okay.
  Tell me I need this warp speed vaccine, because it sounds like warp speed to death.
  We're going to come back in with air raid sirens.
  That is customary for this crisis.
  And we'll play this special report.
  And then we're going to get to Trump, who's ongoing with Fauci up there in his bandit mask right now.
  So medical workers,
  Or maybe you're a janitor at a hospital and it's empty.
  You've got intel on it.
  We want to hear from you specifically.
  877-789-2539.
  And wait a few minutes until you call, because I've got to turn the phone system on and get ready to take your calls.
  But 877-789-2539.
  877-789-Alex.
  877-789-2539.
  And we'll get you up and on the air.
  But my frustration is even up here trying to convince people that this is a fraud.
  This is a total fraud.
  It's a total takeover.
  I go on the hike and bike trail most mornings before I lift weights to walk three or four miles.
  And, you know, the grown men especially, you'll be on some 15 foot wide path.
  They like get in the bushes and go, oh, I just go, it's a it's a hoax.
  But the depression is going to be real.
  You little hero.
  But, you know, we've been too domesticated too long.
  We're gonna get hurt really bad now, but here's the problem.
  Used to, we'd get attacked, we'd wake up and fight back.
  This is all creeping, it's all done, we're being a victim's cool and being weak's cool, so everybody's just kind of eased down.
  You know how people slit their wrists in hot water, right?
  Because it doesn't hurt.
  You just slit your wrist to get in hot water and pretend you're not dying before you know it, you're dead.
  And so that's just nice, hot water, you're all heroes, just slit your wrist.
  Oh, just be heroes.
  Oh, there you go.
  Oh, let's put your kids in there with you.
  Oh, liberal.
  Because the globalists need the earth for themselves.
  And they've got all the monuments planned, everything for after you're all dead.
  So we have victory celebration when you're all dead.
  Bill Gates says the only way to liberate the world from their self-quarantine is to be vaccinated.
  The most urgent invention in the world right now is a vaccine that prevents you from getting COVID-19.
  It's going to have to go to 7 billion people.
  That's how we're going to end this pandemic.
  President Trump has chosen a former executive of vaccine giant GlaxoSmithKline to run Operation Warp Speed, an operation to fast-track a vaccine for COVID-19.
  Trump has announced that he is mobilizing the U.S.
  military to deliver a coronavirus vaccine when it's ready.
  I think we're going to have a vaccine by the end of the year.
  We're doing very well with the vaccine.
  And I will tell you something.
  I just literally left a meeting.
  We're mobilizing our military and other forces, but we're mobilizing our military on the basis that we do have a vaccine.
  You know, it's a massive job to give this vaccine.
  Our military is now being mobilized.
  So at the end of the year, we're going to be able to give it to a lot of people very, very rapidly.
  According to the Department of Defense, they will have enough vaccines for everyone in America.
  HR 6666 is setting up a national contact tracer army.
  We need a national core of healthy people who are properly trained to go out and do this contact tracing.
  911, what's your emergency?
  Hi, yeah.
  I got a couple of handshakers right in front of me.
  Okay, sir.
  Are they still in the vicinity?
  Yeah, I'm staring at them right now.
  Seriously?
  I noticed that some netizens in the U.S.
  have even attacked you, saying that the virus came from you.
  Bill Gates is given a platform in Communist China to defend himself.
  I'd say it's ironic if you take somebody who's doing their best to get the world ready and, you know, putting, in my case, billions of dollars into these tools for infectious diseases.
  We're in a crazy situation, so there's going to be crazy rumors.
  Former intelligence officer Jack Posobiec defends Bill Gates and encourages his Twitter followers to focus on China.
  And Senator Lindsey Graham repeats this sentiment as well, going so far as to say he would hire Bill Gates to run the WHO and double their funding.
  I'm in charge of the appropriations over the WHO, at least a part of it.
  And what I want is to see a change of leadership because I think they conspired with China to downplay the nature of the virus.
  The WHO has great scientists, but it's lost confidence.
  I've lost confidence in the leadership.
  So a guy like Bill Gates, if Bill Gates was in charge of the WHO, I would double the funding because I think we need a WHO, but he's not.
  The vaccine they are planning to give everyone on Earth is an experimental mRNA vaccine that will alter our DNA forever.
  And if this experimental vaccine actually works, it will be the first ever in history to do so.
  Welcome to the New World Order.
  And you pick the people to run those agencies and the deputies that are pledging allusions to the new world order and good governance.
  For InfoWars.com, this is Greg Reese.
  InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's news today.
  We're taking calls from frontline
  Health responders, doctors, nurses, EMTs, because we just open the phones up regularly and all these callers call in who are doctors and nurses saying it's a total hoax, total fraud, you're totally empty.
  Somebody comes in that has the sniffles and dies of a heart attack and says it's COVID-19, no test.
  That's all confirmed!
  877-789-2539.
  877-789-ALEX.
  And we're taking your phone calls on this incredibly important subject.
  But let's go to Trump.
  Who's been doing a press conference the last 30 minutes.
  It's still ongoing right now with Fauci looking like Billy the Kid Bandit meets a executioner back there with him.
  And there's Trump saying we're getting this vaccine sped up because he wants hope.
  He wants the economy to turn back on.
  He understands there'll be a global depression.
  Hundreds of millions will die.
  So Trump's like, hell, by the time the vaccine's out, it'll be another subject.
  I don't want Fauci and the U.N.
  running it.
  I don't want the Clintons running it.
  So Trump's like, oh, we'll have the military do it.
  I know what Trump's doing.
  But still, it's a very, very dangerous game.
  Here's the president.
  And they're working to narrow that list still further.
  So we started off with over 100.
  We're down to 14.
  And we have some really interesting choices to be made.
  Doing very well.
  Through Operation Warp Speed, the federal government is providing unprecedented support and resources to safely expedite the trials.
  Moving on at record, record, record speed.
  Yeah, our Bill of Rights and Constitution and due process is all dying at warp speed.
  And medical tyranny is coming down on us right now at warp speed.
  So, this is the New World Order at warp speed.
  That's what all this is.
  And look at Fauci.
  He looks... If they made a new Star Wars and McDermott, the guy that plays the Emperor, dies, we have the new Emperor.
  I mean, he looks... And remember,
  It's the UN, it's the Globalist, it's Fauci, it's the Bill Monae Gates that are running Wuhan and funding it on record.
  And then, oh, the totally compromised Senator Graham, though.
  Oh, he likes Bill Gates.
  Oh, I love him, too.
  Oh, here's the president.
  Vaccine trials operation warp speed will be simultaneously accelerating its manufacturing and manufacturing process.
  In other words, we're getting ready
  So that when we get the good word that we have the vaccine, we have the formula, we have what we need, we're ready to go, as opposed to taking years to gear up.
  We're gearing up.
  It's risky.
  It's expensive.
  But we'll be saving massive amounts of time.
  We'll be saving years.
  You know, if we... Big Pharma's a criminal group.
  We all know that.
  We're gearing up on the assumption that we'll have... They're just taking over!
  In the near future, relatively near future, a vaccine.
  Typically, pharmaceutical companies wait
  To manufacture a vaccine until it is... You know, that little demon Fauci has not said one thing about vitamin D3, about vitamin C, about zinc.
  When all the studies are there that if people just had a jumbo dose of that, you're basically impregnable.
  They're trying to make it illegal because they want your ass dead.
  This is the clampdown, folks.
  I cannot believe how pathetic this is.
  Let's go back to this piece of filth.
  I'm talking about Fauci.
  Before they're approved.
  So we're knowing exactly what we're doing before they're approved.
  So Trump's talking about ludicrous speed.
  Directly out of space balls now, folks.
  I mean, and again, I get what Trump's doing.
  He's taking control from them.
  He know Bill and Melinda Gates and the Clinton initiatives running this.
  So by him doing this, he thinks that, you know, it's good for poll numbers and people won't remember this next week.
  No, this is dangerous.
  Continue.
  A national emergency lets them have human trials before animal trials, which they skipped, and allows them to declare an emergency and indemnify it.
  So Trump is taking a hook, line, and sinker, just like 15 years ago Governor Rick Perry did.
  Yeah, we've got litigants before you, next segment.
  Where he said, oh Gardasil's mandated under an emergency, so it skipped trials and killed a bunch of people.
  Let's just come back with this.
  We'll just come back with more of this nightmare.
  And then despite Trump going, oh, vaccines, new world order, I was watching it in live time, I got a cup of coffee during the last break.
  They like pull their mask down and go, ah, you suck, ah!
  The next person does that.
  I mean, this is just pathetic, man.
  Hey, don't worry though, they've announced Joe Biden's gonna step down at the National Convention and Hillary will run again with Obama as her VP.
  We'll probably get him too.
  You know, America has some good people left in it, but there are a lot of evil people, man.
  Oh, you dumbasses that serve the system.
  You're so stupid that when you lose everything, you still won't even get how you got screwed.
  Just look at that Fauci, though.
  That is a little predator, man.
  That guy is an enemy of humanity if there ever... Look at that snake-eyed demon.
  Burn in hell, Fauci, you fraud.
  You little piece of garbage.
  Burn, boy, burn.
  Listen to these incredible callers, every one of which I totally respect.
  But to get to everybody, we've only got to give each person about two minutes.
  Jeremy in Texas, family member as a sheriff, intel about mandatory testing.
  Wood in Japan, active U.S.
  military, medical quarantine changes.
  Heather, Florida, works at dental office manager.
  No one knows anyone.
  Brian in PA, analyst at health insurance company.
  COVID-19, that'll be key.
  Austin and Kansas.
  Brothers, nurse and hospital.
  Work with COVID patients.
  Rich in Texas.
  Medical courier.
  COVID-19 hospitals are completely empty.
  Tom and Tejas.
  Police officer.
  Wife is nurse.
  Intel on hospitals.
  Carlos in Texas.
  Medical nurse.
  Hospitals empty.
  Hoax hysteria.
  Scotty.
  Girlfriend works at major hospital university.
  Jamal, Canada.
  Law enforcement.
  COVID-19 info.
  And again, folks, I know the globalist hate Trump and I know he's done a lot of amazing things and I know he had two different board members of the NRA call me and say, listen, just don't say the board members are, but the strategy is we're going to tell the Democrats, okay, yeah, what do you want?
  And they're going to call for gun confiscation and that's going to destroy their plan.
  So when the president says, okay, I'm for gun control,
  He's not for it.
  He's just, he's getting them to out themselves.
  Well, I went on air and told that story and listeners got pissed at me, but you notice no gun control.
  It worked.
  He's doing that again.
  He's taking control of Fauci and them, going out there with their propaganda, knowing people won't remember in a month.
  I still think it's super dangerous.
  Look, I know what Trump's doing.
  It's still a very dangerous game.
  Regardless, I don't just get up here and say something's a hoax.
  They admit, because they don't want to go to jail for fraud, Fauci and all of them, that they're counting all the deaths as COVID.
  And you look at the graph of normal deaths, that's what the graph is.
  This is huge, folks.
  It doesn't mean if you're old and you're debilitated, you don't have enough vitamin D3 or zinc that you could die from this.
  Absolutely.
  You can die from a cold.
  But this is a power grab, where now as the testing goes up, more people are finding they have it.
  And meatpacking plants, if two people get it, they're shutting down the plant!
  Warehouses that deliver our goods!
  If they get one person in a warehouse of 50 people, they're closing the warehouses.
  That's why I've got stacks of news about beef rotting, pork rotting, poultry, fish.
  There's no one there!
  I'm on the phone with people.
  I paid for product three months ago.
  It's a month late getting here.
  I'm like, where's my supplements?
  They're like, our warehouse is shut down.
  One guy had it.
  I go, did they die?
  No, they're fine.
  But everyone's on quarantine 14 days.
  China's not on lockdown.
  Why do you think all this stuff works, folks?
  It's all being shut down.
  It's an attack.
  It's an economic attack.
  So out of one side of his mouth, Trump's like, turn it all back on.
  You know, it's BS.
  Other side, don't worry, I got a vaccine.
  It's coming.
  The army will deliver it because he knows the Clintons and the UN are planning to be the savior.
  So Trump's heading them off.
  I know what Trump's doing.
  I disagree with it.
  This is not leveling with people about what the globalists are doing.
  Level about the scam, Trump.
  Tell folks, gut it up and stop acting like this.
  Don't say, oh, I've got the vaccine so that you're in control of the screw job.
  All right, I'm gonna go to your calls.
  Who should we go to first?
  Who's been holding the longest?
  Let's go ahead and talk to Carlos in Texas, medical nurse.
  Go ahead and tell us what's happening.
  Hello, Mr. Jones.
  How are you doing?
  I'm completely freaked out, so I'm not doing well.
  Same here, same here.
  Yeah, well, you know, I'm a nurse.
  I work for one of the biggest hospitals in Dallas.
  And yeah, this COVID-19 stuff is just a big lie, you know.
  In my hospital, they have emptied two floors because we have no patients.
  They have also cut my hours.
  I'm working three days a week instead of four.
  And it's just bad, you know.
  It's just people are scared.
  People are waiting for the second wave.
  Oh, here it comes, but you'll be ready.
  And meanwhile, you know, nobody knows anything about
  Thank you.
  Wearing gloves when they go to the supermarket, and they're wearing the same gloves, touching everything, touching themselves, all this cross-contamination going on, and they think... Explain that to them!
  Studies show, unless you change gloves during every procedure, they're worse than skin.
  They make it worse, don't they?
  Yeah, yeah.
  In about 10 hours, I usually use 100, 100 pairs of gloves.
  You have to change it every single time you do something.
  You cannot just wear the same glove and do everything.
  It doesn't have a protective shield.
  It doesn't have anything like that, you know?
  You gotta change it constantly.
  And just people going to the supermarket and wearing gloves, you know, they're just... Well, yeah, they think it's keeping it from going through their skin.
  They don't get it's to keep them from spreading it.
  So every time you leave the operatory or the surgery area, you've got to change them.
  They don't even know this.
  They just think like, oh, I'm wearing... People wear leather gloves.
  And they're like, oh, I'm wearing leather.
  What the hell are you doing?
  Yeah, yeah, I understand.
  You know, it doesn't make any sense.
  But hey, I just wanted to say that.
  I just tell people out there just not to freak out.
  Everything is fine.
  You know, I'm not exactly Carlos.
  God bless you.
  You know, they've got media matters out saying that I said all nurses are frauds and killing people.
  I didn't say that.
  I said Democrats putting COVID patients in nursing homes is a death sentence and is killing people and that the and that the nursing homes are where the real death is and that most of the real corruptions going on at hospitals that are getting the money.
  To say that people have COVID that don't.
  And that's the reality.
  That's what's coming out.
  Thank you, Carlos.
  Okay, let's talk to Tom in Texas.
  Police officer, wife's a nurse.
  What's your view on this?
  Hello?
  Welcome.
  Thank you.
  Go ahead.
  Yes, sir.
  Good to talk to you.
  I've been trying to get on the show and report my news for a few weeks now.
  I'm an officer here in North Texas, and my wife is a charge nurse at a major hospital.
  And since...
  About eight weeks, they sent her whole entire unit home.
  She works in the ICU unit primarily.
  They have her answering phone.
  That's all she's done.
  They shut down her floor.
  Nobody's there.
  I've been pulling security at hospitals.
  The places are empty.
  With my wife working from home, I see her computer.
  I see the documents.
  99% of people have no COVID signs and the ones that do, they always say with COVID, not of COVID.
  Whatever Trump, and I, you know, I have my issues with Trump, but whatever him and Fauci are out there putting out, they're not telling the truth.
  The people on the street, the callers that are calling in right now, we all see what's going on and they're not reporting facts.
  Don't hang up, Tom.
  I'm going to come back to you because I want you to have a chance to repeat all this and get more into this.
  It's not just what you're saying, and I believe you.
  We have the numbers.
  We know.
  They admit that this is all going on.
  But you said something so key, I just got chills.
  The ICUs are empty.
  And so what happens is, and I've talked to medical doctors that are scared to come on.
  One of them is very close to me in Texas.
  I'll leave it at that.
  All these people are dying from not getting medical care.
  And then when they come in later, they're saying COVID-19 when they die at home.
  So the hospitals are not giving care to all these people.
  And then when they die, they call them COVID when they come in.
  Oh, man, this is evil.
  Stay there, Tom.
  We'll come back to have you recap all that.
  This is a reality, folks.
  These are live phones.
  We're not screening these calls.
  If somebody calls in and says their hospital's full, have them on.
  They don't call because it's not going on.
  All right, let's go to Tom, police officer.
  His wife's a nurse.
  And again, these numbers are all public.
  I remember three months ago, people would go out to these
  Hospitals, they'd be totally empty.
  And then we noticed, like, for three days, there'd be no one going in.
  The citizens went out there and staked it out.
  They care.
  They're like, they hear on the news, whether it's Texas or New York or Florida or California, that it's totally full.
  They go down, nobody's there.
  And then all of a sudden there'd be like 20 people in hazmat suits and a bunch of cars and film crews directing them.
  And anybody can see somebody directing somebody.
  Well, Project Veritas got the footage with the insiders going, yeah, nobody's here, so the hospital ordered us to stage this with CBS.
  And then NBC gets caught editing out where the attorney general says, yeah, I care about the rule of law.
  I believe in the American people.
  And then Chuck Todd goes, yeah, he said nothing about the rule of law.
  Here's his tape.
  These people lie.
  So, Tom, go back to what you were saying.
  Recap it.
  And what is it like for you to discover this or other police officers waking up?
  What are the nurses that know your wife, what are they saying?
  Well, the quick recap of the story is I'm a PD officer here in North Texas.
  My wife's a charge nurse for a major hospital.
  And she, like I said, charge nurse runs her unit.
  They sent her unit home.
  Basically, everybody got scared.
  So, half of them quit.
  The ones that stayed, they sent home and they shut down the floor that they were working on.
  Literally turned the lights off and locked the doors.
  We saw this.
  I've been pulling security because our PD is providing that and I'm doing, you know, donating my time and everything else.
  I've seen the camera footage of this myself, as well as the medical reports coming in because she is home.
  Basically, they call her to how much, you know, medicine do we give this person if you come into the yard.
  That's basically what she's done for the last six to eight weeks.
  The numbers they're throwing out for COVID patients just in Texas alone are bold.
  Their lives, they are so inflated.
  Even the testing.
  No two testing reports are anywhere near the same.
  There are no similarities.
  I can't reveal.
  I wish I could post and reveal what I know, but if I did, I would get so many people in trouble.
  And it would violate HIPAA.
  Right.
  But here's the problem.
  Now, big tech is just violating HIPAA.
  They've been given all the HIPAA files are doing it outside of law.
  So we all follow law, which is good.
  They don't.
  That's like I said, it's my wife got sick about five and a half weeks ago.
  Flu-like symptoms.
  I freaked out because we have three little kids.
  You know, I didn't know at the time if this was real or if it was not.
  So, you know, of course we got scared.
  But she was, we did the vitamin C, D, and zinc because we had, there was a doctor at the hospital.
  He's done Doctors Without Borders and everything else.
  He pulled me to the side and said, look, just treat her this way.
  Don't, don't bring her into this hospital.
  Don't even come here.
  Within two days of those three things, everything was fine, like she was brand new.
  Isn't that great though?
  There's still doctors that do their job.
  Right.
  Well, that's what I'm saying.
  This guy, he's been to Africa, you know.
  These people want to talk about helping the poor Africans.
  This guy's actually been there.
  He pulled me to the side and told me this intel.
  And the things I've seen, the things I know,
  We're good to go.
  You better pray up, people.
  You better be prepared.
  Because I'm telling you, do not take anything from Gates.
  Don't take his shots.
  Don't take his poisons.
  Because if you take that mark of your soul, we'll go to hell.
  Look at that man.
  Well, that's the scary part, is they're up front saying, this may really hurt you.
  I mean, they're not even lying about it hurting you now.
  They're saying, you want to leave your house or have a job, you take this.
  And by the way, it may hurt you.
  Sign this form waiving your rights.
  Boy, you know to grab both buttcheeks when they're doing that.
  Now it's time to fall on your knees and pray to God.
  Ask Him to forgive you of what you've done and to save your soul.
  And I'm not talking just showing up... No, it's true.
  We've been evil and that's why this is happening.
  Yes.
  We have killed millions of innocents in this nation and God is punishing us for this.
  Damn right.
  This is what is doing it.
  That's exactly what it is.
  God bless you, brother.
  Go ahead.
  Sorry.
  I was talking over you.
  Go ahead.
  What were you saying?
  Sorry, he's gone.
  He said something about InfoWars.
  And by the way, everything that guy's saying is all admitted.
  I mean, that's what's so crazy about this is that they're counting every death for anybody that's ever had a cold virus.
  That shows up in your body as COVID-19.
  It's a cold virus.
  And they're using it for total control.
  And by the way, there was a really bad pneumonia virus the last six months.
  I haven't had a fever in five years.
  I got one.
  A lot of folks I know were really sick.
  It was back in November, December, January.
  And we said, hey, looks like it was already here.
  We had Steve Pichetting.
  High-level State Department CIA.
  He said, look, it's been here for six months.
  That was four months ago.
  Turns out that's all true.
  So they already knew this was here.
  They already know.
  Most of us have heard immunity.
  Most of us already have it.
  But see, when they test you for it now, it creates a panic and it shuts down your businesses, which kills the economy.
  And that's what they're doing.
  So it's a real virus, folks.
  But if you've got vitamin D, vitamin C and zinc at about three to five times the level, you're impregnable.
  But, zinc at that level is toxic to your kidneys.
  So, it's a give and take situation.
  I mean, the truth is, and I'm not a medical doctor and I'm not giving advice, me personally, but what I've read, you take 10 times the normal level of zinc, it'll make your hair fall out, but you're not getting COVID-19 or any other cold virus.
  I mean, it's like, the dog doesn't hunt, but long-term, it'll eat your kidneys.
  So, let's go ahead and take another call here.
  Let's go ahead and talk to Brian in Pennsylvania, analyst at Health Insurance Company.
  Insurance companies in South Africa said that 29 times the death from the lockdown versus the virus.
  Brian, what do you know?
  Hey Alex, good to talk to you.
  Thanks for taking my call.
  I just wanted to hit a couple different points, but the main point is that it seems that, at least at the very high level, this whole response
  At least from the insurance companies, uh, you know, longevity and continuation of the business had been war-gamed out.
  And I have a couple of reasons why I think that was probably the case.
  Oh, it's all scripted.
  It's all choreographed worldwide.
  But from your own perspective, tell us.
  Yeah.
  So beginning last year, um, around the holidays.
  So this was before even the news broke about what was happening in Wuhan.
  There was a big push for everyone basically at the ground level to make sure that they start booking their time off early next year, which I thought was strange.
  They had basically created a new branch of artificial intelligence, automated learning, with its own chains of management and reporting.
  You know, even more recently,
  And this is continuing.
  There was basically a war game to establish a plan of action should a lot of the Medicare and Medicaid government services provider groups become insolvent.
  And what a crazy thing to plan for, right?
  And that was being planned for the second half of last year.
  Ryan, this is incredible.
  So you're saying you were seeing war games for industry collapse.
  You've never seen that before.
  Exactly.
  They were wargaming for losing large amounts of provider groups in the small to medium-sized range to become insolvent.
  So they were wargaming for a vertical integration?
  Essentially, yes.
  But they called it streamlining for efficiency.
  And part of that, if you could believe that, they're predicting now that they're going to actually issue loans, interest-free loans,
  Yeah, I think so.
  This is new normal.
  All the middle, upper management is parroting that.
  Stay there.
  We're going to come back to you, Brian.
  An artificially instituted global bankruptcy, vertical integration.
  Brian, Pennsylvania will finish up.
  These are the incredible callers we've got.
  I'm so blessed to have amazing listeners like you.
  We are back live.
  I'm your host, Alex Jones.
  We have Laura Loomer running for Congress and ahead in major polls in Florida, popping in for two segments.
  But I'm going to continue on to the fourth hour with phone calls.
  We're taking your phone calls right now.
  So Brian in PA, these are incredible callers, is talking about what's happening at the insurance level actuaries, which is the real intelligence on what's happening in the economy.
  Not the polls, not the whatever.
  It's insurance actuaries are the most accurate intel on the planet because they have to know actually what's going on, not PR.
  So, recap what you were saying, Brian, and how they were getting you ready last Christmas, last winter, for what's now happening.
  Yes, Alex.
  As early as, you know, halfway through the year last year, more towards the holiday season,
  There were basically war game quote-unquote efforts to establish kind of baseline figures as to what would happen should large amounts of small to medium-sized provider groups becoming insolvent.
  And it was marketed as a streamlining strategy, right, because all these large corporations, their mantra is efficiency and streamlining and so on and so forth.
  And there weren't trends for small providers going out of business before that, were there?
  So this is like clearly knowing this big crisis is coming.
  Right.
  So with a lot of these provider groups, you know, heavily relying on Medicare, Medicaid services, things like that, there's always a turn, right?
  Where the old and the sick unfortunately will pass away, but new members basically will be aged in.
  So it's like, it's not like it just comes to a halt.
  So seeing things like that are very strange.
  And I just kind of wanted to dovetail that into something I just found, which is a documentary called Caring Corrupted, which actually was an award-winning documentary.
  It's on YouTube with like three and a half million views.
  I know, you know, you guys kind of touch on a lot of these things, but watching how, I mean, I'm shook up after watching, seeing how this.
  Yeah, no, they're actually wearing it in to kill the old people.
  Tell us about it.
  Yeah, so the Nazis could basically leverage the healthcare workers back during World War II to institute, you know, the agenda and the end goals of the state.
  Well, let's be clear, the training wheels for the Nazis in 33, 34, 35, 6, 7 was the medical corps.
  And then that was the group that carried out the final solution because the German officers would follow orders if a doctor like Joseph Mengele told them, well, this is medical.
  Exactly.
  And I'm, I mean, I'm shook up after having watched it.
  I knew, you know, tidbits about kind of what went on and what the structure looked like, but to see how an overwhelming majority of these health care people just kind of cheerleaded it because it was, you know, they're being on the winning team and so on.
  And I'm frightened for, you know, when the next shoe drops, what that might look like.
  Well, let's try to politically fix it.
  But if things get so dark and so bad, we'll do what we have to do, brother.
  And the medical tyranny is in the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany was a medical tyranny.
  It doesn't mean medical people are bad.
  They're hard-working.
  But we trust the medical community.
  And so that's why evil tends to try to hide under that rubric.
  Thank you so much, Brian.
  All right.
  That was a powerful call, wasn't it?
  You know,
  I don't take pleasure being here on air talking about these negative things, but I do take pleasure in sabotaging their operations.
  So I'm going to go to family members of Sheriff Intel about mandatory testing, Jeremy, Woody, Active U.S.
  Military Medical Quarantine Info from Japan.
  I'm going to go to Woody here next and everybody else that's holding, but I'll throw this in or he won't be here on air because it takes money to fund this operation.
  We are running a special right now that has to end Monday or so, because they haven't come up with a new special yet.
  And we have this big, giant special going right now that is 30 to 70% off all the products at InfoWarsTore.com.
  And that means DNA Force Plus, that means Body's Ultimate Turmeric Formula, that means Living Defense, that means Ultimate Krill Oil, that means
  Ultra 12, it's the very best B12 you're going to find out of the tongue.
  X3, X2, Supermel Vitality, Vazobeads.
  It's all there.
  30 to 70% off.
  The best deal we've got is 8-pack PowerStack.
  That is sold at cost.
  And it's an amazing AM, PM, 13 different vitamins and minerals and different supplements.
  A bunch of them are proprietary.
  That's how we fund our operations.
  So, infowarstore.com.
  Or AAA253-3139.
  But whatever you do, realize that getting a t-shirt or a book or a film and committing to fund us keeps us in the game.
  Because it's epic how insane this battle is.
  It's absolutely epic.
  To
  I literally want to stay on target while you fund us.
  I'm like a gun, a big howitzer going boom, boom, boom.
  I'm blasting the enemy.
  We're having spectacular victories.
  Every victory is so huge.
  I'm like, oh, just please energize me.
  And a lazy part of me is like, oh, they'll smash me soon.
  I'll be out of this soon.
  But then I'm like, no, no, you're going to stay in the fight.
  Again, there is nowhere in the universe that you can fund an operation that's more hardcore having victory against the globalist as in full or short.com.
  So this special has got to end early next week because we're running out of all the products.
  I want to thank you all for your support.
  All right, let's get another caller here.
  Let's go to Woody.
  Woody.
  I kind of like it with the TV screens keep going out with a glitch.
  I kind of like this.
  In fact, leave the rest of the show.
  The rest of the show, I don't want any backgrounds.
  I love this black look.
  Hey, how you doing, Alex?
  Well, I'm calling over Wi-Fi, so I hope I don't sound like crap.
  So I want to cue you in on something interesting.
  So USFJ, US Armed Forces of Japan, pushed out an order, you know, pretty much for the whole thing, right, that we're going through.
  And talking about if you have members that come in and go into quarantine, or if they're coming back from the States, they're in restricted movement, two weeks, quarantine, things like that.
  If you break that, you can be charged under the USFJ.
  Being a senior Marine that I am,
  Kind of savvy in the legal realm.
  I'm like, all right.
  I didn't really think too much of it until I look at the article, which is Article 84 specifically.
  And I was like, that's strange because I had to go back to my old hard copy in the 2016 edition, and it was a different article.
  So to give you context, the current UCMJ in the 2019 edition,
  It was the revisions were signed by an executive order 13825 by Trump in March of 2018 that went into the federal registry in December of 2018 to be the new 2019 UCMJ.
  That article was changed from affecting unlawful enlistment and appointment or separation, which had always been to breach and medical quarantine.
  So that was affected almost.
  More than two years ago.
  Exactly.
  Just like the last caller said, the insurance companies, it was pre-set up.
  And they even have bizarre EU funded comic book predicted pandemic with the EU as the savior with the Chai Comps.
  So again, exactly.
  Everybody can see this.
  It's all pre-programmed, what you're saying.
  Yeah, pretty much.
  And I know y'all got your resources.
  I know, like, Robert Barnes, he can probably look into this.
  And the few guys, you know, in my community that I talked to about it, you know, only a few kind of like gave me that eyebrow raise.
  I'm like, are you for real?
  I'm like, yeah, man, we need to, you know, we've got to keep our ears down on this.
  So, yeah, I just appreciate, just want to let you know, you know, for us out here, you know, we're, I'm a native Houstonian, Texan as well, just slapping in the wind two hours from Shanghai.
  So,
  Just so you know, I mean, I know you've had your comments about the Marine Corps, but we're not all lost.
  We're not all cuckolds, man.
  There's definitely a lot of us out here.
  Oh brother, I'm not bashing the Marine Corps.
  No, I mean, I'm sorry if you thought I said that.
  That is the funny thing you said in the past, but yeah, long time listener, first time caller.
  I mean, here's the difference, brother.
  We're all in this together, and I love you.
  And now all the games are over.
  Toe to toe with the new world order, folks.
  They're coming with four shots.
  They're coming with world government.
  They're coming with drag queen story time.
  They're coming.
  In a way, it's all good.
  At least all the games are over.
  Thank you so much, Woody.
  All right, hour number three, your calls.
  Laura Loomer and so much more.
  Straight ahead.
  Stay with us.
  Well, Jack in Georgia says he's a emergency medical technician.
  Does a motorcycle crash dubbed COVID death.
  That's like shark attack dubbed COVID death.
  So Jack, thanks for calling.
  Tell us, tell us what you witnessed and thanks for holding.
  Hey Alex, can you hear me okay?
  I can, thanks for calling.
  Yeah, great.
  Yeah, I'm down here in Albany, Georgia.
  You might know that this is one of the worst affected areas in the whole nation.
  I'm good to go.
  We had five per week and during COVID, we had about 30 per week.
  So I think that they don't even know how this is killing people.
  I think that they, that, you know, the elites or, you know, whoever, the policymakers are not really telling us how this happens or they don't understand.
  So that's the first thing.
  It's gone back down to about our average now.
  So I think that we're getting over the hump.
  Um, and that's the first part of the medical thing I'd like to share.
  The second part of the medical thing, and then I'll get back to the economic part.
  Um,
  I responded to a motorcycle crash last week and it was a fatality on the scene and they took him into the hospital and then an Italian chief called me the day after and said, you know that motorcycle crash you responded to?
  And I said, yeah.
  And he said that was a COVID death because he tested positive for COVID when he was riding his motorcycle.
  Even though he didn't die from COVID, it was still listed as a COVID death because he tested positive.
  Hold on.
  Let's go back.
  We'll hold you over if need be.
  Laura Loomer's popping in, but we'll go back to calls.
  But start back over here, because they've made the joke shark attacks are being counted as COVID-19.
  A guy dies in a motorcycle accident, and they're calling it COVID-19.
  Go back to what you were told.
  Right, yeah.
  So, uh, yeah, so he died.
  I mean, he would, you know, he obviously died.
  And we do have a lot of COVID deaths.
  Now, don't get me wrong, there are a lot of
  We've had cardiac calls, like I said.
  We have had respiratory calls.
  We have had that kind of thing.
  But, yes, it was a motorcycle death and Battalion Chief told me that.
  And I think part of the reason... Well, sure.
  So, yeah, if there's so many deaths that get this air COVID, why say somebody turned into a, you know, an omelet in a motorcycle wreck?
  Why call that COVID?
  How does that happen?
  Well, I think part of it had to do with the hospital getting funding for how many COVID deaths there are.
  And so if they can say there's more, if the hospital down here, which is corrupt, which I won't say the name of it, but you can look them up, Albany, Georgia, we took them all the way to the Supreme Court.
  Our current mayor actually sued them all the way up to the Supreme Court for having a monopoly.
  So, I mean, it's a hospital system for one, but yeah, it's a COVID death.
  Let me ask you this, other EMTs, police officers, what is the consensus?
  Or is there a consensus while this is going on?
  Well, I can say that we're definitely taking, you know, precautions like we would.
  I mean, if it's a COVID call, we'll wear Tyvek and we will wear all the protective gear.
  And it's, you know, the virus, the virus is definitely real.
  But I think that there is an overstatement for, you know, some of the things that the economic policies.
  For example, I'll say that I'm mostly afraid of the debasement of the dollar because the Fed has increased the monetary supply by one and a half times.
  Oh, exactly.
  The economic collapse.
  If people want something to be afraid of, boy, they better piss their pants over collapse.
  Yeah.
  I've been buying precious metals.
  I actually saw that your friend John McAfee has a new private cryptocurrency called Ghost that is, you know, it's separate from Chinese influence, separate from the Fed.
  I'm looking into that.
  But yeah, I'm trying to keep my money private from the banking elite, because right now I think it's all about ownership of wealth, and that's why I'm buying fresh metals and keeping a little bit of the liquid money.
  Well, Jack, I think you're doing the right thing.
  Everybody just better realize we're not in Kansas anymore.
  God bless you, and I appreciate your call.
  Yeah.
  You know, six years ago I lost my uncle, my great-uncle, and my cousin from some deadly pneumonia at our ranch.
  Three houses, three people dead.
  So I know this stuff's real.
  But the hysteria is synthetic.
  Laura Loomer pops in, and more of your calls straight ahead.
  There are, of course, those who do not want us to speak.
  We think, just let me think.
  I suspect even now orders are being shouts into telephones and men with guns will soon be on their way.
  It's Chancellor Sattler.
  Because while the truncheon may be used in lieu of conversation, words will always retain their power.
  Words are for the means to meaning and for those who will listen.
  The truth is, there is something terribly wrong with this country, isn't there?
  You decided, sir.
  You wanted it foolproof.
  You told me every television in London!
  Cruelty and injustice.
  Intolerance and oppression.
  And where once you had the freedom to object and to think and speak as you saw fit, you now have censors and systems of surveillance coercing your conformity and... Cameras.
  We need cameras.
  How did this happen?
  Who's to blame?
  Well, certainly there are those who are more responsible than others.
  They will be held accountable.
  But again, truth be told, if you're looking for the guilty, you need only look into a mirror.
  I know why you did it.
  I know you were afraid.
  Who wouldn't be?
  War?
  Terror?
  Disease?
  There were a myriad of problems which conspired to corrupt your reason and rob you of your common sense.
  Fear got the best of you, and in your panic you turned to the now High Chancellor, Adam Sutler.
  He promised you order, he promised you peace, and all he demanded in return was your silent, obedient consent.
  There is a war.
  It's happening now.
  It will decide the fate of humanity.
  The time to choose sides has come.
  We are the resistance.
  We are the Infowar.
  Thank God it's the end.
  Because we know who wins.
  Of our elaborate plans.
  No safety.
  I'll never look into your eyes again.
  But it's good to have a race that's been well run, isn't it?
  Can you picture what will be?
  So limitless and free.
  All right, Laura Loomer is with us for a few segments, then we're gonna continue with your calls in the fourth hour.
  Jeremy and Catherine and Kathleen and Heather and Austin and Vanessa and Scotty and Jamal, don't hang up, I'm going to you.
  But, risen like a phoenix from the ashes, Laura Loomer, one of the most banned people on the internet, is running for Congress in Florida and is ahead in polls.
  Which really pisses the enemy off.
  And she's here with us today.
  Laura Loomer for Congress.com where folks can support her and find out what she's doing.
  Laura, great to have you on with us and great to see you stronger than ever under attack.
  Thanks so much for having me, Alex.
  It's good to see you.
  So where do you want to start?
  I got a thousand questions, but I'm sure you've got a thousand answers.
  Well, it's pretty incredible, isn't it?
  Because what happens is when they deplatform you, and you know this because you're the most banned man in the world, and I'm the most banned woman in the world, they do it because they try to kill you off.
  They want to silence you.
  But now I'm running for Congress, and I'm outperforming the Democrat incumbent, and I'm out fundraising her.
  By the way, you're not just saying that.
  Even with their fake polls, you're in the lead.
  They're like crapping themselves right now.
  Oh no, they definitely are.
  And a couple weeks ago, President Trump actually retweeted a profile about me that was published in the New York Post about my campaign.
  And I think now it's becoming very real to people that they're not going to be able to cancel me again.
  And so I've been having a very successful congressional campaign here in Florida's 21st congressional district.
  My opponent is obstructionist Democrat Lois Frankel, who's a four-term Democrat congresswoman.
  And as many people know, I was inspired to run for Congress and filed to run in August of 2019.
  Uh, as a result of tech censorship, because what we're seeing is an absolute silencing of all conservative viewpoints in our country and a rise of communist far left politicians in the halls of Congress.
  And what we're witnessing right now with this pandemic.
  Is just people turning a blind eye to the fact that we are in this global crisis right now.
  Laura, that was my first question for you so I figured you would just bring it up without me even telling you what I wanted to go because we're all simpatico here.
  I like Trump, okay?
  But the putting up with the censorship and the total control now
  Even himself being censored.
  I'm starting to get really sick of Trump.
  I'm going to be honest.
  I love him way better than the Democrats.
  But I mean, like, why doesn't he do something?
  I'm getting really upset here.
  Well, look, it's a legitimate frustration.
  And interestingly enough, this district is actually home to President Trump and Mrs. Trump.
  And so when I win my race- I should have pointed out, you're like right there in Mar-a-Lago.
  Yeah, so when I win, I'll be President Donald Trump's Congresswoman because he's a resident of District 21.
  So again, he's supporting you.
  That's great.
  How about he stops the censorship?
  Yeah, that's the thing.
  We need people in Congress who are actually going to do something about this.
  With the rise of Facebook's new project, American Edge, you see that it's not just Democrats in Congress who are participating.
  Muslim Brotherhood leaders run what Americans can?
  They're not even Americans!
  They've got like Muslim Brotherhood runs the censorship?
  Why don't put the PLO in charge?
  Right, and Pamela Carlin, who of course, who describes herself as a torchbearer for the Democrats, and she was one of the individuals who testified in Congress and then openly attacked Barron Trump.
  So these are radical leftists.
  Yeah, exactly.
  The same lady that attacked Barron Trump is running Facebook censorship.
  Yeah.
  These are open progressives, people who have very strong partisan biases against President Trump and his supporters.
  And unfortunately, you know, nothing's being done about it.
  And so I took it upon myself to run for Congress.
  And when I win, I'm hoping to take the bull by the horns and address this issue of big tech tyranny head on.
  Let's talk about that, because I don't just believe the headlines.
  I went and looked.
  You're leading in every poll.
  What are they going to do?
  They are having a big problem here.
  Well, you know, they can't stop me, Alex.
  And you can't stop
  You can't stop what the American people want.
  And unfortunately, these people have become accustomed to thinking that Twitter is real life.
  They think that nothing matters unless the blue truck overlords say so.
  That fantasy bubble, that dome city of weirdness.
  Yeah, they don't realize that there's people outside of Twitter who have an issue with this as well, have an issue with this tech tyranny.
  And my message is resonating with millions of people.
  You know, I'm running for Congress in Florida, but it's receiving national, actually international headlines.
  Even the Daily Mail reported on my congressional campaign.
  Well, sure.
  I mean, you're great and you're well-spoken, but it is a cause celeb.
  Thank God you're getting international support.
  That's how you're going to beat them.
  Because, I mean, I see what you're doing as really a benchmark, as a litmus test.
  Right, and you see that even as a declared congressional candidate, they won't allow my campaign to have access to any social media.
  So my campaign is banned on all... Oh, total election meddling!
  I mean, again, what is Trump doing?
  Yeah, look, I mean, we need more leadership on this matter for sure.
  And I'm calling on, you know, the Republican Party.
  Yeah, Laura, Trump should be champing you every day.
  He shouldn't just send a couple tweets out.
  And I'm not on Trump's ass, but I mean, I see his stuff suppressed everywhere.
  Like, why do we put up with this?
  Yeah, and just the other day, Jack Dorsey and Twitter announced new terms of service with Twitter that said that they're going to start deleting some of the president's tweets and labeling them as misinformation.
  So they're openly now saying that in a presidential election year, they're going to censor the president.
  Well, that's the headline.
  Twitter announces they are censoring Trump's tweets because incrementally, he put up with it.
  And so who's the bigger enemy, Jack Dorsey or Donald Trump?
  Well, look, Big Tech is definitely the biggest enemy.
  Yeah, no, I get that, Laura.
  But here's the deal.
  If somebody walks up and punches one of my kids in the face and I don't kick their ass, I'm the real problem.
  And I mean, and I'm out here like everybody knows I'm very loyal to Trump, but it's it's wearing very thin right now.
  Very thin.
  It's great that Trump's incredibly confident.
  That's what helped.
  But it doesn't matter if they're censoring him.
  So he has this weird confidence that he can beat them by confidence.
  No, that's not how this works.
  All right, Laura Loomer is here with us.
  Vanessa and all the other red collars, we're getting you coming up next segment.
  So Laura Loomer, running for Congress in Trump's district there at Mar-a-Lago.
  Look at all the crazy things happening in the world.
  What do you make of Trump coming out saying, we'll have the military give me the inoculation next year?
  That scares the hell out of me.
  Yeah, well, it makes me nervous as well.
  And, you know, I'm not I'm not too happy to see that there's discussion about, you know, militarizing vaccinations.
  And I think that a lot of this plays hand in hand with the tech censorship, right?
  Because a lot of Americans, a lot of Trump supporters and his base feel the same way.
  But they're being banned online for simply expressing this.
  I mean, just the other day, I received a tip from
  It's a reign of terror and oppression, and Trump has failed to stand up for the First
  It's not just the president.
  I think that it's people on both sides of the aisle and they realize how influential these tech companies really are now because everybody's using them for the sake of spreading their message and fundraising in an election.
  Well, yeah, it's like a telephone company that if you don't kiss its ass, it doesn't let you use the phone.
  Like, oh, it's a private company so it can monitor me in live time and control what I say.
  We've just given them this authoritarian rule.
  And so a lot of elected officials are nervous to call out Big Tech for the censorship and the tyranny that is taking place because if Big Tech gets pissed off, well, what's to say they're not going to ban you from doing ads?
  What's to say that they're not going to shut down your page in the middle of an election year?
  And they do do this.
  They're very vindictive.
  You know, when I filed to run for Congress, it was the number one trend on Twitter.
  And so what did Twitter do?
  Well, they decided to change their rules the very next day and they made it so that
  You had to win your primary to get a verified checkmark or even an account as a candidate running for Congress on Twitter.
  That's where I'm going, is that everyone groveling to them encourages them to be more suppressive instead of calling their bluff.
  Yeah, and I wrote a really good article about this the other day, encouraging people to quit their big tech addiction before it quits you.
  And that's what's happening, is every time somebody gets banned, you see conservatives come and they say, oh my god, it's so outrageous, it's so crazy.
  You know, the censorship is getting so bad, but then they just beg to get put back on, and they're not utilizing sites like Parler, where I am, or Gap, you know, another free speech alternative.
  Well, exactly.
  Incrementally, they get us to bow down, and then pretty soon we'll do anything.
  It's like we're just slaves.
  Well, people are.
  They are becoming slaves to big tech.
  And we see that they're taking advantage of this crisis when over, you know, 3 billion people around the world are in quarantine.
  And what do you do when you're being mandated to social distance with threats of arrest if you leave your home and you go outside?
  You can't consume information unless you're on Twitter.
  They banned you off Twitter, but I guess they get election meddlings bad.
  So, so far they've shadow banned you, but not banned your congressional site.
  They kind of still get like, oh, we're not supposed to ban a candidate.
  No, I don't, I don't have a Twitter account for my campaign.
  I don't have any campaign social media.
  So it's a fan site.
  Which account are you talking about?
  No, we're just showing Laurel.
  That's Gab.
  Oh, that's Gab.
  So you're not even allowed a site running for Congress?
  No, so they changed their rules.
  And then what happened is when I tried to create a Facebook account for my campaign, Facebook banned it in less than 24 hours.
  And then when Breitbart reached out to them, they said, well, we're creating a new policy that says if you've been previously banned, and you know, you and I were both banned and labeled as dangerous.
  So this is just a giant, complete power grab.
  They're totally leveraging their power over society.
  These are the enemies of America.
  And yes, they are enemies.
  And this is why Republicans need to act now, because this is election interference.
  And just like I warned when I was sitting next to you inside that congressional hearing two years ago, and Jack Dorsey was committing perjury and lying to Congress.
  And I stood up and I made a personal plea to President Trump.
  And I said, Mr. President, please help us before it is too late, because Jack Dorsey is
  You know, trying to influence the election by sabotaging and shabbatizing.
  Laura, I agree with you.
  So here's the deal.
  I'm not a chump.
  And I hate Hillary, and I hate Obama, and I hate the globalists, and I hate radical Islam.
  But I'm sitting here looking at Trump with his inoculation plans and him putting up with this, and I'm just like, I'm souring on Trump right now, man.
  And I get like, oh, what are you for the Democrats?
  No, I'm not for the Democrats either.
  It's like, at a certain point, he gives his constituents nothing.
  Like, he wasn't in Piscate.
  He wasn't in the Russian, you know, St.
  Petersburg Hotel with hookers pissing on him.
  But he's pissing on me!
  And I'm like, dude, stop peeing on me!
  Like, I'm just saying, Laura, I'm starting to get mad at Trump.
  Yeah, well this is an issue that Republicans really need to deal with because every single day people are being silenced and it's really starting to agitate many members of the base because they're being silenced in an election year and
  And people are going to start reacting by maybe withholding their votes if something isn't done about this.
  And so you're absolutely legitimate in your feelings of irritation regarding this matter, because, you know, many people are.
  I mean, what are you supposed to do every single day when you're being shut down and your rights are being violated?
  It's no longer just a free speech issue.
  It's a civil rights issue.
  People are being declared- And they call you Hitler, and then you can't respond because you're banned.
  Right, or they label, they say that you're a dangerous individual and then they issue a statement that says it's okay to post death threats against people who are dangerous individuals.
  I mean... I forgot that!
  They said you and Paul Watson could be death-threatened.
  Well, you as well!
  You were labeled as a dangerous individual.
  You know, and so you have a United States Congressman, Paul Gosar, who seems to be one of the only members of Congress who gives a damn about this issue, writing a letter to Attorney General William Barr saying, hey, you have Facebook over here saying it's okay for people to post death threats and incite high-severity lethal violence against people they deem dangerous.
  Oh, all those people.
  I don't want Trump to win and stuff, but I'm like, man, since when does somebody not stand up for their people?
  Because everybody's been telling me I'm a schmuck, I'm an idiot, you gotta go after Trump.
  And I'm like, yeah, but the Democrats are worse.
  But at a certain point, I'm like, let them burn me alive.
  If Trump won't stand up for me, what do I do?
  Yeah, well, many, many members of the base are feeling this way right now with regards to this issue of tech censorship.
  And that's why I've been calling on the Republican Party for many years now to make this a key platform issue.
  It is hands down the most important campaign issue right now.
  Because it doesn't matter what you may think about anything else, what your positions may be on any other issue that may influence your vote.
  If your right to talk about it is shut down, none of us are going to be able to communicate.
  And what's going to stop these big tech companies who are now putting chai comms on their boards, board of advisors like Twitter did this last week?
  You know, what's going to stop them three weeks out from Election Day from just banning everybody?
  OK, you see that they're trying to push for mail-in ballots.
  The Democrats are trying to keep lockdowns in some parts of the country going for another three months.
  It's because they want to control the election.
  They want people to be so scared to leave their home that they don't participate in elections.
  No, that's it.
  And I get it.
  As Americans, we're measured and we don't do radical stuff, but we've been brought to this radical point.
  We've got calls coming up.
  But I want to do a few more minutes with Laura Loomer, then we'll go to Jeremy and Catherine and Heather and Austin and Vanessa and Scotty and Jamal.
  We're going to come right back with Laura Loomer and hear what she's calling for to rally the troops to get her elected to Congress and say no to this.
  This is just so insane that we've reached this point.
  It makes my head absolutely spin.
  But we'll continue to be faithful to common sense.
  On the other side, stay with us.
  We'll be right back.
  InfoWars.com.
  Back in black.
  All right, Laura Loomer's here with us.
  Your calls are loaded up.
  Jeremy and Kathleen and Heather and Austin and Vanessa, Scotty and Jamal.
  So, Laura Loomer, in closing, you're doing amazing work.
  You've got the system scared of you.
  Obviously, there's censorship happening.
  It's an incredible, tyrannical takeover.
  How would you quantify the fight right now for pro-human forces versus forces of tyranny?
  I mean, really, honestly, this is a battle of life or death at this point in time.
  And we see that these communists who we're dealing with in big tech, they literally want us dead.
  First, they want to try to kill us in a digital manner by subjecting us to a digital gulag, but look what they're doing in the countries which they're outsourcing all of their manufacturing to, and in these countries like China, where they're getting all of their executives and people to serve on their board.
  They literally have Muslims in concentration camps in China, and these big tech social media companies are utilizing slave labor from the Muslim Uyghurs
  To produce their products, okay?
  So these people really are evil.
  They want us dead, okay?
  They have demonstrated that in the way that they label us dangerous individuals and then tell people that it's okay to kill dangerous individuals.
  So, nobody's doing anything about it.
  I completely feel your pain, okay?
  I've expressed the same frustrations and that is why it is so important that I win, okay?
  And I'm going to win.
  It's the only option.
  It is the only option because if this continues,
  Well, you know, there's really not going to be an America, as you constantly repeat on your show, Alex.
  There is not going to be an America if we allow for these tyrants in Silicon Valley to rob us of our First Amendment right.
  Because, Laura, that's really true.
  Big Tech claims it's all liberal and
  We're good to go.
  Yeah, they should.
  And you want to know, if we had people in Congress who had a spine and a backbone to do it, it would be happening.
  Because it is a crime.
  It is a crime to lie to Congress.
  Okay?
  Sundar, Sheryl Sandberg, Jack Dorsey, Mark Zuckerberg, they all committed perjury when they testified under oath to Congress.
  When they lied and said that they don't censor conservatives.
  Oh, we were there together when they said, we don't even track users.
  Yep, and then the day after I called Jack Dorsey a liar, remember?
  Remember when I stood up and I was auctioned off by, it was a Republican who auctioned me off by the way, Representative Billy Long.
  It wasn't a Democrat.
  Need to add that in there.
  Okay, because it's not just the Democrats.
  Hey, you were banned, Alex.
  The next day is when you were banned, is when after we confronted them in Congress, they retaliated against you by banning you.
  So this is real.
  These people are vindictive in big tech, okay?
  They are now trying to control our elections.
  They think that they get to choose election winners and losers.
  And I'm hoping that my election victory proves to them that it's the people who decide who wins elections in this country, not the big tech tyrants sitting in their offices in Silicon Valley.
  And don't you find it really ironic how they ban me, they accuse me of being anti-Muslim and an Islamophobe, yet I'm one of the only people who's really speaking up about the fact that big tech is
  Is partnering with China to literally put Muslims in concentration camps.
  I mean... Oh, it's incredible.
  It's incredible, Laura Loomer.
  All right, Laura Loomer, lauraloomer4congress.com.
  People should support you there.
  Please join us again, not just once a year.
  Come back next week, okay, Laura?
  Yeah, I'd love to.
  And I'd love to have you come to Palm Beach to have an event with me so that we can, here in President Trump's home district, have a big event to raise awareness about tech tyranny, Alex, because you're somebody who I admire greatly.
  And I think you're an inspiration and you really are a free speech hero and you've been trailblazing this from the beginning.
  So, you know, please, please come to Palm Beach and let's have an event.
  We'll try to do that.
  Laura, thank you so much.
  All right.
  There goes Laura Loomer.
  What a day to be here on air.
  I mean, this is just totally insane.
  Everything that's happening.
  I want to go to your phone calls right now because I'm going to host the whole next hour or two and take your calls because your calls are paramount.
  But man, what an attack on free speech.
  And to realize, they'd turn the lights out right now if they could.
  They'd have us off air right now if they could.
  All right, who's up first here?
  Let's go ahead and talk to... Let's talk to Jamal in Canada.
  Jamal's been holding a law enforcement officer on COVID-19.
  Go ahead.
  How are you doing, Mr. Alex?
  It's an honor and a privilege to be on your show.
  Awesome.
  I work law enforcement in Alberta, Canada, and some of the responses that we've seen in terms of our brass and the policy let down to frontline workers is outrageous.
  Just like your caller Tom said from Texas, I've also noticed that the hospitals there are completely empty.
  Now, we deal with a lot of mental health patients, bringing them into hospitals for, you know, suicidal ideation, just mental decline.
  And typically, we'd be waiting on a normal day, about four to eight hours.
  Nowadays, when we take people down there, we're waiting like ten minutes.
  The hospital beds are empty, completely.
  So, another thing, Mr. Jones, is that the Public Safety Act that we have instituted here in Alberta
  They expect us to cite members of the public for $1,200 tickets if we see them breaking the stay-at-home orders.
  I know a lot of fellow officers, like myself, who do not enforce those unconstitutional orders.
  We feel that it's a huge government overreach, and it just feels like this is conditioning.
  These people are, like you always say, control freaks.
  Even Mr. Trudeau, you know, our Prime Minister, who has instituted this gun ban under the guise and under the chaos of this COVID-19 pandemic.
  Therefore, people can't protest.
  People are stuck in their home.
  You know, and the only thing you could do nowadays in Canada, at least, is sign a petition.
  But that doesn't do much.
  So, it's just incredible to see, you know, some of the responses, especially from liberal leadership in North America, Canada and the United States.
  Another thing, Mr. Jones, I was talking about
  The influx of mental health.
  Ever since this thing has taken, you know, grasp of our world, I find that, you know, the last two night shifts that I did, we do 12-hour night shifts, every single person I've dealt with was experiencing a mental health decline.
  And I mean a serious mental health decline.
  I feel that this is sort of acting as the breaking point for a lot of people.
  Um, you know, they're, they're making you feel in the media that if you go outside, you're going to be killed.
  You're going to be, you know, this, this strange, mysterious disease is going to get you.
  If you go outside, if you interact with your family, if you interact with your, your friends, they're trying to isolate people.
  And I just think it's insane.
  Well, of course, there's an attempt right now to totally break down society and create a total stampede panic.
  And they count every death from heart attack, cancer, you name it as this.
  And that's where all this is going.
  So you're absolutely right.
  Your common sense, what you're saying, Jamal, is absolutely right.
  Like you said, the other officers see this as well.
  So get the police on our enemy.
  It's the bureaucracy and it's the centralized lie.
  That has created this whole hysteria that now says it's not two weeks.
  It's not two months.
  It's five years.
  It's ten years You never can leave your house again, and this is an obvious takeover plan Absolutely right mr. Jones.
  Do you mind if I just read something quickly to you?
  Yes, sir go ahead Okay, so I know that you said not too long ago on your show you typically quote this My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge, and I just want to tell everybody that this Infowars.com is
  This is that knowledge that you need.
  This is that knowledge that you're not going to get from the mainstream, that you're not going to get from your typical churches that you may attend for the Christian.
  This is a knowledge that we need to be privy to.
  We need to research this for ourselves, because if we're just naive, we're going to be destroyed, folks.
  And what I want to read to you, Mr. Jones, is Matthew 24, 37-39.
  It says,
  You don't have to fear the Reaper.
  But you better fear getting your heart right with God.
  All right, we're taking your phone calls right now.
  Jamal is a law enforcement officer in Canada.
  He was really hitting it hard about the spiritual choice that's so clear now.
  Things are so clear now.
  I'm not worried about myself.
  I'm just worried about all those we didn't reach.
  All those that are going to follow this evil, because it's all about to be fulfilled.
  So Jamal, finish up your points, my friend.
  Absolutely, Mr. Jones, and thank you again.
  You know, before I even go on, I just want to say, I want to give you a little plug.
  And regrettably so, Mr. Jones.
  I've been a long-time listener, but I've purchased your items and stuff from your store.
  It took me a long time to do it, and for that, I apologize.
  It was after YouTube had banned you that I got my butt in gear, and I knew that I had to put my money where my mouth is.
  One of my favorite products is the 8-pack Power Stack.
  I recommend it to any frontline workers who do shift work.
  You just pop that a.m.
  pack in the morning after you wake up after a long night shift and then if you need to get that rest you get the p.m.
  pack and it gives you energy during the day and good restful night or sleep.
  No, it is a good product.
  We just sell good stuff.
  That just keeps us on air.
  I appreciate you, brother.
  What matters is what you're saying about what you see happening and the spiritual choice.
  Tell us about that.
  So, you know what, I was thinking about the story of Noah.
  You were talking about that?
  Exactly.
  You think Noah was happy when the rain started coming?
  No, it's not a good feeling.
  And Mr. Jones, if you read in Genesis, they actually never experienced water falling from the heavens before.
  It came out of the ground.
  Exactly.
  So Noah, he looked like a crazy man.
  He looked like a crazy man, and he preached patiently, and he declared his message patiently, enduring so much hardship and so much castigation from everyone, from the scientists and the doctors and people that thought they were the experts.
  And he preached for 120 years, and all that he had saved was his family.
  So I hope that I am part of your family, Mr. Jones.
  And we're all under the guise and under the covering of Jesus Christ.
  That's the family that we need to be a part of to be saved.
  So I thank you, Alex.
  No, but you're right.
  That is the scary part, is that even as the water was rising, they were in denial.
  That's right.
  That's it.
  And when the door shut, Noah tried to open it, but he couldn't because the angel of God had
  Can you imagine what Big Tech's going to do when all their power is nothing?
  Oh man.
  It's like a wild beast that's being cornered.
  They're going to lash out and it's going to be dangerous.
  People will die.
  It's not going to be, you know, we all live in a bubble.
  We all live thinking that we have tomorrow.
  We all live thinking that
  You know, the status quo, we're just going to go through our life, retire, and you know, just keep on reproducing.
  It's not like that.
  No, you're right.
  All that's over.
  The status quo is gone.
  That's it.
  God bless you, brother.
  Great points.
  Jamal was an amazing caller.
  Wow.
  Yeah.
  I don't compare myself to Noah.
  I'm like more one of the animals trying to get on the boat.
  But.
  The globalists believe they're doing this cleansing of humans.
  They all imitate God.
  So they say they're getting rid of humanity.
  They say they're cleansing the earth of everybody.
  Okay, whatever.
  I just know you people are crazy.
  They're into this devil worship stuff.
  All right.
  Let's just go who's been on the longest.
  Let's talk to Jeremy in Texas.
  Jeremy, thanks for holding.
  Go ahead.
  Hi, Alex.
  Yesterday you had asked the question, what do you do when you're losing a chess game?
  And there's an old Russian-born grandmaster, Sevely Karnakaur, that said, tactics is what you do when there is something to do.
  Strategy is what you do when there is nothing to do.
  And so this is a very famous chess grandmaster.
  And you know, Laura Loomer kept saying, they want to make us dead, but first they want to make us stupid.
  And they do that by infringing on our liberty and pretending that we have to catch them lying to Congress before we actually catch them in the act of a crime.
  And what this is all leading up to right now is that we have... I'm in a very rural West Texas County, about 300 miles west of Dallas.
  There's three men that make up the Sheriff's Department.
  And so I have a very, you know, see-through sort of way of looking at the government here.
  And so basically, we've already beat the COVID-19 thing to the past.
  We've already beat them.
  And I say that because what's going on is the governor is basically receiving some sort of COVID paper, some sort of program, you know, like what Michigan did, but Texas, you know, kind of modifies it.
  And he turns around and hands it to every county attorney in all 254 counties, and they say, implement this.
  And the sheriff looks at it and says, I don't think so.
  What in the hell is this?
  Yeah, there's like no cases here.
  Why should I lock everyone down?
  Yeah, I have zero cases.
  Zero cases in my county.
  Zero.
  A county the size of Los Angeles County.
  Okay?
  Right?
  Zero cases.
  And so they're doing everything in quiet right now.
  Many weeks ago when the lockdown started, all the county officials just went to the government building.
  There wasn't really a public notice about it.
  They all just went there.
  And the very next day, every county in Texas was
  Locked down.
  And then everybody thought it was really neat that the troopers were all at the borders.
  Okay, so here's what I call it about.
  The governor had... Okay, so I'm across the street from one of these COVID testing sites right now.
  And originally, the county attorney told the sheriff, hey, you're going to make mandatory testing for everyone in the county.
  And the sheriff said get lost.
  What he had originally told him, though,
  Was at every county entrance, there's going to be a mandatory testing site across the state.
  Now, I want you to understand.
  Oh, exactly.
  No, that's confirmed.
  They gave their wish list, which is all UN-run total control group.
  And they're just trying to do this without announcing to the public, just by the way, I know you're on your way to work, but you're going to have to wait here.
  And just the craziness of
  I mean, David Ickes talked about it.
  A lot of people talked about it.
  Well, then they give you a false test and then everybody's infected and then everybody's... It's... Here's what it's designed to do.
  Let me say this.
  It's designed to cause a civil war to break down a society.
  People go, this doesn't make sense.
  It doesn't work.
  It's fraudulent.
  It's designed to cause a civil war.
  And so when I say don't kill the cops at the checkpoint, it's not some wimpy kiss their ass thing.
  It's don't do what they want, folks.
  They want this is the sabotage.
  This is the fear.
  This is don't trust anybody.
  But what CNN says, this is their big move.
  And I got to say,
  Trump buying into the forced inoculation and all these ideas is a really bad thing.
  Why do you think Trump's doing that?
  And Alex, a Democrat sheriff told the governor no.
  So think about the winds, you know, as Texas goes, so goes the pandemic.
  No, no, no, no.
  I mean, I agree.
  Every citizen needs to go see their sheriff right now and say, we're not a bunch of wimps.
  This is an economic warfare weapon.
  Stop virtue.
  I agree.
  We need to tell them, do not, compliance with this is death.
  Exactly.
  And I have one thing to ask you about of a piece of Intel I have received back in 2004, six years before I started watching M4s.
  And it is about a facility at the University of North Texas that George Bush funded.
  And evidently it's a Pico Technology Lab, one of only two in the nation.
  I don't know if you had heard anything about that.
  No, I don't.
  Man, they got a bunch of super evil stuff going on at these research laboratories.
  Can I just share with you that lab is a nanotech lab.
  And what I was told then is that they were engineering viruses that they could control via some sort of internet where they could activate it in certain races or deactivate it whenever they want to, and they were already having ethics meetings about all this.
  I was told this in 2004 by a grad student who was working in the lab.
  Yeah, you're talking about nanotech viruses.
  Right, and they're engineering these things to be hooked up through the internet.
  At least that's what the ethics meetings are surrounding their debates around.
  I knew a space aeronautics professor at NASA who told me this 20 years ago and I thought he was crazy.
  And then I was talking yesterday.
  To a former head of a U.S.
  intelligence agency.
  He was telling me the same thing.
  That's what I mean.
  Like, we've been given Atlantis power.
  We've been given, like, God-like power.
  We're not God.
  So, it's an explosive moment.
  I appreciate your call.
  Jeremy, great points.
  All right.
  Vanessa, Austin, Heather, Kathleen, Scott, Steven, we're going to take all your calls when we come back.
  And with one minute or 40 seconds to break, I'm just going to throw this out there.
  I'm promoting and selling things that are good products.
  We have a big sale that ends this weekend.
  It's 30 to 70% off all the products.
  That's how you fund us.
  All these products are great.
  If you believe in the products, that's great.
  If you don't want to buy them, that's fine.
  But I would take action.
  Now get those products now.
  All right, we're going to start the fourth hour.
  In T-minus three minutes, we're going to go right to your phone calls, one after the other, at 877-789-2539.
  877-789-ALEX.
  Hour number four, straight ahead.
  You walk into this room, you're on planet Earth, the year's 2020.
  It's May 15th, Friday.
  We're taking your phone calls, one after the other.
  Who's been holding the longest?
  Is it Catherine?
  Is it Heather?
  Is it Austin?
  Is it Vanessa?
  Is it Scotty or is it Steven?
  I think it's Heather, then Vanessa.
  Heather, thanks for holding her on the air.
  Welcome.
  Holy shit, Alex.
  This is really you?
  Yes, ma'am.
  Good to talk to you.
  Go ahead.
  I am so happy to talk with you.
  Think your country's been under attack?
  No, you are.
  Go ahead.
  Tell me what's going on.
  Our country's been under attack for four years.
  It's undeniable.
  I don't understand what's going on here.
  Our public is under attack.
  Everything is crazy.
  I don't want the vaccine.
  I don't want to be scanned.
  I think they're taking our DNA and changing our shit.
  Not good.
  I hear you, Heather.
  So what works at a dental office, manager?
  What's going on?
  I haven't known anybody that's been, has issue.
  None of our, none of my co-workers have.
  Nothing.
  Martin County is pretty much being pretty good.
  No, that's what everybody's saying, Heather.
  I appreciate your call.
  Vanessa in Washington.
  You're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Hey, Alex.
  Thank you for letting me come on.
  I'm excited to be able to share because I work right next to the Life Care Center in Kirkland.
  And I work for Orthopedic Surgeons, which is an elective surgery for the most part.
  A lot of our patients did come from that center.
  Well, tell us what you're seeing.
  What do you think is going on?
  Well, initially, about two months ago, when the first, you know, when everything started happening, I was actually told by my administrator that if I open one of our patients' charts and I see that pulmonary hospitalization is marked on their chart,
  My account will be flagged and my job will be in jeopardy.
  So that was a major scare for me because that just meant like if I have a patient coming in and I'm supposed to possibly cast this patient or you know provide direct patient care to this patient and I see that they have pulmonary issues or pulmonary hospitalization like three days ago.
  I don't
  We're positive for COVID-19.
  They flagged them all.
  So anybody that opens those charts is going to be tracked and talked to if they are not working with pulmonary hospital, you know, in the hospital with that exact.
  Sure.
  So most people haven't been a medical worker or somebody doing charts.
  Explain what this means.
  So for me, if I open up a chart,
  I normally have to prepare for the patients coming in the next day.
  So I have multiple patients actually that were flagged as COVID-19 patients because I work right there next to, you know, the Life Care Center.
  And it wouldn't allow me to prepare myself or to even check to see if they tested positive for the virus.
  So it's going to expose all of us that we're working in the surgery center that I work at.
  Without us even being allowed to protect ourselves.
  We were told that there wasn't enough PPE for us, for all of us, and basically... So what's your bottom line, Vanessa?
  What do you think is really going on here?
  Oh, I think that, honestly, I believe that you are definitely right with, you know, them trying to make sure that COVID-19 spread.
  I also am kind of questioning about the 5G because we are right next to two huge 5G powers.
  So I'm working along with a thought of David Icke, what he had to say.
  I was told I couldn't wear your mask.
  You know, the Info Wars?
  I was told I couldn't wear that.
  Yeah, I can't wear your mask in my work.
  Even if we have Friday Casual Day, I can't wear any of your attire.
  So that was another big deal.
  And then one other thing, my physician that I work under, he has no history of having blood clots with any of his surgical patients.
  Okay, we're taking your phone calls right now on this live Friday, May 15th Global Transmission.
  We've got Catherine, we've got Elvis, we've got Austin, we've got Scotty, we've got Steven, and many other folks.
  We're going to be taking your calls.
  What do you make of COVID-19?
  You're medical workers, you have family that are medical workers.
  What is really behind all this hysteria?
  Let's go ahead and take a call from
  Wisconsin with Catherine.
  Catherine, go ahead.
  Thanks for calling.
  Oh, hi, Alex.
  First, I just want to say thank you for putting yourself out there and for what you do and for waking up people.
  I appreciate you for what you do, Catherine.
  Go ahead.
  Thank you.
  So, like so many people have said and you've heard, I've got a sister who is an occupational therapist at a local hospital.
  And since the end of March, she's been furloughed one to two times a week because of this.
  And the week before Easter, they had a huge meeting telling the employees that the next week, that was going to be the big week.
  There was going to be a huge peak.
  Well, that week came and went and there was no peak.
  I talked to her yesterday and she told me that their hospital is now starting to break down their mobile testing stations because people aren't coming in.
  I myself have an appointment scheduled for next week.
  And when I spoke to the nurse yesterday, I was told
  If I don't take a COVID test, I can't have my procedure.
  So now I'm wondering if they're going to start making people, you know, if you want to get a procedure done, you need to have a test or you need to get a vaccine done.
  Oh, you just said it.
  You've got to have the test or the vaccine.
  And the test is ready to say everybody has it, which again, boosts the numbers.
  That's what this is all about.
  Well, that's what I'm worried about.
  I don't want to be a number because I have no reason to get tested.
  I told the nurse I have no symptoms.
  I haven't been sick.
  You know, why is that?
  And she said, well, it's to protect the doctors.
  And I said, well, do the doctors get tested before procedures?
  And she honestly told me, no, they don't unless they have symptoms.
  Well then, Catherine, if I was you and I had my bicep ripped, I had a hernia two years ago, people have surgeries, I would just wait and say, okay, you know what, I'm canceling it then.
  Let them know, because they're trying to make you submit to whatever some bioethics board above them said.
  I would say, you know what, then I'm not doing this procedure right now.
  No, and I agree.
  I talked to my dad about it, who's a physician, and he said the same thing.
  Yeah, I just don't get it.
  And that's it.
  I mean, and look, we all have surgeries.
  Again, I've had three of them in the last couple of years.
  But if they're going to play those games like, because again, they're being told by the hospital, get us higher COVID numbers, even though they know the tests were a fraud, which again, why did Fauci agree to a test that's fraudulent?
  It's to boost the numbers.
  No, I completely agree with you.
  And like I said, that's why I don't want to be a part of that number because it's a forced test.
  It's not something that I would... But Catherine, this is just the intelligence of the crowd, of you, your father, of us.
  We all have the same opinion.
  Humans get intelligence.
  We're smart.
  We have to go with what we know and say no to this.
  So in the final equation, Catherine, what do you think is really going on?
  I see a big giant power grab.
  Oh, I agree.
  I actually had labs done last week and I had a
  A CT scan and a scoping done.
  And I asked the nurses and the people working, you know, if I can ask you a question.
  You don't have to answer it if you don't want to.
  What do you think about this?
  Have you done anything different with your daily life?
  And every single person I talked to, it was the same thing.
  We haven't done anything different.
  We don't understand what is going on.
  Again, I've opened the phones up for weeks.
  And it's in the news, too, and all these medical doctors and nurses go, uh, we're not seeing this.
  It's all a hoax.
  God bless you.
  And it doesn't mean there aren't regular deaths.
  See, this is a really smart conspiracy, because there are 30,000, 40,000 flu deaths every year in the U.S.
  There are probably 200,000 deaths from pneumonia every year.
  I mean, pneumonia is a grim reaper killer, folks.
  Let's not lie about that.
  But now, if you can then say every death is this new virus, you create panic.
  And you create an economic shutdown.
  And that's all this is.
  I mean, I remember six years ago, I've told this story a thousand times, probably, because it gets to me.
  I mean, I love my mom's brother, man.
  He was so cool.
  He was like a real man.
  You know what I mean?
  That's why my family that's as tough as I am is tougher.
  That pneumonia killed him better than I am.
  And killed his son and my dad's uncle in the same month.
  So I know these pneumonias are serious.
  But this whole thing is made up.
  This whole thing is a hysteria attributing all the regular demonias and all the regular things that are part of death.
  It's part of life.
  Yeah, we're coming in, we're going out, man.
  People dying all over the place.
  And it's this new thing, oh my gosh, we can't have somebody die!
  It's never before happened, oh!
  We gotta shut everything down because nobody can die.
  Everybody's gonna die.
  And like I said, if they had a vaccine for pneumonia, or the flu, or tetanus, or... If that vaccine was safe, I'd take 100 vaccines.
  I mean, I'm a technology guy.
  I like computers, and airplanes, and science, and I've got an infection.
  Antibiotics work.
  I know they're toxic.
  I know they've got problems.
  I know they make the bugs more powerful, but I'll gobble them antibiotics.
  I'll gobble them.
  If you've got a vaccine that makes me not get some disease, give it to me.
  But it doesn't work.
  The numbers show it doesn't work.
  The facts show it doesn't work.
  So you're not going to give me something that doesn't work and then piss down my back and tell me it's rain.
  We're going to go to break.
  I'm going to come back with Scotty and Steven and Austin and Elvis.
  And the last segment of this hour will air a special report and then Owen Schroer is going to take over, but this is one hell of a time to be alive.
  And I... I'm not some goody two-shoes.
  And by that I mean I'm not some fake guy that sits up here and says I care about people because it makes me sound like a big loving liberal fake man like I'm trying to con some chick at the park to go to bed with me.
  No, no, no.
  I do not like starving people to death.
  I do not like destroying civilizations that didn't ask for it.
  I feel ashamed of myself that I'm not militarily going after the globalists right now when they are cutting off the economy, the whole economy for the third world and killing tens of millions of people right now.
  Because the dominoes that have been set in motion in the economy are going to kill a lot of people.
  And I can act like I don't know that and kind of distract myself and, oh well, whatever.
  It's just how the world works, you know?
  They're poor people!
  But if I had a chance to save them, and I didn't do it, then it's on me.
  And that's really where I am.
  So now I'm kind of like looking at Bill Gates and the Clintons and people going,
  And it kind of goes to that next phase, like, okay, I feel guilty.
  I'm not doing something to save people.
  And so my brain starts going like, okay, you've done all this stuff politically.
  You've done all this.
  Economically, and now my brain's like, hey man, you better get your ass together.
  You better start getting ready for war.
  And now all these parts of my brain are like going, switch is like switch, switch, switch, switch, switch.
  Like switches are being flipped, flipped.
  And I can tell you, not only my switches are being flipped right now, a lot of people's switches are being flipped.
  Because we stand down while they kill hundreds of millions of people.
  When our little soul, like a moth to flame, flies up to meet God, the door's gonna be closed.
  So, I'm not somebody that wants violence.
  I'm not somebody that wants death.
  I'm just telling everybody right now, you don't make a decision which side you're on, you're damned to hell.
  And that's what I'm coming down to here.
  Because let me tell you, this lockdown, it's probably gonna kill a billion people.
  And that's a billion people crying to death at night for their mommy.
  And ain't nobody coming to save them.
  Welcome back.
  I'm Alex Jones, your host.
  Let's talk to Elvis in Canada.
  Elvis, you're an EMT on COVID-19.
  Go ahead, sir.
  Thanks for calling.
  Hey, Alex.
  Shout out to Daniel, a friend of mine who's sick right now.
  Of course, not with COVID.
  And a shout out to John McAfee's anti-globalist cryptocurrency.
  But I have a two-part question.
  Well,
  When you take hardcore hallucinogens and you break the veil, because God protects us from that, we're at the third dimension, which is the dimension above hell and below heaven.
  And so, Baphomet looks like a goat, but it's more like a goat-like creature, but the people that have studied it look at it, that's just kind of what the aliens look like.
  I mean, look,
  I'm not somebody even promoting this.
  This is what people actually see on the hallucinogens, and it's what the devil worshippers worship.
  And so the devil worshippers are just constantly on drugs, trying to get divine empowerment from these creatures.
  Does that make sense?
  Yeah, because, you know, when he said it, he said he felt like he was breaking the veil between whatever this dimension is and the next dimension, but it felt almost like it was a
  Like a molestation, you know?
  Like it wasn't right.
  Well, no, that's it.
  Exactly.
  If you break the lower dimension, they rape you.
  In fact, that's what it is, is that it's a psychic sexual attack.
  That's what Satanism is, is a raping.
  That's actually pretty insane.
  That's what it is, man.
  Believe me, I've seen it.
  Do you give any credence to the theory that Jews were involved in the 9-11 attack?
  Yeah, I think there's a large contingent.
  Thank you very much and also shout out to you Alex, you're the fucking man.
  All right, Elvis, I appreciate your call.
  You know, we are on over 200 radio stations and a bunch of cable and TV stations.
  We can't cuss.
  It's not that I can't handle you guys saying cuss words.
  It's that we can't put that on the radio stations and TV stations.
  The Democrats can get up there and cuss on TV all day.
  Our stations get fines when we do it.
  You're like, well, that's not fair.
  Yeah, the world's not fair.
  Scotty in Tennessee.
  Scotty, you're on the air.
  Thanks for holding.
  You're amazing.
  Go ahead.
  Wanted to talk to you about McGraw-Fram works for a major medical university that owns numerous hospitals.
  Now, these nurses and these ladies are threatened on a daily basis.
  Do not talk about any of the numbers.
  Do not talk about having no patients.
  They are laid off and furloughed.
  They're being threatened on a daily basis.
  The hospitals are even sending out
  Brother, I know.
  It's a total predatory move.
  Isn't it incredible?
  By the way, I don't just tell you that to impress you.
  I even had family call me up last week and say, they figured out you're our family, don't say this.
  But they're literally in an open hospital watching Netflix all day.
  My family said we're drinking vodka.
  And the media's like, oh, Jones says his family's drinking vodka, watching TV.
  That's what they're doing at the most, at the biggest VA hospital in the damn country, brother.
  Okay, the reason that they're doing this, Alex, is they're trying to bankrupt the system.
  If they can bankrupt the hospitals, control the hospitals, the government has one leg up.
  They have control.
  No, you're right.
  Exactly.
  Because exactly.
  And that makes the hospitals count.
  Everybody's COVID to try to get money to keep from going bankrupt.
  Exactly.
  And one more thing I want to throw out there, Alex, that I'm surprised that you or some of your listeners hasn't brung to light yet.
  It's just like this food stamp program.
  You know, it could be a great thing, but right now they're maximizing the benefits.
  Okay.
  People are going out, they're buying up this food on these food stamps and stuff, and I know it can be a great thing.
  Don't get me wrong, there's people that truly do need it.
  No, but it's definitely being abused.
  Right, right.
  Okay, these schools are giving away food.
  In the area I live in, they're giving away so much food that they're throwing it away.
  What these people, a lot of these people that are getting these benefits and stuff, don't even know how to handle it.
  They got food going to waste in their homes and stuff, and all this boils down to is the government
  All of this is about bankrupting the regular economy.
  Brother, I agree with you.
  So what do we do?
  Because listen, I like Trump, but I'm not an idiot.
  And Trump's going along with this.
  So what do we do about Trump?
  I was so upset to hear him say what he said.
  I mean, it broke my heart.
  I am such a Trump supporter, but I am so mad at him right now.
  I don't know what to do now.
  It is so frustrating.
  And sometimes I wonder if he didn't just give in to the system.
  Sell out.
  I don't know what's going on, brother, but I know this.
  You're not selling out Scottie and neither am I.
  I mean, I'll be honest with you.
  At this point, I appreciate you, Scotty.
  We'll come back with Austin and Steven and Peter next segment.
  This is insane.
  What's going on is completely insane.
  And at a certain point, I don't even know what to do anymore.
  Because
  You have all these bureaucrats coming out trying to say America's done and Trump sucks and I get all that.
  And then I know why Trump tries to come out then and take control of it by saying, you know, oh, I'll just have the military give everybody inoculations.
  I get what Trump's doing.
  But I don't get what he's doing because the best thing to do would just be expose Fauci and expose the Clintons and expose their whole nine yards.
  Let's see what happens.
  I know this.
  Look at Fauci.
  I mean, what a disgusting person.
  I was watching him in that press conference today with that mask on, and just every fiber of my body was like, that's an enemy.
  And we all know this.
  Our instincts are never wrong.
  I mean, I'm looking at that guy going, man, that is my, God Almighty, that's my enemy.
  Damn, I hate that person.
  God Almighty, I hate that son of a bitch.
  I mean, I'm just being honest with you.
  That piece of filth, and he was involved in the HIV scam.
  He was involved in everything.
  And it comes down to a point of, Weave, look at that little demon.
  Look at that sack of filth.
  I just hope Jesus Christ breaks his neck.
  I'm not going to try to hurt Fauci, but I just pray to Jesus.
  If Fauci deserves it, Lord Jesus,
  I hope Fauci burns in hell.
  All right, Peter, Steven, Austin, we're taking your calls right now.
  Austin, in Kansas, you're up front.
  Go ahead.
  Welcome.
  Alex, how's it going, man?
  Man, I'm watching world government unfold in front of everybody.
  It's just disgusting, quite frankly.
  It's pretty sad, I agree.
  So my brother-in-law is a nurse of anesthesia in Oklahoma.
  And he says the coronavirus is real, which I'm not going to argue with him.
  But it's not as serious as they're saying.
  And one of the main problems he has with this vaccine they're supposedly coming out with is this virus has like over 30 different mutations.
  And if they can't even get the flu vaccine right every year, why do people think that
  This is going to be a solution to this supposed COVID-19 virus.
  Austin, I agree with you.
  And so why is Trump, we want Trump to succeed.
  I love Trump.
  Why is he coming out saying, oh, we're going to have a good vaccine for you in six months and the Army's going to deliver it?
  That I do not know, but I know a lot of people who say that President Trump is the best president
  And these are people a lot older than I am.
  He's the best president in their lifetime.
  I know George Washington, in my eyes, is the best president ever.
  And what he did is he was one of the people, right?
  They overthrew the British.
  And whenever he established America, when he was done with his reign, he stepped down.
  He said, listen, this is the government buying of the people.
  I wish President Trump would listen to the American people right now.
  It doesn't seem like he's doing that.
  I agree with that statement, Austin.
  Thank you.
  Peter in Toronto and Mike and others.
  Peter, go ahead, sir.
  Welcome.
  Hi, how you doing, Alex?
  Good, brother.
  Go ahead.
  Wonderful.
  So I'm working in Toronto right now at Sunnybrook Hospital.
  And so far, a lot of the people there are just suffering from like anxiety, you know, because everyone's scared of all the fear mongering.
  They're like, oh, coronavirus, coronavirus.
  So you're seeing hysterical mental patients, you're not seeing real coronavirus?
  No!
  Like, no way.
  Like, a lot of these people are just scared.
  They're scared about the propaganda that these people are putting on the air.
  It's disgusting.
  Like, the people that come in, they're all just worried, sick, they all have face masks and gloves and all this stuff, but a majority of my hospital is empty.
  It is absolutely ridiculous.
  Like, I've been listening to you for a while.
  You have shown me the Federal Reserve.
  And when I found out about the gold standard and all that stuff and how, let's be honest, okay, the Jews just print money and they print it out of thin air and they redistribute it back to us at interest.
  And when you put me on that, that changed my life.
  And ever since I've been working at this hospital, I've been telling all the nurses and stuff, I'm like, listen guys, coronavirus is not real.
  It's all in our minds.
  It's all in our heads.
  It's making us believe that something is real.
  Therefore, it must be because of the fact that everyone else collectively agrees on that.
  And that's the problem right there.
  But at the end of the day, what I see right now is that this is a nonsense.
  All of this is nonsense, fueled by propaganda and the mainstream media telling everyone to believe it.
  It's ridiculous.
  And at this point in time,
  These people who are publishing this stuff, they should be charged with treason at this point.
  That's just what I believe, personally.
  I'm not sure if you will, Alex, but... Well, Peter, I don't try to make it about Russians or Jews or Americans or whatever, but yeah, there are big central banks that create fiat currency, and they want to get us deeper into debt, and there's no doubt there's a big banking takeover happening right now, and there's no doubt the ADL's supposedly Jewish-run, and it's anti-American and anti-free speech and really a dangerous group.
  But there's all sorts of the chi comms and other groups that are involved.
  So I'm not defending some of the leftist Jewish groups for anti-free speech.
  In fact, I'm against them.
  But there are just other authoritarian groups out there as well.
  So I just make it about authoritarianism.
  We should block it at every front.
  Peter, I appreciate your call.
  But yeah, that's really what's going on right now, and we're seeing the full brunt of tyranny right now.
  So I don't care if you're white, or you're black, or you're Christian, or you're Muslim, or you're Jewish, or you're agnostic, or you're an atheist.
  I don't want to see worldwide shutdown based on fraud.
  I don't want to see martial law.
  I don't want to see mass death.
  And I don't care if you're Jewish, or you're Japanese,
  Or you're Russian.
  If you want freedom and a good free market in the future, then I'm for you.
  But if you're for this Luciferian New World Order, well, I don't care what color you are.
  Because they got devil worshippers that are black, that are white, that are polka-dotted.
  They're all our enemy.
  All right.
  Mike in Massachusetts, you're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Daughter's a nurse.
  Tell us what you're seeing.
  How's it going, Alex?
  Big fan of the show.
  Great show today.
  I see you, nurse, up at the local hospital.
  She was laid off because of the low capacity of this.
  Now, if you drive by any local hospital around my area, they have the tents outside, they have all that stuff up, and they are empty.
  Just like I've seen on your show, just like they've shown, or haven't shown I should say.
  But they are empty, and my big concern
  Is that they're going to try to force this virus vaccine.
  Now, what would you recommend if that comes down and they try to force this on everybody?
  Well, they're going to try to say, if you want your job or you want to fly on a plane, you got to have it.
  And I told my wife, she agreed with me.
  We had this talk last night.
  She said, no, I'm not doing this.
  So we got to file lawsuits.
  We got to get it.
  What does taking some vaccine mean?
  We're safe to fly when it doesn't even guess the right mutation.
  It's total fraud.
  But it's not just about the vaccine.
  It's about them tracking you digitally, medically, to say you've had what they want to put in your body to be able to travel.
  How evil is that?
  Very evil.
  Like I said, keep up the... I'll make it quick.
  I mean, I know you got other people to talk to.
  No, I got time, brother.
  Go ahead, Mike.
  We got three minutes of break.
  Right.
  You keep up the good work, man.
  I watch you daily, you know, buy the products.
  And like I said, our biggest concern out here on the East Coast.
  I mean, I wish we could get out of here soon if it's going to continue like this, but I don't know.
  This is getting crazy up on my end of the world up here.
  God bless you, Mike.
  You know, it's just as bad in the South.
  It's just as bad in the West.
  It's all just brainwashing.
  And the average person's a good person.
  And these people call and they go, Jones, what do I do?
  I'm like, I'm having these same thoughts.
  What do I do?
  I'm not like here, like I'm on some high horse and I have all the answers.
  They're exacerbating the crisis.
  They're saying that everybody's dying of this thing that aren't.
  They're taking every old person that dies of something else and putting it in the column.
  It is a United Nations global government takeover.
  And I don't want to be at the grocery store when some old lady walks over and goes, you're not wearing your mask.
  I don't want to get in her face, but I do.
  And I go, hey, ma'am, I'm not against you, but you know
  That statistically, this didn't kill as many as the flu.
  You know they're counting all deaths.
  Oh, shut up!
  Oh, you don't want to be safe!
  And I'm like, listen.
  You understand all the major economies are shutting down.
  You understand this is a... I don't want to hear it.
  I'm just... Because to them, it's easy.
  They wear a mask.
  They're good.
  And I get that.
  You got to think about the average person.
  They just go, hey, I comply.
  I'm a good person.
  And so, don't get mad at him, but explain it to him.
  And I've had about half the people I've talked to actually go, really?
  They'll take the mask off and they'll go, tell me.
  And I start telling them and they listen.
  So there's a lot of hope there, in that if you have your talking points correctly,
  And you talk to somebody, you can do it.
  And by the way, folks, I don't have some big swing in Johnson to, like, try to get in people's face.
  I don't want to be at the grocery store on the hiking bike trail and get in somebody's face.
  I got to do it.
  So my kids are with me.
  They're like, Dad, please.
  Some old lady starts arguing with me.
  My kids are like, Dad, just... And I'm like, hey, this is not how the world works.
  The fact that we don't communicate with each other has created this climate where this lie can work.
  I'm going to tell these people what's going on.
  And then, you know, sometimes, every once in a while, some big dude, like, I'm going to beat your ass.
  And right at the moment in front of their wife, you're like, let's go.
  It might act tough.
  They back down.
  I'm like, yeah, exactly.
  This is not about
  Putting on a front here.
  This is about reality.
  So, yeah, I mean, I've almost got to get in physical fights now about this.
  And I'm willing to do it if I have to, to say the least.
  All right, final segment for Owen Schroer and the War Room Takeover.
  And, you know, here's the deal.
  It's kind of emblematic that the TV screens failed.
  Some computer broke today, so there's no background.
  Because without InfoWars, this is what it'll look like.
  And, you know, I'm sitting here as a man who never sold out to the dark side.
  But I still ask myself, did you do everything you could to oppose it?
  No, probably not.
  I did.
  That's between me and God.
  But I'll tell you this, I sure as hell didn't run around like some clown getting off on all this evil BS and all this devil worship.
  And I look at the people that happily sold out to this and I don't see them as my enemies.
  I see them as losers.
  I see them as people getting pulled down into a black hole, have no idea what they're involved in.
  So I'll just leave it at this.
  I'm humbled by the callers we have.
  I'm humbled by the crew we have.
  I am humbled by my life and the things we've had that we've done together that are successful.
  But I tell you, the games are over, folks.
  Party's over.
  All you people that think we're gonna queue.
  All those children.
  I shake in fear for my children, what we've done to these children.
  And that's the sick part of it.
  The truth is, I hope God blows the whole planet up.
  Seriously, you think I'm scared of the new world order?
  I'm scared of God.
  We're that close to God hitting one button and the whole thing blows up because we deserve it.
  We've been such damn cowards.
  We put up with so much evil, and we don't deserve anything.
  And that's why there's grace.
  God's grace is all that matters.
  And I'm counting on God's grace for my four children.
  My son and my three daughters are amazing people, and they're not evil.
  And they deserve a future, and so I'm betting everything on grace right now.
  But I look at these devil worshippers that don't even have any connection to God.
  Yeah, like those people right there.
  They think it's funny what they're doing!
  So we just gotta make sure we're not with them.
  Let's take a few calls here.
  Michael in Canada, then James in Louisiana.
  We'll end it there.
  Go ahead, Michael.
  Thanks for holding.
  Yes, sir.
  Go ahead.
  Hi Alex, I work as a doctor in Toronto.
  I have a question.
  What do you think about John McAfee making his own private coin to combat the global beat?
  I've got like five calls a day on air.
  What's it called?
  Ghost currency or something?
  Oh man, that's awesome.
  I don't know about it.
  I know McAfee.
  I love McAfee.
  He wouldn't come on for like two years.
  I want to give him... I don't know.
  Tell me what he's doing.
  I'm not aware of it.
  Okay, what he's doing is he's making his own cryptocurrency, which is private and untraceable.
  It's to combat the global elite who have been enslaving us all for thousands of years.
  And it will free us all.
  Well, I'm all for new free systems.
  We should get McAfee on.
  But I've had like five calls today.
  You're talking about the psych guys.
  What's he doing?
  This thing must be hotter than hell.
  Like, the phone's up and like five callers about this?
  What's going on?
  Yeah, man.
  It is absolutely amazing.
  You have to check out Ghost.
  It will change the world as we know it.
  And McAfee is 74 years old.
  He's only living once.
  You might as well enjoy it and live with the legacy of forever knowing that we will be free.
  Okay, so how is... Because I'm not being patronizing here.
  I'm saying, how is Ghost different?
  What does Ghost do?
  It's essentially a cryptocurrency that uses a proof of stake system.
  So essentially a lot of people lock up their coin and they earn an interest rate on it.
  That's pretty much what it is.
  But more to the point is the fact that it's untraceable and it's private.
  So, for anybody out there that doesn't like the Federal Reserve System and the fiat currency system that we have right now, I would advise that you guys check out Ghost.
  It will change your lives.
  I will, brother.
  What do you make of Trump talking about the army inoculating people?
  That sounds like a declaration of war.
  Personally, I always thought that Trump, his work is cute, and I think that he's going to be doing big things.
  But that's just me.
  That's what I believe.
  Of course, we have counterintelligence of you saying that Trump potentially might be with the deep state, but then I have counterintelligence that Trump is actually working against the deep state, so it's all just... No, no, no, no, no.
  I think Trump's working against the deep state.
  You think so?
  Yeah, but this...
  But you can't promote inoculations.
  They don't work anyways.
  Listen, I'm a technology guy.
  Like, I drink a glass of water.
  I get hydrated.
  Vaccines don't work, bro.
  All I see is that the world is changing really quickly.
  Yeah, it's changing really quickly.
  Exactly.
  God bless.
  All right.
  James, Louisiana.
  You're on the air.
  Thanks for holding.
  Go ahead.
  Hey, Jones.
  How you doing?
  Real quick, I want to mirror what a lot of the other people have said.
  My wife works in a CCU, ICU context, and she was being repeatedly canceled.
  They are definitely not overrun.
  So there's not piles of body bags and millions dead?
  Most certainly not the case.
  My best friend is a ER doctor.
  And before we had discussions about certain idiosyncratic, you know, unusual findings in people's blood markers and stuff, I was skeptical of the whole thing as just a complete hoax to oust Trump and tank the economy the way that Soros right before this, you know, happened.
  Exactly.
  So why is Trump suddenly going along with it?
  I mean, you know, I don't, I won't say that I have a confident answer on that, except
  The whole time with the 3D chess, is Trump good, bad thing?
  There's a lot of pitfalls with either way you go.
  You know, the Trump card is not owned by any suit, but is playable by all.
  And that's a metaphor, and you know, Trump's name is not a concept, but... No, but they definitely don't like him.
  So, he needs to stop the censorship.
  He needs to, like, you know, at a certain point, it's like, what?
  Now you're gonna try to make me inoculate to fly a damn airplane?
  And they admit it won't even... Fauci says it won't protect me.
  And then Trump's like, oh, we got the army ready for it.
  I got the army ready for you, buddy.
  Yeah, and I heard David Knight expressing some bold frustrations earlier today about Trump in regard to this.
  And the problem is, let's say he's not with them and he's doing the 3D thing where he says, let's take it from the NIH and Fauci.
  What do you think is going to happen if he's already setting it up for the military to be going door-to-door and something happens where, like, say, Pelosi ends up in charge?
  No, exactly.
  You just hit the key.
  You can't legitimize it.
  Like, look, look, look, look, Trump, and this is about me bragging, listeners need to know, Trump had two NRA board members call me and they go, listen, back when Trump still cared like a year and a half ago, he goes,
  Don't worry, we're not for gun control.
  We're going to get them to admit they're for gun control by doing this.
  And I was like, eh?
  And I saw it happen.
  It worked.
  I didn't get the call this time.
  Now it's forced.
  I guess I'm supposed to just figure this out.
  But now it's like forced inoculation.
  And then Trump's just sitting over there.
  And I'm just like, I hear you, brother.
  I appreciate you.
  Anything else, James?
  Yeah, I was just going to say, when it comes to people who espouse the dialectic, the Hegelian contradictory view of philosophy, when someone talks out of both sides of their mouth, a rational person stops listening, right?
  They're not going to sit here and wonder if their intentional state, you know, corresponds to what you're saying when they've seen you say two different things repeatedly.
  So the danger of this 3D chess is
  That you turn your people who did trust you into those who don't even listen.
  Well, exactly.
  You can't put out messages because it has a power.
  You say vaccines are legitimate.
  It has a power.
  Correct.
  You know, it's right.
  Integration is a skill.
  And, you know, I think that reasons the way forward.
  If I could just say, you know, I'm a former minister, so I know eschatology better than most people.
  And I understand why people who are Christians are nervous.
  I do remember the book, 88 Reasons Why Jesus is Coming Back in 1988, and every time something in the newspaper happens that looks similar to the eschatological predictions, people get stressed out.
  And one of the things, like your caller has already said, people are high strung.
  I see you.
  You're concerned, and you should be concerned because bad things are happening.
  And I don't know if the so-called globalists are trolling religious people, or if people are self-fulfilling prophecy, but I would like to say to everybody, including Christians and including, you know, bizarrely, Satanists and Luciferians, you know, what... Can you be the person who says to themselves, what kind of future do I want to live in?
  Well, I... Well, that's it.
  And here's the thing.
  Bible prophecy is being fulfilled right now.
  Is there some sub-level?
  Maybe, but this is happening.
  We told you what was going to happen, and it did.
  Now we're telling you what's coming.
  Band.Video.
  I'm cutting this ad on May 10th, 2020.
  And within a week or so, many of the best-selling items that we're selling at InfoWareStore.com will no longer be at 50% off.
  In fact, last year I said I can't do 50% off anymore because our markup just isn't enough for us to be able to get enough profit to operate this operation.
  But I want you to get the ultimate krill oil.
  I want you to get bazzo beads.
  I want you to get DNA Force Plus.
  I want you
  We're good to go.
  I don't have to tell you that we are in the most important point in human history.
  The globalists have taken the gloves off and they've taken the mask off.
  And they're like, yeah, you're taking implantable chips.
  Yeah, we're into pedophilia.
  Yeah, we're into world government.
  Yeah, you're obsolete.
  You are non-essential.
  We are shutting your ass down.
  Yeah, we told you don't be farmers and don't be ranchers and don't work in industry anymore.
  You're going to be the service economy.
  And now the globalists are telling you that there's no more service economy and you're obsolete.
  So you better bow down to them and get your universal pittance income so they can dictate your life.
  The handcuffs are going on right now.
  We have to resist and say no to the New World Order.
  And that takes you understanding you were right.
  And understanding I was right.
  And getting in people's faces and raising the alarm now while you still can.
  Now is the time for action.
  Now is the time for you to shine and be the Paul Revere's you know you are.
  It's now more critical than ever to keep InfoWars on the air.
  Everything we warned of for decades is now emerged.
  It was always there, but now it's uncloaked.
  It's out in the open, and our credibility, your credibility, has gone.
  To the stars.
  That's why they want to expunge and erase every documentary, every film, every article, every report, every interview.
  That's why they don't want to just silence Infowars.
  They want to silence medical doctors and scientists and members of Congress and leaders who tell the truth.
  But humanity is rallying against this threat.
  And now, ladies and gentlemen, is the time to spread the word like never before.
  I know I get up here and I say you are the Paul Reveres.
  But you know what?
  The evil we're facing is much more wicked and much more diabolical than King George III.
  260 years ago.
  These globalists want to dominate and take control of our very genetic code.
  They want to sterilize us.
  They want to erase us.
  They want to destroy our seed.
  They want hegemonic domination over every life form on the planet.
  They want to override it in their selfishness.
  And we can't let them do that.
  So I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, however you can,
  Realize you're a leader.
  Listening to local radio stations, watching local TV stations, going to newswars.com, going to band.video and finding the articles and the videos that you think are most important and most informative.
  And sharing those at the grocery store and at church and to your neighbors and to your friends and saying, hey, here's what's banned.
  Here's what they don't want you to know about.
  That's changing the world and that brings hope into the world.
  And people that weren't ready to wake up years ago, they're ready to wake up now.
  That's why the globalists wanted to shut us down all these years.
  That's why they wanted to silence us all these years.
  Because they knew that once their system emerged, we would have massive credibility.
  And so they hope people forget about what we said.
  They hope they forget about all the warnings.
  But people aren't forgetting.
  People are remembering.
  And remember what Jonathan Gruber said six years ago about Obamacare, who he wrote Obamacare.
  He said, Obama chose me.
  Because I came up with the best plan to triple prices and rip everyone off.
  And I was the most deceptive person.
  And he said, thank God they don't have memories.
  Thank God they're so stupid.
  But you do have memories for baseball or movies or things you like.
  We'll start focusing on politics and the world and the globalists, not because you like them, but because you want to defeat them and remember what they've done and expose them and celebrate exposing them and celebrate the First Amendment and the free speech that veterans fought and died to defend.
  Because those veterans and our forebears didn't create those rights, but they fought and bled to enshrine them and to get them openly practiced.
  So that they would become part of our culture and so that freedom would not pass from the world and so that we would not be slaves.
  So I tell you again, exercise these freedoms or lose them forever and tell everyone you know about the fight for freedom that goes on here, now more important than ever at InfoWars!
  We're going to be true until the end.
  I'm not going to back down.
  I'm not going to compromise.
  And I'm asking you not to back down or compromise because compromising with this, submitting to this, is worse than living death.