Ladies and gentlemen, it's Sunday, December 6th, 2020.
  This is the Alex Jones Show, broadcasting live from the InfoWars World Headquarters in Austin, Texas.
  Sitting in studio for Alex today, I'm Owen Schroer.
  We will be hearing a special report from Alex coming up in the next segment.
  I've got big, special guests.
  Intelligence expert, insider, international expert, insider, Steve Pachenik is going to be joining me coming up in 30 minutes.
  And then Ali Alexander with the latest news developing on the Stop the Steal movement.
  And of course, he was front row at President Trump's rally last night as well, will be joining me in the third hour.
  A lot of important news to cover and little time to do it in between the guests.
  So let me try to combine two major election stories right now in this short segment before we have a special report from Alex on the other side.
  President Trump multiple times now has announced that he won the election.
  Of course, you probably realize that.
  Anybody with a free-thinking brain or observation skills
  Who has been paying attention knows that President Trump won the 2020 election, and if it wasn't for massive election fraud, voter fraud, and straight-up fake news, he would have been announced the winner on election night.
  But he's once again put out a statement saying, I won the election big on Twitter.
  Now here is the rub.
  Here is the interesting phenomenon.
  That you are witnessing right now that is illustrative of everything that's coming in the very near future.
  If we don't overthrow the fake results of a Biden victory, get Trump in for another four years and continue the America first platform, which values human freedom, rugged individualism, and empowers the individual
  More so than a governing body or a corporate government, which is where we're going, which is what this is all about.
  Now, when President Trump makes a statement on Twitter like, I won the election big, as he just did hours ago, Twitter puts up a statement that says, this claim about election fraud is disputed.
  Now, they won't put that up about any other claim.
  It's only when you say that Trump won or President Trump doesn't.
  You make any other claim, you can go on Twitter right now and say that Al Gore won the 20,
  2000 election or you could say that anything you wanted.
  You could say that Trump won New York.
  They wouldn't say anything about that.
  But if Trump says anything or if you say anything about Trump in Georgia or Arizona or Michigan or Pennsylvania, Twitter, YouTube, Facebook says no this is disputed.
  Now to be more specific and this is what it's really all about.
  Not just about Twitter deciding what's real or what's not, or just by its own osmosis, just declaring your leader to be Twitter or Facebook or YouTube.
  No, we decide who's won the elections.
  This is the notification they give you on YouTube.
  For example, last night you had over a quarter of a million people tuned in live to Right Side Broadcasting's stream of President Trump's rally.
  Consistently over a quarter of a million people.
  They also have their little notification here.
  It says, it's always under it.
  Under every Trump video.
  Under every right-side broadcasting video.
  U.S.
  elections.
  The AP has called the presidential race for Joe Biden.
  See more on Google.
  Now think about that.
  Oh, the AP?
  The AP decides
  The AP now decides who wins your election.
  Not the President of the United States.
  Not you, the people that voted.
  The AP decides.
  The AP announces.
  And then if you have any questions about that, they redirect you to Google.
  Why is this illustrative of everything that's to come?
  It's a corporate world government that uses mainstream media propaganda
  To indoctrinate you and propagandize you.
  So it doesn't matter what happened.
  It doesn't matter that Trump gets tens of thousands of people at his rallies.
  Nobody goes to Biden.
  It doesn't matter that Trump gets a quarter million people on live streams of his events.
  Nobody tunes into Biden.
  It doesn't matter that Trump got no votes.
  The AP and Google said Biden won.
  And they're your boss now.
  They're your daddy.
  Promo Code Patriot.
  At Checkout.
  At InfoWarsTore.com.
  And it funds the InfoWar.
  It's Sunday, December 6.
  Coming up on December 15th is a key date.
  That is when the Congress begins to try to certify the electors.
  And now, even CNN is admitting today that the Vice President is moving to contact the electors and have them not certify the election on December 15th because the investigation is just now having a chance to actually get to the videos and the eyewitnesses and thousands of affidavits.
  Hundreds of affidavits were signed in Georgia alone, witnessing election officials shutting down the election in the middle of the night, and then bringing in ballots in suitcases, and secretly recording the votes for Biden, which the graph showed, while claiming they weren't counting votes.
  So the same person who's staying behind now, the same person who cleared the place out under the pretense that we're going to stop counting, is the person who put the table there at 8.22 in the morning.
  Yeah, I saw four suitcases come out from underneath the table.
  That smoking gun in Atlanta alone, ladies and gentlemen, and it's duplicated all over Georgia, all over Pennsylvania.
  All over Michigan, all over places like Arizona.
  It's incredible if you watch these legislative hearings, the hard, cold proof.
  But the gaslighting media that told us that Trump was a Russian agent, and that Trump would be impeached, that Trump would be removed, and all those lies.
  They simply use the election as a smoke screen for their ballot stuffing.
  Not voter fraud, election fraud at the highest levels down to the election counting floors.
  You know, I called early on for a signature audit.
  Obviously, the Secretary of State, per the laws in the Constitution, would have to order that.
  He has not done that.
  I think it should be done.
  Especially with what we saw today, it raises more questions.
  There needs to be transparency on that.
  I would again call for that and I think in the next 24 hours hopefully we'll see a lot more from the hearings that the legislature had today and we'll be able to look and see what the next steps are.
  Trump has come out in a big Georgia speech last night to more than 40,000 people.
  They perpetrated the largest fraud in the history of our country.
  They've been thrown down the gauntlet and said, media, you keep laughing.
  I've raised $450 million to fight this lie.
  You're not going to be laughing in a couple weeks.
  You see the money these people have raised?
  I mean, it's really, it's very, well, of course, I just raised $250 million.
  I didn't raise it.
  I said, how are we doing on that front?
  You know, because we didn't get great publicity.
  Boy, they were so happy, these guys.
  You might not be happy in a few weeks, you know?
  You might not.
  No, they were so happy.
  Because they know these cases are strong.
  And of course, the Democrat courts below them are overruling Trump, just like they always did.
  But when it gets to the Supreme Court, if they follow the law,
  They will overturn Georgia, they will overturn Pennsylvania, they will overturn Michigan, Arizona, Nevada, and the evidence is pouring out in all these states that Trump won by a landslide.
  And we'll be going up to the Supreme Court very shortly, and we really, if we have...
  If we have courage and wisdom, I think you know what the answer is going to be.
  Because you can't let people get away with what they got away with.
  When they closed the polls that night and kept counting, he was 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 points ahead.
  That's again double and triple the leads he had before.
  He won most of those states by half a point or one point.
  I got more votes than any sitting president in history.
  11 million more votes than we got in 2016.
  And we thought that if we could get 68 million, 67 million, that would be the end.
  All of our great brilliant geniuses said you'd win if you get 67 or 68, it's over.
  We got 74 million plus and they're trying to convince us that we lost.
  We didn't lose.
  But magically, magically, they found all those ballots.
  So here's the good news.
  CNN's crapping itself.
  Their gas lighting's not working.
  They have polls out that 70-plus to 90-plus percent of Republicans don't believe Joe Biden really won.
  Some polls show up to half of Democrats not believing it.
  No one is buying this.
  Kamala couldn't poll at half the percentage points when she was running the Democratic primary.
  So this is such an exciting time.
  And Trump talked about, we're going to win.
  The evidence is going to come out.
  They cheated and they rigged our presidential election, but we will still win it.
  We will still win it.
  We'll still win it.
  So the deep state is in trouble.
  They've bet everything on this.
  They couldn't have Trump win by a landslide and repudiate their fraud and their Russia gate and their Ukraine gate and all the rest of it.
  So now they're putting a Chinese agent, a communist compromised agent, Joe Biden and his family in charge if they get away with it.
  But just because you come in somebody's house and steal their jewelry and are running out the back door with it doesn't mean it's yours.
  You can't ever accept when they steal and rake and rob.
  So we're never going to accept this fraud.
  We're never going to accept Joe Biden.
  And unlike the lies about Trump and Russia,
  We have the proof.
  And so, talking to a lot of people in the Trump campaign, in the White House, and patriots in U.S.
  intelligence, they've said day one, look, they knew this was coming.
  Trump signed an executive order two years ago to prepare and get the evidence, and now they are bringing it forward.
  It's been brought forward.
  It's mountains of evidence.
  It is incredible.
  We had about a month ago incredible crowds of people.
  They were angry as hell at the election and they showed up and it was incredible.
  Hundreds of thousands of people.
  So we simply have to continue to fight on and point out the censorship trying to suppress the truth of what we are laying out.
  And finally, before I turn this over on this live Sunday edition to Owen Schroer, Dr. Steve Pachinick with major breaking news on this December 6th Sunday broadcast, look at this story at InfoWars.com.
  George Soros taps former chairman of Smartmatic to become president of the Open Society Global Government U.N.
  Foundation.
  This guy used to head up major U.N.
  operations.
  He's a Brit.
  So just think about that.
  CNN said Soros isn't involved with Smartmatic or Dominion.
  Of course he is.
  Venezuela's not involved when it was started in Venezuela.
  It's like saying Hitler wasn't Austrian.
  So here it is, and it's on Soros' own Twitter bragging about this, and almost every tweet back, thousands of them.
  I read hundreds of them this morning, seriously, over an hour.
  Just tearing him up.
  So this is an amazing time to be alive.
  It's a sigh-off.
  It's a confidence game.
  Biden did not win.
  There's not an office of president-elect.
  He said he wouldn't concede until it had all been certified by the Electoral College and that hasn't happened and now Pence is moving to properly block it.
  Pelosi tried to get...
  The Democrats to block Trump, remember, four years ago, but they had no evidence.
  This time, we have evidence.
  And we're not giving up an inch and we're never backing down.
  So to everybody you know, tune in right now.
  History's happening.
  We have the evidence.
  We have the fraud.
  We have the proof.
  And we have Rod on our side.
  So if you believe, and if you spread the word, and if you discredit the corporate media and don't believe their lies,
  President Trump will be rightfully re-elected and certified on January 20th.
  And we've got so much evidence of fraud, it's incredible.
  That's why the Controlled Justice Department won't even look at it or touch it.
  No, we continue to fight.
  We've had some great moments.
  We just need...
  Somebody with courage to do what they have to do, because everyone knows it's wrong.
  We need somebody with courage, somebody that makes decisions.
  Even though they have all the video, the ballot stuffing, and the fraud and everything, because they've already doubled down and said there was no fraud during the election.
  A friend of mine said, oh, don't worry about it, sir.
  You're way up in the polls.
  You'll win in 2024.
  I said, I don't want to wait till 2024.
  I want to go back three weeks.
  This is a globalist attack on America, but if you pray to God and you take political action, and you're steadfast, we will win.
  Now back to Owen Schroer and the live transmission.
  Dr. Steve Puccinini with Key Intel, coming up.
  Our fight to drain the Washington swamp and reclaim America's destiny has just begun.
  We will not bend, we will not break, we will not yield.
  We will never give in, we will never give up, and we will never back down.
  We will never, ever surrender.
  Because we are Americans and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue.
  Welcome back to the Alex Jones Show.
  Owen Troyer sitting in studio.
  Dr. Steve Pachinik coming up in the next segment.
  You know, the information that we lay out here for you is so extreme.
  It's hard to properly even report on it without getting hysterical.
  And the fact that President Trump is basically alone, aside from Rudy Giuliani and a few others who are coming to his aid in defense of this election theft, that's really been happening in this country for a long, long time, is something that makes it even harder to properly relay and get people to understand this information.
  You can see when you get on to Google or YouTube or Twitter or Facebook, you can see how they say, oh no, Trump lost.
  No, we at Facebook declare Biden the winner.
  No, we at Google declare Biden the winner.
  No, we at Twitter say the AP decides who wins the U.S.
  Presidency.
  Not you, the people that voted.
  Not the Electoral College.
  They don't believe in any of that.
  Not even the President of the United States.
  They're bigger.
  They think they're bigger.
  And see, this is all about delegitimizing the office of the United States President.
  This is about delegitimizing the Commander-in-Chief, and then you put Biden in there to just certify the complete demoralization of the position, and now Google is in charge.
  Now YouTube is in charge.
  Facebook, social media, all these big corporations are in charge.
  All the corporations that can survive the fake pandemic, which is an economic weapon, now they're in charge.
  They tell you have to vaccinate.
  And so this is the giant transfer of power that's going worldwide.
  And it has to be successfully completed in the United States of America to be fully implemented worldwide.
  Otherwise, we the American people will still be over here sitting as a sovereign nation, refusing to buy into their globalism, and they can't have the entire world system collapse in the name of one world government with medical tyranny while the United States still thrives under self-government free market capitalism, which it inevitably would.
  And more people would continue to race here from other countries.
  That's been the story for about a hundred years now.
  So... Again, I can show you the... I mean, you can go see it.
  How Twitter says, nope, Trump is not allowed to say anything about the election.
  We say it's fraud.
  How on YouTube, any videos posted of President Trump say, the AP has called the President's race for Biden.
  See more on Google.
  So I can show you that and I can tell you, hey, this is the new system of power.
  This is the new implementation of power.
  This is the new corporate government.
  But I don't even think it's enough.
  I don't know how it sets home.
  How do people even understand this?
  Because it's so simple.
  You'd say, okay, it can't be that complex.
  It's too simple.
  No.
  It's a world corporate government.
  It's taking the power and the will and the destiny for the future from you and putting it in the hands of giant worldwide corporations who are in the process of stealing our election.
  And so they just say, no, the media declares who the winner is.
  And we're so deep into this propaganda that Trump has to sit here and say at his rallies, we need people of courage to do their jobs.
  Everybody knows the fraud happened.
  Everybody's seen the eyewitness reports.
  And so these committees now have a decision.
  The state legislatures now have a decision.
  The Supreme Court is going to have a decision.
  Are you going to go along with the propaganda that the AP and Google and Big Tech and corporations worldwide run our country, run our elections, and run our lives?
  Or are you going to side with the American people, refuse to certify this fraudulent election for Joe Biden, which will take an act of courage?
  Because again, that's going against the face of the entire system of propaganda.
  Something which probably most of these state legislators have never done, never thought they would have to do, couldn't even conceive the notion, and they're now faced with that decision.
  And of course it's easier for them at this point to just go along with the system of propaganda, just go along with the fake election, a lot less hassle for them.
  At least that's what they think, that's the understanding of the current culture and civilization wars that could change overnight.
  So, I don't know how else I can say it, I don't know how else we can get Americans to realize how dangerous this is, that corporate media and big tech companies now decide who our presidents are.
  And they just announce it, and they just put their propaganda up everywhere, and they censor the President of the United States, and they go directly against the President of the United States.
  Whether they like it or not, even if Trump did lose,
  This 2020 election, which he didn't, even if he did lose, he's still the President.
  They're censoring the President.
  They're saying that their corporate government has more value and more standing to make claims than the President of the United States.
  Now, the good news is Americans are awakened to this.
  The world is awakened to this.
  And so, there's rallies happening.
  I mean, it's like every day, but every weekend for sure.
  We were at a rally in Dallas yesterday with a huge turnout I spoke at.
  That full HD video from the whole rally is available at Band.Video.
  There were multiple rallies in Pennsylvania, rallies in California, where they just implemented a new shutdown curfew.
  So now again, Trump supporters go out in the streets, you know, 10 p.m., wave their flags.
  I've got all kinds of video of that.
  Maybe we'll have time to get to it.
  I mean, I saw rallies in Australia to stop this deal for President Trump.
  So the whole world is watching this.
  And I hope that President Trump is being facetious when he, actually, he just said it at a Christmas event today.
  He said, we're fighting for another four years, but if we don't get it, I'll be back and four years after that.
  I don't even like to hear him say that.
  Quite frankly, it's a little demoralizing.
  I almost don't even want to report that to you here, but he said it today at a Christmas event from the White House.
  But yes, this is going to come down to state legislatures now seeing the overwhelming evidence of the voter fraud and then making a decision to either make the right decision, which is to say this is clearly voter fraud, this nullifies these results, we're going to either have to tabulate the legal votes and make a decision, or just make a decision or call for a re-vote.
  And they don't want to do any of that.
  They would much rather go with the system of propaganda and say, no, Biden won, and then not get terrorized by the terrorist party of the Democrats.
  Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Steve Buchanan coming up.
  You know what?
  I didn't even plug here.
  That's my bad.
  I was supposed to plug here.
  Folks, we need your funds.
  We are organizing and activating and getting to all of these events in D.C.
  and Dallas, everywhere.
  It's not cheap to get the crew out there.
  So please, folks, go to Infowarsstore.com.
  Take advantage of the massive specials.
  In fact, is Cyber Week?
  Yes, Cyber Week is still live, ladies and gentlemen.
  This may be coming to an end tonight.
  Take advantage of Cyber Week at InfoWarsStore.com.
  Use coupon code, promo code PATRIOT at checkout.
  Enter PATRIOT at checkout to get an additional 10% off your order at InfoWarsStore.com.
  We're back live on the Alex Jones Show.
  Owen Schroer sitting in studio here from the InfoWars World Headquarters.
  Not
  In the liberal and sane asylum of California, not in the corrupted cesspool of New York City, but in Austin, Texas.
  Now, Dr. Steve Pachinick joins me now here for the remainder of this hour and hopefully beyond, and I want to put a frame of reference into this segment and beyond, and then have Dr. Steve Pachinick paint the picture within.
  First of all,
  You know, I don't have much faith in these state legislatures.
  I'm just gonna be honest.
  I don't have much faith in the Supreme Court.
  I'm not even sure how much faith I have in Donald Trump.
  But I have faith in God, and more so, I also have faith in the American people.
  And I have faith that if we believe we will win, and we consciously continue to fight until we win, and visualize our victory, then we will win!
  And we have God on our side, and we have all the facts and evidence on our side, but we have to have that will, we have to have that faith.
  Now, the reverse to that is, well you go around and you see the people wearing masks, you see the leftists that burn the American flags and stuff,
  We have to understand through a lens of reality, that's like being mad at a triple amputee war veteran for not being able to run a marathon.
  These people have been hit with psychological warfare weapons that have crippled their mind to unreturnable statuses, folks.
  And so, it's sad.
  When you see the triple amputee from war, that's a sad thing.
  That's who these lefties are.
  That's who these Democrat voters are from the mainstream media propaganda.
  Now, on the other side of this frame, and now Steve Pucinich will paint the picture within, we have, look, if I know the Democrats are about to steal the election,
  If millions of Americans know the Democrats are about to steal the election, then Donald Trump knows it.
  Donald Trump's people know it.
  His legal team know it.
  And they all knew it.
  They knew it all along.
  Now, did they set the proper...
  Infrastructure in place to catch the steal and then prosecute the steal.
  We're finding that out right now if people have the will to do it.
  But we catch them with the dead voters.
  We catch them stuffing the ballots.
  We catch them filling the ballots, voting multiple times.
  We catch them pulling out briefcases, clearing the polling places.
  I mean, the list goes on and on and on.
  Illegal mail-in ballots.
  Eyewitness saying we had fake mail-in ballots.
  Now, Dr. Steve Pachinik, I start off the question with this.
  If I know, and you know, and we talk about this, and many other people know, everything the Democrats are about to do to steal the 2020 election, surely President Trump knows it, surely people on his team know it, his legal team know it, and they had to know it just like we did, I would assume.
  So now that we have all the evidence, and the affidavits and all of it, and we've already had the election,
  Is there going to be enough evidence to overturn the minds and the hearts of the state legislatures, of the American people, that no matter what come hell or high water, President Trump will be re-inaugurated in January?
  What do you believe the current status is, Dr. Steve Pichinik?
  What I said a long time ago to you, and I've said it, this was a sting operation.
  I don't share the same view you do in terms of the left being amputees.
  I see them as ineffectual, corrupt individuals who have been in power for 30, 40 years and have destroyed us.
  Well, I'm not talking about the Nancy Pelosi's.
  I'm talking about the people that go out in the streets and like to spit on Trump supporters and stuff.
  I understand, but this is far more serious.
  It's what I said to you probably a month ago.
  We're running a sting operation out of Cyber Command.
  And this wasn't an accident.
  This was already pre-planned.
  When Trump came in, he did the national emergency order in 2019.
  The will and the power is there, as well as the forces.
  It's not an accident.
  I told you that we had cyber designations on every ballot, as well as every machine.
  We know where they are.
  We knew about Dominion.
  We knew about Smartmatics.
  We've already deployed
  Countless numbers of soldiers all over the United States.
  I think in Texas, if you look at Fort Hood and other places, you will see major deployment of American soldiers.
  We're not relying on local police.
  We're literally relying on our military to basically call out
  What the CIA and other secular institutions have been doing in terms of running this country.
  The corruption was well known by Trump.
  It was also known by many of us in the military intelligence and other areas way back in terms of Hillary Clinton.
  That's why she didn't come in and we're running now the sting operation that I told you about it.
  So, Trump is there to stay.
  He's not going anywhere.
  In the Georgia speech, he made it very clear there's no way he's leaving, there's no way he will allow any of this corruption to continue, and basically what he's doing is a revolution, and that's really what we're in.
  I don't want to call it a second civil war, but basically it is a state of emergency, so to speak, where Trump anticipated this, used our
  Great men and women in the intelligence community to preempt Biden and all the other people on the Democratic side.
  And I think Biden understands this.
  He may not always be the sharpest ball in and the sharpest mind around, but I think he has a pretty good idea that he's under indictment.
  His son is.
  And if anything is to come about, my suspicion is that Biden will resign as well his son because
  Either or or both might go to prison.
  My suspicion is Trump will remain.
  He will be a president for the next eight years.
  Biden will concede and somewhere there will be remuneration.
  That's only my suspicion.
  You said eight years.
  Was that intentional?
  Yes.
  It's not a Freudian slip.
  I don't believe in Freud.
  So is that based on the fact that for four years they've been sabotaging the Trump agenda with all their fraud?
  Is that how he would legitify four more years?
  Well, it's not just four more years of his administration.
  He would legitimize it simply because he came in understanding very well that he was there to become the best president we've ever had.
  That's one.
  They call that narcissism.
  That's healthy narcissism.
  Number two, he knew that he could not accomplish everything he wanted in the first four years.
  So he needs another four years, and he wants to position Pence and others in the Republican Party to have another four years beyond that.
  So what I'm talking about is not just another four years.
  In the past four years, I'm talking about another eight years.
  And that's exactly what he has in mind.
  Now, he knew there would be corruption.
  What he's done is no president in the United States has ever done this.
  Other than I think Eisenhower, who indicted the CIA by saying they were a legacy of ashes and they were a disaster.
  This is the first president in the 21st century to say, I will not allow any form of corruption to exist in our voting system.
  Simple as that.
  And I will remain in power.
  He utilized all the men and women in our intelligence community, in the White House, General Nakasone.
  General Keith Alexander, Boykin, Special Forces.
  I mean, these are names that I've told you about before, but they're quiet.
  These are the real heroes.
  And unfortunately, as Adam Curry said in one of his shows, he said, they're not going to televise the revolution.
  And that comes from an old song in 1971, as you know.
  But he understood that we had to break away from the main media.
  In other words, the New York Times, Washington Post, all of those, they're not relevant, except for the New York Post.
  That was ready to stand there.
  He also understood that he would control the Senate, he would control the House, and that basically, you're going to see a red revolution come about, where in fact, they say, they proclaim that Biden is the President-elect.
  Biden is nothing of that sort.
  Biden is just literally biding his time.
  In the last 60 seconds, let me follow up with a Biden comment you made and then let's get back into the sting operation in detail in the next segment.
  Biden and Hunter, Hunter and Joe Biden and James Biden actually, have all committed money fraud, international crimes.
  There's many people that know about this.
  Is there any will other than in Ukraine to prosecute them as criminals?
  I think there is a major will in the White House, which is far more important than anything else, to prosecute
  Both of them or possibly three of them, but I can't go into specifics of the prostitution.
  You would have to talk to someone who you can trust in the Department of Justice.
  I don't trust Barr and I don't trust Dunham.
  So I'm not getting into the specifics of that, but I will tell you they are within our sight in terms of military intelligence and other intelligence.
  So just, I mean quickly, it sounds like the only thing, the only institution Trump has on his side is the military.
  Is that accurate?
  Correct, but a certain portion of the military which... Beckham!
  Dr. Steve Pucinich is with us.
  He was going on there during the break, and so I want to let him finish up on the Biden crime family, and then we'll get into the 2020 election sting, as he's put it.
  We'll get into the details of that.
  Steve, I believe, I mean, I've seen it with my own eyes.
  I mean, there are millions of Americans that are so fed up
  With politicians selling our country out and betraying us for decades.
  The Bushes, the Clintons, Obama, I mean the list goes on and on.
  We know the names.
  And so I believe Trump has a will to have these people meet justice.
  I guess I'm asking you now then, what is the biggest obstacle to this?
  What is in the way and how do we clear those obstacles to finally get justice, including with the criminals that just tried to steal our election, Dr. Steve Pucinich?
  Tell that dogfight to calm down.
  Steve Pucinich does not run dogfighting rings.
  Basically,
  The problem that's in the way right now.
  See, that's what I'm telling you.
  Even the Pachinic dog is pissed off.
  He's in there.
  I can speak dog.
  He's saying, arrest Biden already.
  He's saying, lock them up.
  I feel your dog's pain, Steve.
  Believe me.
  I feel it.
  It's fine.
  Give the dog a platform.
  He said, lock him up.
  Listen, you can hear the dog.
  What's that, doggie?
  Lock them up.
  I can hear it.
  That's what he's saying.
  They're not going to arrest Biden per se, nor are they going to arrest Hunter.
  The point of fact is there will be a deal that will be made with the officials on the Trump side.
  The real problem that's hindering all of this is the question of time and belief.
  It's taking a lot of time only because
  We're talking about years and years of corruption.
  This isn't just the past four years.
  We're also talking about the intrusion of another President Obama who came in here, and as I said years ago, and I was penalized for it, he is a CIA operative.
  He is totally a liar, pathological liar.
  There's nothing about him that's African American or concerned about the African Americans.
  He's so pathetic that when he went to Occidental College in Los Angeles, he didn't write about it.
  And instead, he said he went to Columbia.
  Yet Occidental College says he's the best alumnus they have.
  So the internal lies, the internal conflicts, they're coming out very quickly.
  And what we're working on is the notion, as I've said to Alex and you before, is within the system, particularly among Democrats and Republicans, politicians make trade-offs.
  In that trade-off, part of their own personality of narcissism is involved.
  But at the same time, the more power and the more narcissism they use, the easier it is for people like myself and others in the cyber community and the intelligence community to allow them to self-destruct.
  So what Trump is doing, even though it's not splayed out in the mainline media, he had a brilliant hour and a half
  Monologue basically on the amount of corruption that exists in this country for so many decades and it was in Georgia.
  But nevertheless, social media picked it up and we were able to mainstream it in alternative channels.
  So you, Owen and Alex, have become one of those major channels.
  So we have changed literally the way we express the narrative.
  It's no longer in print or even on the Twitter.
  It's literally on social media.
  Be it important that Trump, and people have to understand this, Trump came in four years ago using Twitter.
  He wasn't just using his mouth and a narrative or a piece of paper.
  He was cuing in to other people who didn't really get it, particularly the Democrats and other Republicans who failed, like Mitt Romney, that he is in the 21st century and he's going to act accordingly.
  So he is the first president
  To use a social media on a continuous basis, 24-7.
  So if you really want to understand what Trump is doing, you've got to go on Twitter and you've got to see how much output he does in a 24-hour day.
  Now compared to Trump and Biden, you're talking about Biden with
  Two histories of aneurysms, mental deficiency, psychological deficiencies.
  By the way, what do you think?
  They're claiming he has a fractured ankle or whatever.
  He tried to chase his dog.
  He gets out of the shower, he's chasing, he's grabbing his dog's tail.
  I've never heard of such a thing from a 77 year old man.
  Do you believe that?
  What is up with that?
  Because by the way, he did say that he would fake an illness.
  For some Obama agenda, he said, oh, I'll just fake an illness and step aside.
  So, I mean, he's admitted he'll fake an illness, so is he faking this injury?
  I mean, what's the Biden dog story?
  Well, you know, it's the old dog story.
  I have no idea where the... You know, I've said to Alex, perhaps they already have a bracelet on him, meaning that we know exactly where he is and where he's going.
  The old GPS flight risk tracker?
  That's correct.
  And that's one of the ways we would keep a tab on him.
  Listen, Biden understands from the day he came in 47 years ago, he stated very clearly in a video which you guys can access.
  I know I can be corrupt and I am corrupt.
  And that is the nature of politics.
  I didn't make it up.
  He knew historically he's been a corrupt politician.
  In that fashion, he's almost been one of the most transparent politicians of all time.
  I mean, he goes on TV at the Council of Foreign Relations and says, yeah, I bribed the Ukraines to get my son millions.
  Yeah, I did it.
  His son calls people up.
  He's like, I'm friends with the richest Chinese in the world.
  Where is he?
  I'm making deals with him.
  I want my billions.
  I mean, so it's like it's all out there.
  But that brings me back.
  So like you were saying at the beginning, though,
  So, what kind of a deal?
  I mean, Biden is caught in all of these crimes.
  I mean, we've seen the emails, 10% for the big guy.
  I mean, this has been going on for decades.
  Pelosi's daughter is implicated.
  Schumer's family is implicated.
  All these Democrats.
  Republicans as well.
  They're all implicated.
  So, what kind of deal?
  I mean, I feel that Trump's already offered them the deal, like, look, just walk away.
  Just ride off into the sunset.
  Let me be the president.
  And they always refuse that deal.
  I mean, what level are they at now?
  Where's the bargain?
  Where's the negotiation?
  I'm not privy to what he's saying in terms of negotiation.
  I am privy to one factor, and this you can take as it is.
  One of my neighbors here in northern Florida happens to be involved with increasing the number of fencing and the amount of guards and gates you have in a prison.
  A year ago, he went down to Guantanamo in Cuba and doubled the size of Guantanamo.
  So I leave it to your imagination and your audiences to understand what will happen to various individuals as we deploy military soldiers all over the country and we're already rounding up hundreds of people for pedophilia.
  Now that is also in conjunction with what's going on because there was a huge amount
  Of pedophilia, sexual perversion and trafficking that was going on under the Biden, the Obama, the Clintons and those administrations.
  So we have a potpourri of different indictments here.
  I'm not a lawyer.
  I don't want to pretend to be a lawyer, but I don't even get involved on the legal part at the local level.
  I could say if I were Biden, I'd concede very early on to say, OK, I'll play my role.
  I'll get Kamala Harris to work with me.
  And basically, if I understand correctly, I, Biden, then I will play the role and assign all of my former Obama officials as potential candidates for another administration which will never exist.
  So you got a bit of the theater of the absurd there, but it has to be played out, because Trump said repeatedly, even though mainstream media doesn't pick it up, that it has taken years to point out how much corruption has gone on, and he wants to show that corruption at every level of politics, from the governor, to the local officials, to the
  Congressman and Senators.
  So we're going to have a much larger indictment than people think about.
  And it's the Romneys and the others who've been involved with Bain Capital.
  Well, what was Bain Capital?
  Nothing more than a corrupt institution created by Mitt Romney and Bibi when they came out of MIT Business School and it was funded by Latin American scoundrels.
  And what was
  The voting machine, Dominion, was created by free Venezuelans and then manipulated by the CIA.
  So you have a theater of the absurd here that Trump has to deal with and take apart piece by piece.
  How arrogant are they in the last 30 seconds here?
  I mean, how arrogant are they?
  Dominion?
  Like they're claiming dominion over us.
  Well, my point is they're exceedingly arrogant.
  The nature of elitism in both the Republican and Democrats is the notion, I can never be caught and I can do whatever I want, irrespective of the constraints.
  That's the nature of malignant narcissism, where the psychiatrist said Trump had it.
  In fact, it's really Biden and the entire institution of politics in the United States.
  And that's what Trump is showing.
  And the psychiatrists gave Biden all of those dynamics to accuse Trump of what I accuse Biden of being senile.
  Now they're using it- Alright, we're going to a break now.
  Don't go anywhere.
  Alright, we've got a couple more segments with Dr. Steve Pichinik.
  If you were going to run a sting operation on election fraud, well you would let-
  The criminals engage in all their election fraud with the dead voters.
  You would let them stuff the voting machines so that you would get voter turnout higher than any other election ever so that when you audit that you can find that information out.
  You would allow them the use of mail-in ballots so that when you audit the mail-in ballot you could find the counterfeit mail-in ballots and then do the forensic analysis, data analysis, finding out they were all
  For Joe Biden, you would film it, you would have dozens of poll watchers, which they did, and so it all ran successfully, and we all saw it.
  Now, we're waiting to see justice happen, and so Dr. Steve Pucinich reported this on The War Room with me probably about a month ago, and Steve, you know, you said this the other day on Alex Jones, but
  That interview went totally worldwide.
  It also went viral in China as well.
  The Chinese people are watching us, hoping we can save these elections as well.
  You would also monitor the election electronic data on the machines, which are connected to the internet.
  Dominion lied about that.
  So all that information can be cyber-analyzed, and then you collect it when it goes through Frankfurt, Germany.
  So this is all on record, Steve.
  So in this segment and the next, talk about this process.
  If you're running this process from a military perspective,
  How you launch it, how you let it happen, and then how, on the back end, you prove it all so that you have a case in court, and then also maybe tie it into this runoff election in Georgia, which they're obviously going to be monitoring, where if you have a huge Republican turnout and these Republican Senate candidates win by, you know, 20 percent, well, oh my gosh, there's your smoking gun after everything else.
  It's like, okay, clearly everything else was fraudulent before this.
  Dr. Steve Pucinich, explain how this would go down.
  Well, what happens in a sting operation like this is, number one, time is something you control.
  In other words, what we're really doing is something I've done in the past in other situations, in the Soviet Union, in Panama, Cambodia.
  And what I was privileged to become or be within this scenario was the messenger of a regime change.
  The irony is not that Trump would be taken out of power, but in fact, the converse would occur.
  So Trump really set up the operation in a way that America could see for the first time the density and thickness of the corruption we had all the way from the top to the bottom.
  Biden knew this.
  It wasn't a surprise to him.
  And the more that came out, and Trump said it in the speech, look,
  He said they even told, they being the Democrats, told Biden not to do anything.
  Just stay in the basement, do whatever you do, and we have won the election.
  That was in the Georgia speech.
  You don't see it in mainstream news.
  The converse is that what happens is you get some idiot like Cuomo on television to say that Trump is delusional.
  Thank you.
  Agitation propaganda.
  And what Trump was doing with the Twitter, and I'm going to be technical now, was really agitating all the components within the corruption system.
  So Republicans, Democrats, local officials, senators, congressmen, all of them on our notice, including people in his own team.
  William Barr, Dunham, and others.
  And I've said for a long time, Barr has a very
  Unscrupulous background.
  He was a D.I., an analyst, a D.D.O., a C.I.A.
  for seven years in the C.I.A.
  and he becomes Attorney General under Bush who's C.I.A.
  and then
  Allowed the Iran Contra to be free and sanctioned the invasion of Panama, which I was involved with.
  In other words, he is exposing everything, including his own cabinet, to allow the American public a historical revolution that we've never had before using social media.
  All right, I'm going to stop you right there.
  Short break here.
  60-second break here.
  And we're going to come back and conclude with Dr. Steve Buczynik.
  Don't go anywhere.
  Alright, we're back here.
  Dr. Steve Pachinick is experienced, we'll say, an expert in regime change and so I want to put out my notion of what he's talking about here and then let him finish this segment.
  The regime change that we're dealing with here, it's confusing because it's not about
  Trump is the president.
  The deep state regime is still in power.
  The deep state regime is still running the Department of Justice, the FBI, the CIA, the mainstream news, and our elections.
  Trump is exposing all of this with the military at his back.
  We're good to go.
  So you run, so get back to where you left off about the regime change happening.
  Explain how it's the regime change of putting, with Trump at the head, of just America first, American patriots, you know, people that aren't bought and paid for by foreign entities out of China or other communist areas.
  We're good.
  Front of information to say, okay, here's who the traitors are, here's who in the deep state, here's who's compromised, and then you could only at that point use the military to do it because you've learned now every other element, every other institution of our government has been totally compromised.
  Steve Paget, get back to explaining that and get into the sting operation that the military has run right now to catch the Democrats stealing the election for Joe Biden.
  Let's understand that this is not just the Democrats.
  It involves all politicians at all levels.
  And what Trump is doing is, number one, kind of in the regime change, what he's doing is changing the regime of the way we do politics and the corruption that was inherent, both the Democratic and Republican sides.
  When he came in and it took a businessman like Trump to do it, who had a history of not saying the things that people wanted to hear, but doing the things they could not do.
  And that's what I was explaining before for over a couple of years.
  Don't, Trump can say whatever he wants, but you have to look at the outcome of Trump's initiatives.
  He built 42nd Street.
  He did Fifth Avenue.
  He did casinos in New Jersey.
  He did a skating rink in New York for the kids.
  He has been the most intimate president I have ever thought about for the past 40, 50 years.
  He's far closer to the American public with his speeches and rallies than any other president I've ever seen.
  Nixon was aloof.
  Carter was uncertain.
  Reagan was totally aloof, not really all that
  Prominent with the individual.
  Bush Senior had a problem dealing with people in general.
  And here you have a president who really says, listen, I'm going to tell you what the truth is.
  And by the way, I enjoy what you do.
  And let's have some fun while we're doing it.
  That's the nature of the overall scheme in which he's delivering probably the most lethal blow we've ever had against the corrupt system.
  So it's encompassed within humor, self-deprecation, the notion that he's there as a teacher, pedagogy, and at the same time knowing how to use the spear of the military to use it selectively and surgically.
  In some ways, this is a payback to the CIA and all the civilians who sent thousands and hundreds of thousands of us men and women into Vietnam, Cambodia, Iraq, Afghanistan, to fight wars we didn't need to fight.
  And what was important to me, as a person who was in the regime change business, was listening to the first things Trump said.
  And this was the first president other than Eisenhower who said the following, there will be no more wars.
  Not only there will be no more wars, I'm going to take my soldiers out of Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, and this is what people like myself who've been involved in the regime change, who've been involved with the military intelligence, have said repeatedly, we don't need our boys as sacrificial lambs overseas for nonsensical
  Cowards, like Cheney, who refused to serve our country 11 times.
  Bush Jr., a chicken hawk, who never served our country, including his father, Bush Sr., who lied about the fact that he was shot down.
  He didn't shot down, he was a coward.
  He evicted from a plane.
  The Clintons, who never served.
  Obama, who never served, other than working with the CIA.
  Brennan, an idiot from Fordham University who has the audacity to talk about a president when he himself has messed up an analytical solution.
  He's been paid off by the CIA and the military-industrial complex as a complete moron and was made a DCI.
  This was typical of the stupidity of the CIA.
  You had Gina Haspel, a woman who had compromised herself, terrorizing and torturing
  So-called prisoners of war then on top of that you had the Cold War.
  I mean we can analyze Democrat Party politics Republican Party politics
  mainstream news and reporting of all this, but you're talking about something behind all of these walls.
  We're talking about a Cold War where it's the CIA, it's the FBI, it's all these corrupt federal institutions that sent our soldiers to war fictitiously for fake news.
  Oh, weapons of mass destruction.
  Oh, 9-11.
  All the other lies we've been told.
  You know, Vietnam.
  So it's been for decades even.
  For decades it's been going on.
  And so now it's the military with the proper people in head
  I guess saying, you know what, you guys did this to us, you did this to the American soldiers, now we're going to do this to you, and you're going to be exposed as the bad guys.
  Because, you know, that's another angle.
  Whenever people talk about this, they always want to blame the military.
  It's not their fault.
  The people in the military aren't the ones that organize these things.
  Right.
  You hit it on the head.
  So, I mean, it's exactly what I've been saying, and these are brave men and women
  Who are in the military, they've had all kinds of command, overseas command, domestic command.
  But this is the first time we have a series of generals and individuals who are both scholars and warriors.
  Keith Alexander, the head of NASA and then was head of
  G2 Army, four degrees.
  I have other ones who are colonels.
  They have two degrees in software.
  I have with almost every military officer I dealt with, I'm dealing with an intellect and a soldier.
  And in a way, I was kind of their spokesperson because they knew I did not want anything from my service to the country.
  I was trained in the intelligence world.
  I was trained at MIT by DARPA and ironically by the CIA, but I never joined the CIA.
  And for years, the reason why I never joined is because my loyalty was to the Republic, not to individuals, not to a military, not to a secret society.
  But when 9-11 came in, all of the officers with whom I worked with, they began to see the problem that they had and how they were being abused and used for the service of chicken hawks.
  Literally.
  So let me ask you this, is the final goal here, we only have 60 seconds, is the final goal here to reform these institutions or do they have basically a watch, a timer on them right now that's ticking down?
  That's a timer and eventually they will be reformed or eliminated.
  We do not need millions of people in the federal government.
  Trump was clear about that and we'll see what happens.
  But there will be a major diminution in terms of the number of federal employees that we have and the number of institutions.
  But thanks to you and Alex, we were able to develop an alternative way to express this
  In revolution because we could never have done it in the mainstream and now we're considered.
  I was going to say that exact same thing.
  That's incredible that we finish off with that on the same frequency.
  I was going to say, well, thank God for this audience for keeping us on air, folks.
  I mean, seriously.
  I really thank them very well, and remember this is a Judeo-Christian world, and we need a lot of Christianity.
  Thank you, Dr. Steve Patinek.
  Thank you.
  God bless you.
  Will you please wear one?
  Excuse me?
  Will you please wear a mask?
  No.
  Please.
  No.
  For the sake of other people, please wear one.
  Please, I'm begging you.
  Please.
  There's some big breaking news on this Sunday night.
  Footage has gone viral from last night's huge Trump rally in Georgia.
  They're calling him a soy boy, a virtue signaler, begging and pleading for the people going in to wear their masks.
  They're not buying into the hoax.
  Despite the fact that all the studies show the masks do next to nothing.
  They just passed a regulation in Florida where with the PCR test, they're not allowed to turn it up 20, 30, 40 times to where they're getting false positives without putting on the readout that it's a false positive.
  So this overblown COVID hoax is in deep trouble.
  But here's what I want to say to the soy boy.
  I know you're not a soy boy.
  You're a globalist operative and you know damn well what your mission is.
  World government.
  Here's the key right here.
  It's on Infowars.com.
  It's got the links to the United Nations themselves that have run this global lockdown that is now triggering millions have already starved to death.
  Hundreds of millions were set to starve and now the UN says
  That hundreds of millions will starve to death because of the lockdowns, because of the chain reaction, because of the loss of tourism, because of the fact that places like Africa, most of their business is exporting agricultural products.
  Listen to this article.
  COVID pandemic measures could push people, over a billion people worldwide, into extreme poverty.
  UN admits 200 million, 207 million, could be driven into extreme poverty and could starve to death.
  In the next decade.
  This is the chain reaction.
  This is the reality.
  But Klaus Schwab at the Davos Group says it's about depopulation.
  He says it's about lowering the carbon footprint.
  So now when you see one, PLEASE!
  PLEASE!
  WAIT A MINUTE!
  SAVE PEOPLE!
  This is all about collapsing the economy.
  And the leftists know it.
  They want full control.
  It's mega banks.
  Billionaires that pay no taxes, that have huge private jets and huge palatial mansions, who are locking us down under total siege.
  And the fact that you go to a Trump rally now and nobody's wearing a mask shows the huge awakening that's happening.
  96% of the PSA tests are fake.
  German court ruled it.
  Portuguese court just ruled it.
  And now, huge reports at Van.Video, before we play this clip, that Wolfgang Wudarg, the head of the EU Medical Commission, came out and looked at the
  RNA vaccines coming out right now being approved in the UK.
  And they attack women's placentas so you can't have children.
  And that's the one Bill Gates wants us all to take.
  Wow.
  So now you see him going, please stay in the fear.
  Please never come out of your house again and get into debt and let us shut down your local business.
  Please.
  Remember, they're asking you to bow down while Walmart and Apple and Google and Amazon all stay open and all make record profits.
  They're just begging you, please be a prisoner.
  Please take an ID on your phone.
  Please buy into our crap.
  And if you do that, Bill Gates said, oh, this was just a drill on Colbert six months ago.
  He said, a real biotech's coming.
  They want to train you to lock down so they can kill you in your houses.
  So now that we've covered the facts that this is going to kill hundreds of millions of people over the next nine years, let's hear Soy Boy in a new light where he virtue signals.
  It's more than him just being a hero and being safe.
  It's about him exercising his will.
  He's a savage operative, and I suggest we realize that.
  You guys got masks?
  No.
  Why not?
  Because I don't need it.
  Why, do you need it?
  Yeah, you should wear one because there's a global pandemic going on.
  Is there?
  Yeah.
  Well, you've got yours.
  I got mine on.
  Yeah, I'm trying to be safe.
  Okay, thanks.
  But you could infect somebody else and they could get sick.
  Why don't you leave them alone?
  Will you please wear one?
  Excuse me?
  Will you please wear a mask?
  No.
  Please.
  No.
  For the sake of other people, please wear one.
  Please, I'm begging you, please.
  Post-commentary addendum.
  It is the left that doesn't want to have border controls and checks for real things like tuberculosis that killed 1.2 million Americans, according to the CDC, in the year 2019.
  They're the same ones that say there's too many people and want a virus to come back and depopulate the earth.
  They're the ones like Bill Maher that say they want suicide and forced sterilization and the euthanasia of old people.
  But suddenly they care so much about us and want us to stay locked in our houses so the big mega banks and big box stores can take over society.
  They're not the left.
  They're not liberals.
  They're conformist operatives of the system.
  They're PR men and women out there selling us the idea of rolling over and dying and giving up on our own futures so they can piratically take it over.
  And the good news is humanity isn't buying it.
  And I'm very proud of Trump supporters seeing right through it and calling this piece of leftist garbage out there virtue signaling out for what he did.
  This is the new form of war.
  Having us run into our houses and never come out.
  Believing chicken little and the collapse of the sky while they take over.
  Well guess what?
  Your leftist Milgram experiment
  Your Stanford research experiment, your mass stockroom program may have worked on your own people, but it's not working on us, scum.
  It's not working on InfoWars.com and Banned.Video.
  Now go get this report at Banned.Video and share it, and force it on the throats of the soy boys, the ones who wear gags, like the Islamists want their women to wear burkas as a sign of our submission.
  We will never submit to you trash.
  Thank you, Alex.
  My goodness, what was
  That a guy begging on his knees for Trump supporters to wear masks.
  Hey, bro, you got your mask on, man.
  So you should be good.
  If you're that scared, walk around in a hazmat suit.
  What happened to Americans, man?
  You know, I kind of want to talk about this vision I had last night.
  But you know what?
  I really don't have the time.
  But it's just funny how
  Progressives are actually regressive, and the total progression of society for human freedom, for individual liberty, is the Wild West.
  It is every American with a gun on his hip.
  It is every woman with a roof over her head.
  That's the full progression
  Of free market capitalism and individual liberty self-government defined.
  That's the ultimate conclusion and notice we got there and immediately communism came in to start ruining it for us.
  You know there's a perfect example of this from the New Yorker magazine where in 1957 the cover was a man and a woman married buying their first home with a dog and two kids in a big yard.
  Now it's a single woman in her dirty, disgusting apartment drinking wine with pills on the table and five cats.
  That's modern-day liberalism.
  That's modern-day progressives, which is actually regressive from human individual liberty.
  Now, I already spoke too much here, folks.
  I should have been plugging.
  I barely plugged today.
  We need to pay the bills around here.
  And honestly, we've probably worked the crew harder
  In the last three months than ever here at InfoWars.
  And that's saying a lot.
  Now, you see my face every day.
  I'm working seven days a week.
  I can prove that.
  You see my face every day on the videos at BannedOutVideo.
  You see me at the rallies.
  You see me on air six days a week.
  I'm not the only one here that works every day.
  I'm not the only one here that commits my life to this.
  We have an entire crew of people that does it.
  And folks, please go to InfoWarStore.com because I want to give this crew the biggest bonus they've ever had.
  But we're tight.
  We're tight because we just keep putting the funds into the InfoWar and our crew is so dedicated they never demand bonuses anyway.
  But folks, you need the products.
  You need the air filters.
  You need the water filters.
  You need the storable food.
  And by the way, all storable food and water supplies at Infowarsstore.com.
  10% off.
  Plus 10% off your entire purchase with coupon code PATRIOT at checkout at Infowarsstore.com.
  We're back here live from the InfoWars World Headquarters in Austin, Texas.
  It's the Alex Jones Show.
  I'm sitting in the desk for Alex today.
  Ali Alexander has been one of the busiest men trying to stop this steal.
  He was front row at the Trump rally last night.
  I don't even think he would deny.
  He was hamming it up for the cameras a little bit.
  But hey, your front row at a Trump rally, that's pretty much like being floor seats at the Lakers in the NBA Finals.
  So I can't blame him for that.
  It's incredible though, Ali.
  I saw you just put this on Twitter and we'll get to the latest information on where we stand right now with stopping the steal.
  But you know, isn't it funny?
  I have noticed the pickup of hit pieces on you lately, specifically from the fake news CNN, the filth of the mainstream media CNN, the Communist News Network, the Clown News Network.
  They run hit pieces on you, but it's funny, all these news organizations, whether it's myself or Alex Jones or any of us here fighting for America, fighting for human freedom, they love writing hit pieces on us, but
  Ali, they never ask us for comments.
  They never invite us onto any of their shows, look for quotes, or do any research.
  They just publish what they think about us as fact, and then really it's libelous, quite frankly, but those laws are hard to win in court.
  So talk about the attacks that have ramped up on you because you're trying to fight this election theft, and then let's get into where it stands right now.
  Well, it's hard to keep track of all of the hit pieces.
  I don't have myself on Google Alerts.
  We don't have a communications director.
  I don't have a publicist.
  You know, we're about putting bodies in the streets in these six key states and then all 50 states on Saturday at noon.
  And we've done D.C.
  once.
  We're going to do D.C.
  again December 12th on the National Mall, not Freedom Plaza.
  But, you know, I've seen clips of three different segments where CNN has ran hit pieces on me.
  Nobody can make heads or tails of it.
  You know, the New York Times and the Washington Post have reached out and they want to do pieces and, you know, I'm just not really interested in it.
  We're talking to more people using InfoWars, OANN, Newsmax, Epoch Times, NTD, TV, and right-side broadcasting than all of the fake news media.
  I think the flippening is here, okay?
  I've been waiting for this moment for years.
  And thank God it coincides with a Liberty Patriot movement to stop the steal.
  Yeah, we're totally kicking their ass culturally right now.
  I mean, just look at the rally turnouts that we're getting.
  Every day there's rallies in every state of America, bigger than any Biden rally I've ever seen.
  So, I mean, that's a total victory for us.
  But let's talk about, and by the way, that's done without any establishment, anything.
  No promotions, no social media, none of it.
  It's all completely centered off that.
  But still having those victories.
  But, Ali, where do we stand right now?
  We've had five hearings already.
  Next week we're going to have a hearing in Wisconsin.
  All the evidence, no evidence, all the evidence, 10,000 plus affidavits, eyewitness testimony, 30 plus hours of it, and that's only, that's just in front of the committees.
  They've done side testimony as well with another like 30 hours of that.
  I mean, I can't even keep up with it.
  There's so much of it, but they say no evidence.
  I'm drowning in voter fraud evidence.
  But so the state legislatures have seen it.
  The Supreme Court has seen it.
  It looks like the decision may come down to them, or at least it's going to, whether that ends up being the final level or not.
  But where does it stand right now in your view, Ali Alexander?
  Well, I'm a little punch drunk, you know, I'm so tired.
  But what I can tell you is that in Pennsylvania and Arizona and Georgia, well look here, it doesn't look like we're going to get special sessions called by governors, be it Democrat governors,
  Okay.
  To select electors, we believe that you don't actually need to be called by the governor, not for this.
  You might need a special session called by a governor to pass some bill about pork or some bill about fences or something, but not to exercise your constitutional authority.
  So we're contending that if a quorum of the state legislative body meets and they say, these are the electors,
  As long as it's recorded according to Robert's Rules of Order, then those are the electors.
  And there's a process for determining which slate actually gets to vote in the Electoral College on December 14th and all of that.
  And it's very powerful because Mike Pence would play a role in choosing the slate.
  So in my view, what's happening behind the scenes is we're aggressively lobbying the state legislators, the brave men in Arizona, the brave men in
  We're good to go.
  And then these constitutional irregular sessions to select electors.
  Well, and just to put this in layman's terms, because political science can be, as you said, mundane or confusing, basically
  It first goes to the state legislatures to decide, are we going to certify or send the electors to certify the results that we currently are having or reporting, which would be, let's say, in Georgia or Pennsylvania or Michigan for Biden.
  And so that's why this eyewitness testimony is so key, because it lays out, look, you can't certify this for Biden.
  Look at all the fraud.
  Look at all the criminal activity.
  I mean, even just by law,
  See, this is what's so frustrating.
  By law, in Georgia and Pennsylvania and Michigan, I'd have to do a little bit more deep research, I didn't hear it get brought up by Trump's legal team, but by law, in those three states, the vote is null and void in multiple counties where they didn't allow poll watchers.
  That's illegal!
  Every single vote that was counted without a poll watcher is 100% illegal.
  But that's the trick though, the state legislatures
  Are really, I mean, it's like, do they want to go against this fraudulent election that they've seen all the evidence of?
  Or do they want to go with the establishment?
  Do they want to go with the corruption, go with the fraud because it's more comfortable?
  I mean, that seems to be where we're at right now.
  Right.
  And here's the question.
  I'm just going to tell everybody I'm going to blow the rape whistle on the Republicans.
  And that is that if they can get.
  Basically, you know, 60 percent, 70 percent of Republicans to
  If they can stop their feet but take no action, and they can do that in all six states, then there are no primary wins.
  Because how can you possibly primary and win at a majority of the state level?
  You're talking about hundreds of hundreds of seats.
  You can't.
  And so what we're doing at Stop the Steal and what InfoWars has done is spotlighted the brave men and made them heroes and women.
  And then tackled the really, really bad ones.
  But let's not forget, the majority of them haven't released a statement either way.
  And so that's what we need to concentrate on.
  We need to concentrate on calling a caucus meeting.
  A caucus meeting is a meeting of just the party.
  So if all of the state reps to a Republican in Pennsylvania meet and then they pass a resolution in their caucus that we want a special session,
  Then if the Speaker or the Senate President doesn't do that, then they can impeach him within the caucus.
  They can say, okay, well, we want to impeach you and we'll team up with the Democrats to impeach you.
  So that's what's happening right now.
  The Republicans are running out the clock on you, on me, our vote, and our beloved President.
  Yeah, and you know, because we know that Republicans can be just as corrupt as Democrats, maybe not so bad in this current time, but it just makes you wonder, right?
  It makes you wonder, oh, are they not being told, hey, just go along with this and don't worry, our smartmatic Dominion voting machines will ensure you'll be elected again.
  Something very bizarre is happening.
  It's something that defies math, it's something that defies
  You know, at the end of the day, you have to say, well, that's coupled with the coincidence that Republicans don't lose a single House seat, that we are allowed to keep Susan Collins' seat, Tom Tillis' seat.
  Polling said we were losing those, and I didn't believe the polling with Tom Tillis.
  But it's strange.
  It's like, we'll protect all incumbents.
  And let's say, you know, you're like, Ali, Owen, that means they're in on it.
  No, it's like if you had two basketball teams and one team, every member is a head taller than the other team, but then the average height said that the shorter team was taller.
  You'd be like, what?
  I can see one team taller.
  Ali Alexander, thank you so much.
  We'll see you in D.C.
  next weekend.
  This is the final segment of the Alex Jones Show.
  It's been an honor sitting in for Alex today.
  Of course, he will be back tomorrow hosting the Alex Jones Show.
  I have all these videos that I'm just not going to be able to get to because I'm going to do a news blitz here of the Patriot uprising that's happening right now.
  There seems to be a turning of the tide when the left, BLM, Antifa, whatever, used to go out and own the streets, our streets, our streets.
  Not so much anymore.
  In fact, BLM and Antifa are showing up at Trump events and, well, quite frankly, they're just getting their asses kicked.
  And so this is happening across the nation.
  And so it's just a sign of the turning of the tide, but I don't have time to air all these videos from this weekend.
  So I'm gonna have to do that tomorrow on The War Room.
  But before I get to this other news, and sign off, and Harrison Smith hosting Sunday Night Live for me, I normally host, but sitting in for Alex Jones today.
  Yeah, there's just some of the examples.
  In fact, there's one clip, I can't wait to play this tomorrow.
  There's one clip where this scrawny chicken neck Antifa
  This is in the wrong place at the wrong time.
  And a woman beats his ass.
  I'm not kidding you.
  A woman, full mount, beating an Antifa commie's face in.
  Do we have it?
  There it is right there!
  Look at this!
  She took on two of them!
  Seriously, it was a female that took on two of them.
  There she is on the right there.
  And then you can see the two Antifa commies getting up.
  She full-mounted two of them.
  Look at that!
  It's like in the movie 300, when the guy comes and says something about how women can't fight or whatever, and the guy's like, you don't know Spartan women.
  It's like, the patriotic women out there can kick the average Antifa commie's ass.
  I mean, what do you expect?
  I mean, their arms are like, you know, string beans or something.
  So, I just... I see an American woman on a full mount, verse 2 Antifa commies, and actually kicking their ass that they have to get up and run away.
  You know, let that be a lesson.
  Let that be an illustration to the left of what you're asking for.
  That's what our women can do to you.
  So, you know, if you want to come out in D.C.
  next weekend, just get ready.
  It's gonna be the same old.
  But look, this woman is just whooping their ass, man.
  I mean, I tell ya.
  Woo!
  That's good.
  I don't know what it is, man.
  I don't know why there aren't more men standing up against this, but, uh...
  You know, I think what it is is that the culture has made it men believe that being some cuck libtard is like what women actually want.
  That's all fake news.
  As soon as men realize that women want a strong man, women want a tough guy, women want a patriot, the whole thing will change overnight.
  But I'm digressing.
  I'm going to get to this news.
  Folks, I cannot implore you enough.
  Take advantage of Cyber Week sales right now happening at Infowarsstore.com.
  Final hours.
  We did a whole Cyber Week.
  Other people do Cyber Monday.
  We did a whole Cyber Week at InfoWarsTore.com.
  So that means huge discounts on the top-selling, top-rated supplements.
  Huge discounts on top-rated, top-selling supplements at InfoWarsTore.com.
  Stuff you need.
  We have 10% off all storable food and water supplies right now.
  10% off all emergency food and water supplies right now.
  Part of Cyber Week.
  And when you combine that with free shipping, big savings.
  Big, big savings at InfoWareStore.com.
  And then as just a final bonus, 10% off your entire purchase with coupon code PATRIOT at checkout.
  There'll be a little promo code box.
  You type in PATRIOT and you'll get 10% off your entire order right now at InfoWareStore.com.
  That is part of Cyber Week.
  Happening now.
  Let me play one clip for you.
  I'm going to have to save the rest for tomorrow on the war room, but clip 15.
  How can any state legislatures certify this vote?
  How can anyone certify this vote with all the election fraud?
  Here's one data analysis response when he was asked that question.
  If you could just tell us in your simplest way possible as an expert, what is your opinion as to the validity of the numbers that were certified today by the Secretary of State and the Governor about this election?
  If I was an executive at a publicly traded company, I would never sign that because I risk jail time and having all my money taken from me in lawsuits.
  So, to answer your question, I would never ever have certified.
  I'd rather resign than have certified those results.
  So your professional opinion is that the numbers are fraudulent?
  I believe they're fraudulent based on the data.
  And my sister asked me a simple question this morning.
  She goes, how sure are you?
  And my sister's a pretty stubborn person like me.
  And I said, I'd be willing to put my life on it.
  I'm that sure about the analysis, assuming that the data that I got from the state and everything else was accurate.
  So, you know, if you give me all inaccurate data from everywhere, then, you know, that's my only caveat.
  And
  Americans are putting their lives on the line.
  Tens of thousands, more than 10,000 sworn affidavits of eyewitness to voter fraud, folks.
  That's your life on the line.
  That's risking the punishment of perjury if you're lying.
  Of course, they're not lying.
  I watched all these hearings, and you can see, you can tell there's different state legislatures, and there's different committee members that are at these hearings.
  Some of them are very interested, you know, eyes perked, like, whoa!
  Some of them are very stubborn and hardcore, but they're getting the information, they're accepting it, and then you have one Democrat operative on each one of these committees that's just full-blown leftist, radical, nonsensical operative from the Democrat Party.
  And you can tell which ones they are because they say the exact same things.
  Oh, that's been debunked, that's been debunked.
  Literally, they're just like parrots.
  They play a video, first time it's ever viewed anywhere, in front of a committee, in Georgia.
  First time it's ever been viewed, this video, first time ever been viewed, ever made public.
  And the Democrat gets up and says, that video's been debunked!
  And then one of the committee members says, actually, it's my understanding that this video's never been seen before, not by Trump's legal team or anybody in the media.
  We're actually just seeing this for the first time.
  Trump's legal team confirms, yeah, we just got this before this hearing and now we're presenting to you now.
  Oh, I thought it was debunked!
  Oh, libtard wrong again!
  Democrat lies again!
  And so this is just happening over and over.
  And you can see that some of the state legislators, some of these committee members are like, wow, this is just outright fraud.
  Wow.
  But they have to be in a consensus.
  But look at what's happening right now around the world.
  I mean, I don't even know what to think about this.
  This is just wild.
  Noor Bin Laden, this is Osama Bin Laden's daughter, says, The message is clear.
  President Trump is fighting for America.
  His energy is off the charge and he will never give up.
  He isn't going anywhere because he won.
  He knows it and we know it.
  Georgia chanting, we love you, is exactly what we feel watching from all over the world.
  Again, that's Osama Bin Laden's daughter.
  I mean, a CIA cutout, a CIA informant that they burned.
  So, but I mean, that's just... But see, she knows Trump is fighting the very people that burned her father.
  I'm not sticking up for a father saying he was a good guy.
  I'm telling you, he was CIA, he was CIA cutout, and then he was the boogeyman that they blamed 9-11 for, and then they lied about his death for political reasons.
  An interesting point made by Laura Loomer from last night's event in Georgia.
  Barely any applause for Kelly Loeffler and David Perdue last night, and then a fight for Trump broke out.
  It was the biggest one of the night.
  So basically, the message is, if you're not fighting for President Trump in this election right now, you're basically dead to Republican voters.
  And I did notice that.
  But hopefully they'll turn out to vote for those two anyway.
  And then in such huge fashion as a victory, if they don't use the same election theft, then it'll prove all the other tabulations and tallies to be completely fraudulent.
  By the way, these Stop the Steal marches are happening around the world, folks.
  They're happening around the country and around the world every day.
  There's a whole bus tour that's happening right now.
  I will, I just have to say it.
  I love the fact that InfoWars is always first.
  I love it!
  I'm not ashamed of it.
  I love it.
  So, we did the first caravan, we launched the whole thing, and now everyone's doing it.
  I love it.
  I don't care that we never get credit or, you know, we're like Voldemort or whatever.
  I love it.
  Now, here's an interesting one.
  Hermit Dillon, by the way guys, will you pull up her, what she puts in her bio on Twitter?
  Because I'm not sure, I know she's a lawyer, but
  I think she's just a Fox News legal expert.
  I don't really know what her true credentials are beyond that.
  So Lin Wood is pretty extreme right now, and I tend to agree with most of what Lin Wood says, but he says basically any Republicans who certify this theft belong in jail, and Harmeet Dhillon, who goes on Fox News, says that's crazy, we can't do that.
  Well, why?
  Why can't we do that?
  See, that to me is a losing message.
  To say Linwood is bad for saying these people belong in jail for certifying a fraudulent election.
  No, Harmeet Dhillon, that's a loser.
  That's a loser.
  So, all these Fox News analysts and all these people that, oh, we'll fight, they'll never fight.
  They like their TV deals, they like keeping the peace, they like being popular in D.C.
  Alright, that does it for today's Alex Jones Show.
  Harrison Smith hosts Sunday Night Live coming up.
  I'll see you tomorrow in the War Room.
  You stay classy, InfoWarriors.
  Look, all of my pitches to you are 100% straight up.
  I'm always a straight shooter, but with what's happening in the country in the last month of 2020, I'm just going to be completely honest.
  I need money to keep fighting the globalists.
  I need money to have this crew and to run this independent media operation.
  Let me explain something.
  Apple is a trillion dollar company.
  Google's like a 900 billion dollar company.
  All those big tech companies have spent hundreds of billions of dollars to develop their own infrastructure.
  I'm very proud of my five-man IT team.
  That we have banned on video and our own video platform that reaches like 10 million people a day.
  And we have our own streams, our own satellite uplinks for radio and TV, our own email servers, everything we have to do ourselves.
  I'm not a victim.
  I'm not bitching.
  I'm just simply saying it took a lot with them deplatforming us three years ago and all the Democrat lawsuits, all the attacks.
  To stay on air to this moment.
  I spent basically almost everything I've got.
  I've mortgaged my house.
  Because I knew it would come down to the wire right now.
  And now people can see how close it is.
  This race against good versus evil.
  So...
  First, I want to thank you for keeping us on the air.
  I want to salute you.
  I want to tell you, hey, you've done an amazing job, and we've done a pretty good job as well not giving up.
  But I'm asking you right now to realize that we've come so far together.
  We don't want the globalists to win.
  So listen, I've got great products you need.
  Air filtration for your house.
  Highest quality four-stage ion filter.
  Way below any competition.
  Best deal.
  Alexa Pure Breeze.
  The water filtration.
  Alexa Pure.
  Highest rated.
  One of the top ones out there for the price you pay.
  You can't beat it.
  The supplements.
  The films.
  The books.
  The t-shirts.
  All of it is really high quality.
  And it funds our operation.
  I want to stay in this fight.
  That's all I care about.
  I've been fighting so long.
  27 years on air.
  You've kept me in the fight.
  We're in this together.
  But I'm telling you right now.
  As we close out 2020 and enter into this future.
  The globalists did not count on us being on air at this time.
  So the revolutionary act of you going to InfoWareStore.com
  And getting fish oil, or getting Brain Force, or getting DNA Force Plus, or getting X2, or getting Vaso Beans, or getting Body's Ultimate Tumor Formula, or Alpha Power.
  All of that gets you a great product and then funds the second American Revolution worldwide.
  Can you imagine the world without InfoWars?
  Can you imagine if we hadn't been on the air in the last 27 years?
  Can you imagine what would have happened if you and countless others
  Had it supported us, we would not be in a position right now to even be able to contend with the Globalists.
  We would have already been defeated.
  So, I'm going to tell you again.
  Now is the time for your word of mouth.
  Now is the time for your prayer.
  Now is your time to financially support InfoWars and get great products you need at InfoWarsTore.com or call toll free 888-253-3139.
  Take action now!
  If you've been a sponsor of us, that's who you are.
  We're not sponsored by Bill Gates.
  We're not sponsored by George Soros.
  When you buy the products or you make a donation,
  There's a link on that on the site.
  You are a sponsor of your own future and of American freedom and of people that don't back down and don't give in.
  I believe in you.
  I believe we're going to win.
  But regardless, I'm doing this in front of God, so what matters is I carry out the task.
  Thank you for keeping me in the game.
  Thank you for your support.
  Please support yourself and our future at InfoWareStore.com today.
  Big sales at InfoWareStore.com.