Mark your calendars.
  It is Tuesday, June 30th, 2020.
  125 days out from the election and more than two weeks ago we were contacted by a state health department individual saying you need to look at how they're counting
  Under federal directives, individuals that they say might have COVID, and they're using computer models, where they'll have a contact tracer talk to someone and say, well, you're at a bar of, what, 100 people?
  Well, we're just going to say half of them have it.
  And then that's put in the number.
  And I meant to research it, and then people started sending us links out of Texas with county commissioners and folks on Facebook saying, hey, here's why the numbers are up.
  We've been told
  That if someone has a sore throat or the sniffles and even comes up negative, we count them as COVID-19.
  And then anyone they're around, we count as COVID-19.
  Well, then yesterday after the broadcast, I spent about five hours with Rob Dew, our news director, watching county commissioner meetings in some of the most populous counties in Texas, one up in Dallas.
  And they show the CDC documents.
  And the NIH directives, and we've confirmed that not just here, but in other states, this is what's been sent out.
  Now, some states like West Virginia are refusing to follow this directive, but Texas is.
  This is the end of this hoax, if you get the article out.
  It's at InfoWars.com, the video report.
  Now, today's live show is titled, Two Global Exclusives Now Breaking.
  NIH CDC Caught Inflating COVID Numbers At Least 15 Times.
  Plus Roger Stone to break his silence on the eve of imprisonment and more.
  And in that same post, we have the article, not just the live feed, but the article in the video posted.
  Here is the article that has the video posted.
  Pandemic bombshell.
  CDC inflating COVID infection rates up to 16 times.
  And that's really some of it.
  That's just 20 to 30 times.
  We just say at least 16 times.
  But I wrote this morning with the crew member very quickly.
  So let's just add the number at least 16 times because they count the person that has it and then they say on average 15 times.
  It's on video.
  We show you all the graphs.
  In fact, here are some of these documents.
  This is out of Collin County.
  This is from the CDC and NIH right here.
  Zoom in a little bit more for me guys, thank you.
  And the current case detection system before May 18th, that just came out yesterday, was only one person's counted as it.
  Now the new one is up to 36, but the average is 15 additional on top of the one, so 16 or 15 depending on how you look at it.
  New probable case,
  Detection and then they say on video in the documents they count that as a case.
  We have the new definition right here New probable case definition means a case Chris Hill the County Commissioner judge just says this is gonna be problematic.
  This is gonna create a hysteria and this is back on May 18th, so This is incredible you've got to investigate your counties and your cities this is going on everywhere
  This is so important.
  I cannot stress to all of you how important it is to get these articles out.
  Pandemic bombshell.
  CDC inflating COVID infection rates up to 16 times.
  And again, we've got to correct that.
  It's actually up to 36 times, but it's at least 16 times.
  The bottom projection is 15 for every person that has it.
  But then it gets worse.
  This is breathtaking.
  Having an anxiety attack, this is so huge, and I never have anxiety attacks.
  I mean, I'm literally having an anxiety attack right now on air.
  This is so bombshell.
  This is so smoking gun.
  They say on the video and show the CDC directive that they don't need a positive test to say you have COVID-19.
  And then that's the basis for at least 15 more around you.
  It says sniffles, runny nose, sore throat, cough, any of those.
  And so he basically says anybody in Texas that has a sore throat, you now have COVID-19, then that counts 15 more people.
  This is unbelievable fraud and Joe Biden's running on this saying it's all Trump's fault.
  The EU shut US citizens out of the EU.
  Half of Americans are out of work.
  That's the new headlines.
  Half!
  Of the people in the country that we're working are not working.
  It's right at half, 49%.
  I mean, we are in a devastating economic war.
  This is the globalist siege to punish us for trying to get control of our country.
  The special report is on the other side.
  Tell everyone you know to tune in now and spread the links if you want to defeat this giant hoax.
  The 4th of July 2020 special has gone into high gear.
  We have 50% off.
  Body's really strong extractive tumor and formula.
  Sold out for months.
  That's back in stock.
  DNA Force Plus with the PQQ, the DoQ10.
  So good for your cells.
  So amazing.
  That's back in stock.
  50% off.
  Winter Sun's been sold out for over three months.
  It's back in stock.
  Pure, high-quality vitamin D3.
  Take it under the tongue.
  Greater absorption.
  So good for your whole body.
  So essential.
  That's Pocket Stock Ultra 12.
  Super high-quality B12.
  When you take it under the tongue, that is back in stock.
  Survival Silk X2.
  Makes it iodine-spray-proof.
  And so much more.
  So I want to thank you all this July 4th coming up for standing with us.
  I want to invite you to take advantage of these great deals and great products that enrich yourself and your family's life and also fund Hardcore Truth.
  Again, take action.
  Big 4th of July sales right now at FullWorksStore.com.
  We could not have done this without you.
  I thank you for your continued prayer, your focus, and your support.
  Again, I salute you all.
  It is Tuesday, June 30th.
  The year is 2020.
  We are 125 days out from the election.
  And the Democrats are openly saying President Trump is to blame for the worst COVID cases on earth and rapid explosion in the number of cases, though the decline in deaths is now the public is on to how they're killing people by intubating them.
  But still, they're trying to create total hysteria.
  The biggest news ever on COVID-19 has broken exclusively at InfoWars.com.
  Rob Deuce stayed up here until 2 a.m.
  last night.
  I stayed up here until 9 o'clock last night working on this.
  It was so important.
  And what's shocking is, it turns out, health departments are calling us.
  People are calling us.
  The emails are flooding in going, we've been telling you this for weeks.
  But no major news has picked this up.
  And it's true.
  Over two weeks ago, a State Health Department official contacted me and said, Alex, they're counting all of the people, this is just amazing, that are around someone that has COVID as having COVID.
  Look into it.
  And I just dropped the ball.
  Well now we have the documents, now we have the county commissioner meetings, and now we've confirmed it's all over the country where the NIH and CDC can turn up the cases or turn them down.
  Totally criminal!
  You think it's bad to say people that died of gunshot wounds died of COVID?
  You think it's bad to send old people at nursing homes to their deaths by sending real patients in there?
  This is even bigger!
  Fauci and all of them are orchestrating it.
  He needs to go to prison.
  By the way, he's been caught after he does the hearings pulling the mask off when he's getting in his car or when he's leaving or when he's in the meeting rooms.
  It's all a hoax.
  Democrats in Nevada have been caught doing it as well.
  So these people are savage criminals and they know exactly what they're doing.
  This is Bill Gates running this whole thing with the U.N.
  against America.
  So it's a 14-minute report.
  We'll have time to air half of it now for your own future.
  Go to BAN.VIDEO.
  We had to launch our own system to be able to give you this information.
  And get the video that broke at 2 a.m.
  last night when Dew posted it, breaking state's order to fraudulently inflate COVID-19 cases 15 times actual rate.
  That is conservative, by the way.
  This is Kryptonite to the New World Order.
  Get it.
  Share it by hand, by email, by text.
  Print out copies of it with a URL at BAN.VIDEO or InfoWars.com and just get it out there everywhere.
  This morning I was at a red light and people started screaming and I looked over, rolled my window down, and a man was flipping me off, saying, F you, put your mask on.
  Joy Behard says she stalks people in New York not wearing masks.
  We have video police beating the hell out of people not wearing them.
  A black man, white cops.
  Whoa, but that's okay.
  This is a cult, folks, making their move.
  So here is the first half of the report.
  And if you choose this mission and choose to accept it, this will devastate the enemy.
  It's got 80,000 views since 2 a.m.
  this morning.
  Okay, great.
  It needs 5 million views.
  Our top video on Bandop Video only has 3 million.
  I want 5 million by tomorrow.
  We can break their back!
  We can expose these murdering criminals and the Great Depression they are already triggered!
  This is a war, an info war!
  Get the video breaking.
  States ordered to fraudulently inflate COVID numbers at least 15 times.
  Here is the report.
  State of Texas, the SHS has informed public health departments that they are, they have adopted a revised definition for COVID-19 probable cases.
  So for confirmed case, it stays the same.
  You still just need PCR.
  But now they've added a probable case definition.
  So that still gets counted towards the case count.
  It's different.
  It's not confirmed.
  It's probable, but it's still a case.
  So at the end of this definition, there are 15 different options on how you could be classified as a probable case.
  Based on this diagram and what they report, there's a total of 17 cases now.
  One is still only confirmed because that was that original index case.
  Who then had all these contacts underneath in orange, and all the rest of them became probable, but they are still considered a case.
  It has the potential to be a very significant event for us here in Texas and here in Collin County as the state now has elected to adopt this new probable definition.
  If you have a subjective fever, and you have a headache, and you live in Collin County, you now meet the qualifications to be a probable COVID patient.
  It is remarkable how low the standard is now.
  If you have one of the major symptoms, you have a cough or you have shortness of breath, and you live in Collin County, then you can satisfy the definition for a probable COVID case.
  But I'm very concerned that we absolutely could see the numbers jump very rapidly in a way that actually is not indicative of what we're seeing here in the community in the Public Health Department.
  The clips you just saw took place on May 18th of this year, just a few weeks ago.
  Now we were contacted by a whistleblower inside the state health department at a high level a few weeks ago about the big changes that were coming.
  Separately, another whistleblower contacted us with the video you just saw and more we're about to play.
  But this is complete proof
  That the COVID-19 testing regime and the definitions they semantically use from the NIH and CDC are frauds.
  This has been confirmed.
  If one person tests positive for COVID-19, 15 people in the computer model are then said to have it.
  So possibles are now defined, as of the middle of May, as COVID cases.
  But it gets worse.
  They go on to say that they're going to say it's COVID-19 even if someone's not been tested.
  And if someone dies without tests, they're going to say it's COVID-19.
  And let's say the virus calls you to go to the ICU and then have a heart or kidney problem.
  Some countries are recording that as a heart issue or a kidney issue and not a COVID-19 death.
  Right now we're still recording it and we all, I mean the great thing about having forms that come in and a form that has the ability to market as COVID-19 infection, the intent is right now that those, if someone dies with COVID-19, we are counting that as a COVID-19 death.
  But this is bigger than that.
  This is the NIH directing the states
  To say that if one person tests positive in a questionable test, that 15 others are positive as well.
  So we're going to go through these clips.
  We're going to link to where you can see hours of this at the end of the video for yourself, because we don't just have the documents from the state health department.
  We actually have a county going over this last month and breaking it down and asking the question, this is going to create a lot of new false cases.
  Rob News, the Infowars News Director, he's been following this for weeks.
  We're ready to break this right now.
  Yeah, that prophetic statement was made by Chris Hill, the county judge.
  Basically, he said, wow, with all these new parameters we're using to create COVID cases, they're using the word case very specifically, that we can have these inflated numbers.
  So it used to be, if you tested positive for COVID-19, that was one case.
  Now, if you have one case, they also look around it and see who you've been in contact with, and they say, OK, these are probable cases.
  These go into the caseload.
  And they use a lot of different parameters that we're going to go over just in one second.
  But one case could equal 17 cases, could equal 10 cases, could equal 20 cases.
  It doesn't matter.
  All it looks at is the word probable.
  And they add probable into the caseload.
  And now you've seen, since May 18th, when these were implemented in Texas, the numbers skyrocketing.
  And they confirm that if they say probable, that's now called a case.
  So this is lawyer semantics.
  We've confirmed other states are following this same directive.
  So they can turn the cases up or turn them down.
  The bureaucrats can, whenever they want.
  That's right.
  So let's go into these clips.
  We have clip one.
  This is where they talk about the case definitions being revised.
  Here it is.
  State of Texas DSHS has informed public health departments that they have adopted a revised definition for COVID-19 probable cases.
  Probable case definition was adopted by the Council of State and Territorial Epidemiologists back in early April, April 4th or 5th.
  They adopted this.
  They sent it to the CDC and the CDC did take that recommendation and adopted
  And again, when you hear that, it's John Hopkins run by Bill Gates that runs the entire show.
  So it gets into all of it.
  They admit all of it.
  It's a total fraud.
  They admit they don't even test people to say they have COVID.
  This is beyond criminal.
  And that's how this has been done.
  And you've got the governor, who's not a doctor, doesn't know this.
  He's just hearing we have record cases.
  You better do something.
  And it's all a giant fraud.
  The governor needs to call for criminal investigation.
  The president does.
  And Fauci needs to be SWAT team now.
  This is their criminal fraud to keep America closed.
  They admit it.
  The full report's on Infowars.com and Newswars.com.
  But first, Roger Stone breaks his silence.
  And it's, you got so much to say to President Trump, you name it, coming up on the other side, exclusive Roger Stone breaks.
  Let me get down to the basic facts here.
  Money and word of mouth and psychic prayer is what makes this info wars thing go around.
  And you can see now as there's massive shutdowns of everybody's free speech, how precious this place is.
  And I've told this story a hundred times.
  I'll tell it again.
  When I was totally banned everywhere two years ago, people said, how are you taking it?
  What's it like?
  And I said, they're coming for you next.
  I'm the beta test.
  I'm worried about everybody.
  It's a take home.
  It wasn't selflessness that I was saying that.
  It was the truth.
  And so now we're here.
  Reddit's owned by the communist Chinese.
  Four of the big six production houses are.
  But they're just fronts for the globalists as well.
  And then...
  We come out and break yesterday that the state of Texas admits they're ordered to create 15 times the COVID cases for every supposed real case.
  That's a fraud too.
  And they say we don't even need a COVID test.
  If you have the sniffles or a sore throat, that's COVID.
  And then 15 people around you, on average, will say you have COVID.
  And then I put that article out yesterday, that video, and I got all these emails and calls.
  Well, Alex, here's the hill.
  Months ago, you didn't know?
  Probable coronavirus deaths now included in CDC totals.
  They say it all right here!
  You're like, well, why'd they admit it?
  Because they hide it in plain view instead of hiding it.
  And then it's like, well, okay, that's just what they're doing.
  It's all a fraud that's killing the economy.
  And now lockdown two's here.
  What does Trump do?
  How does he speak out?
  How does he challenge it?
  How does he?
  They'll say every death is his fault.
  He doesn't capitulate to the terrorism.
  And now, now Gates says, oh, it's the flu.
  Oh, the pig virus out of China.
  There's always something new.
  They're creating phobias to control us.
  I just want to thank listeners for their support and for keeping us on air because I'm not worried about getting killed or put in prison, but I am worried about losing.
  So when you buy products at InfoWareStore.com, when you spread the word, and when you pray for us, that changes the world.
  I need you to direct your will against the enemy.
  And if you believe we are a good vessel in the fight against that, then I ask for you to not give us your will like the left wants.
  Don't bow to us.
  Rise with us.
  Stand with us.
  Give us your strength.
  I give you my strength.
  I give you my commitment.
  I will not falter or waver.
  I will not back down.
  I'm not physically able to.
  And I will ask you for financial support with products you need.
  The 4th of July Big Mega Specials are here.
  Storewide Free Shipping.
  Double Patriot Points.
  That means 10% off for your next order, not 5%.
  Vitamin Mineral Fusion with all the vitamins, all the minerals, the amino acids.
  So good for adults and children.
  Back and Stock 50% off.
  Dazzle Beats.
  So good for your heart.
  Cardiovascular.
  Concentrated Beta Extract.
  Creates Nitrous Oxide in the blood.
  50% off.
  Bodies.
  The strongest turmeric formula we can get produced.
  95% of Humanoid.
  The average competitor's like 3 or 5%.
  Those work great.
  This works amazing.
  50% off.
  DNA Force Plus with the PQQ, the coke you did and so much more.
  I think.
  Get prepared.
  The whole enemy operation is about making you dependent, making you domesticated so these scumbags can rule you.
  The opposite is what we need.
  Become strong.
  Don't bow to their slavery.
  Bow to their tyranny.
  Become weak.
  Don't adapt by bowing.
  Adapt by living.
  The best revenge is living well.
  Please support us.
  God bless you all.
  I don't want to interrupt, then I'm leaving.
  You've been doing great, Owen.
  You're going to finish up with these calls.
  And then Greg Reese and, of course, Harrison Smith are going to take another hour of calls.
  The crew's volunteered to do it.
  So we're here live covering this, hoping everything de-escalates.
  So the live coverage continues.
  Everybody spread those legs.
  The Globals are hacking us, trying to shut this down.
  Don't let them win.
  No BS.
  Let me tell you, everything's straight shooting here.
  See, I don't have some Machiavelli manipulative view.
  With me, it's all straightforward attack.
  That's the real power!
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones.
  He's been involved in more presidential elections than any other living advisor since the days of
  Richard Nixon, and he's the guy that got Donald Trump to run for office.
  Breaking his silence right now, the next three segments on this Tuesday edition is Roger Stone facing
  Alex, it's terrific to be back with you.
  It's kind of like old home week.
  And first and foremost,
  I want to thank you, and I want to thank InfoWars, and I want to thank the InfoWarriors out there in your audience who have stood by me through this entire epic struggle.
  I could never have made it this far.
  My family could never have survived this long without the support of each and every one of you.
  It has been gratifying.
  It has been extraordinary.
  It is only through the grace of God
  And for prayer and for the prayers of millions and millions of Americans, the contributions of thousands, tens of thousands of Americans that I have been able to fight and I am continuing to fight for my vindication and for justice in this extraordinary witch hunt.
  It has been nothing short of miraculous.
  So I want to thank you and the Infowar audience first and foremost.
  And for all of my friends at Infowars, it is really, really good to be back.
  It's good to have you here.
  Now, you said no questions off-limits all of a sudden.
  This weekend we talked, you said gloves are off, but wait till I go on air.
  What does it mean, nothing's off-limits?
  I mean, I don't people know what's happened behind the scenes and why you haven't been able to be on?
  You say nothing's off-limits.
  Should we hit that and then talk about the sequence of events that's all intertwined with Trump in 2020?
  Yeah, I think that's a good way to proceed.
  I think it's important to recognize that immediately after my Soviet-style show trial in Washington, D.C., in which the judge not only prohibited every powerful line of defense, but I also was faced with what was essentially a stacked jury, a jury that included no Republicans, no conservatives,
  No military veterans, no info warriors, certainly, but could have passed for the Obama Clinton Administration Alumni Association.
  Also included a number of Democratic Party activists, contributors to Donald Trump's 2020 donors.
  And then, of course, we had the post
  Trial revelations regarding the antics of the jury for a woman who indisputably posted on Twitter and Facebook.
  During 2019, starting on the day of my arrest, and subsequently, individual posts attacking me, and many, many posts attacking President Trump.
  So, this is not someone who meets the Supreme Court's definition of impartial and indifferent.
  This was a Democratic Party activist, a Trump hater, a Stone hater, who essentially hid her bias during jury selection, had her social media platforms on a private setting during jury selection and during the trial, and then after the trial, deleted those email posts.
  In fact, deleted her entire page so that the truth could not be known.
  Now, as you know, Alex, we filed a motion for a new trial based on the bias of the jury for Woman.
  I believe we demonstrated that bias.
  We asked specifically, asked Judge Jackson for the ability to subpoena the deleted material from Facebook.
  The woman's M.O.
  was to place something on Facebook and then take the Facebook link and post it on Twitter.
  And of course, that line of inquiry was denied.
  So, we were somewhat surprised, as were many in the legal community, when I was not given a new trial.
  When my conviction, which I believe was wrongly decided anyway, was not vacated and I wasn't given a new trial.
  Just to be clear to everyone, I have filed an appeal not only of my bogus conviction, but I've also filed an appeal specifically of the decision by Jugs Jackson not to grant me a new trial, and those are pending.
  But in this process, an appeal is not immediate.
  It can take a year or longer.
  It can certainly cost as much as a million dollars.
  And in the short term, you're absolutely right.
  Even though
  Michael Avenatti, the Democrat super lawyer who was a hyper-critic of the President, who stole $25 million from his clients, and faces additional charges, I believe, even though Michael Cohen, who was convicted of various financial crimes that don't involve Donald Trump... What about Harvey Weinstein, convicted of rape?
  He's out, but you've got to go to jail.
  Yeah, it's really extraordinary.
  So the Department of Justice's directives to the U.S.
  Bureau of Prison that non-violent or I should say inmates convicted of non-violent crimes be moved from incarceration to home confinement does not apply to Roger Stone.
  Therefore, my attorneys, my new attorneys, appealed that to Judge Jackson, which is the correct avenue, asking that instead of being sent to a prison in Jessup, Georgia, which is a very dicey situation and where the potential for infection of coronavirus, I think, is very real.
  Last Friday, very late on Friday afternoon, the judge essentially ignored the substance of our arguments, ordered me placed under immediate house arrest, which is where I am right now.
  And added that I had two weeks to settle my affairs and report to the prison in Georgia.
  And that's my quick question.
  You weren't going to do interviews until whether clemency, pardon, or whatever was going to happen.
  What made you change the last few days and now be here?
  You're going to get into 2020, the election.
  You're warning to Trump coming up in a few segments.
  But what made you say the gloves are off?
  Any questions you want to ask?
  You know, everything's on the table.
  Because I'm vitally concerned about the direction of this country, and I think it is incredibly important to re-elect the president.
  I see the way they have destroyed his whole card, the American economy.
  I see the way our streets are burning under a violent socialist revolution in our streets.
  And therefore, the sooner I could speak out, the better.
  I cannot stand the idea
  That I will either be six feet under or incarcerated in October of 2020 when I need to be on the battlefield.
  That's why I decided to speak out today.
  And you told me that in confidence, but now you're just throwing it all to the wind, which I really respect you even more now.
  I want you to say it in your own words.
  You're not here for you because you know you'll be penalized by this judge and others for speaking out.
  You're here because you're really worried about Trump, and this isn't like some leftist, oh Trump's in trouble.
  We need to be honest, just like you were 120-something days out last time to Trump.
  You need to warn him, and undoubtedly the President is going to get this message from you.
  So let's finish up with what happened to you, where this is all going, and it's part of the Russiagate hoax.
  And then let's tie it into what Trump needs to do, because believe me, obviously, you issue a message to President Trump here on the Alex Jones Show, he's gonna get it, and he needs your counsel.
  I wish he would just pardon you, not just clemency, immediately, and then put it in their face and put you in the White House, where Bannon was.
  He would win the election, I have no doubt.
  I have a dream today!
  Little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls as sisters and brothers.
  I have a dream today!
  Ebony and ivory live together in perfect harmony.
  They're beating her up!
  Oh!
  Oh, she in a freezer!
  Oh, look at that!
  Terrible!
  This is attempted murder!
  People are the same wherever you go.
  Yeah, it's good and bad.
  We learn to live and we learn to give each other what we need to survive together alive.
  What do you say to the people who dragged a poor white guy out of a car and beat him?
  Oh my goodness, poor white people, please!
  Forced to drink from a toilet.
  He's also seen being kicked, choked, cut and cursed.
  All of it streamed live on Facebook.
  I have a dream today!
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order, it's Alex Jones.
  Live from Austin, Texas, broadcasting worldwide, it's Alex Jones.
  And Roger Stone is here with us exclusively because he's so worried about President Trump and the country and what's happened in the election.
  They want him in prison for helping get Trump elected.
  They want him in prison for getting Trump to run.
  And they want to send a message to everybody else.
  I did with General Flynn and Manafort, everybody, and how they're trying to indict me and put me in jail and sue me to death.
  That you don't stand up for America, I will punish you.
  That's why this election is so important for this country and the world.
  So Roger Stone, I want to finish up with the persecution you've gone through and what's happening and the death sentence this judge is trying to send you to in two weeks and what happened in the trial and then what people really want to hear your expertise on.
  The 2020 contest and what you think President Trump needs to do.
  So, Roger, please continue.
  All right.
  Thank you, Alex.
  Again, it's great to be back.
  First, let me say that my affection and loyalty and support for this president have never flagged for a nanosecond.
  If you go back through his tweets at the time my house was charged by 29 heavily armed FBI agents to the time I was wrongfully convicted.
  To the time I was subjected to the corruption of this jury forewoman as recently as last Saturday morning when at 7am the President retweeted a tweet by Lori Hendry urging people to sign the petition at FreeRogerStone.com to the President urging that he grant an act of clemency and either a pardon
  Or a commutation of sentences.
  The President has correctly recognized my persecution as a miscarriage of justice.
  His words, he has said as recently as last week on Sean Hannity's terrific show, that I was treated very, very unfairly, that my conviction should have been thrown out, I should have been declared a mistrial.
  So I have no complaints about the President whatsoever.
  I stand with him and I think ultimately, I pray ultimately,
  That he will stand with me.
  As for my trial, you know that first thing they had to do was to slap a gag order on me.
  An unconstitutional gag order that held that I could not defend myself in any public forum.
  Not InfoWars, not social media, not Fox, nowhere.
  And that's because
  They claimed that any social media commentary or defense of me might taint the jury.
  This is an absurd argument for which the judge offered no evidence, no proof.
  In fact, what about the tainting of the jury by the Washington Post?
  Or by CNN, the tsunami of fake news.
  Which, if you go back and look, for 16 months, what did they say?
  Roger Stone will be indicted for treason.
  Roger Stone will be charged by Mueller for conspiracy.
  Roger Stone will be charged for conspiracy against the United States.
  And they've had to admit, no Russian collusion.
  Bar has come out.
  They've confirmed, no Russian collusion by any U.S.
  citizen.
  What an incredibly loyal country.
  All you did was get Trump elected.
  Well, Trump got Trump elected.
  All I did was support Donald Trump and never flagged in that support.
  Look, I admit that going back to 1988,
  Maybe I was one of the first people, right after former President Nixon, to recognize that Donald Trump had the courage, and the bravado, and the audacity, and the independence, and the energy, and the stamina, and the anti-globalist worldview to be not only a great candidate for president, but a truly great president.
  He also had the looks.
  He's charismatic.
  He understood television in the television age.
  But let's be honest, he delivered in spades.
  They said when he became president, look, America's greatest days are behind us.
  For structural reasons, we'll never bring back our economy.
  Those manufacturing jobs, they're gone forever.
  We just have to take a back bench in the global economy and accept our fate.
  And Donald Trump said no, wrong.
  And with an extraordinarily comprehensive program of tax reduction, regulatory reduction, and redoing the trade deals that were stealing all of our jobs, he gave us the greatest single economic boom in American history.
  We had record job creation, we had record wage growth, and employment among all categories, among all peoples, was higher in this country than it has ever been before.
  He rebuilt the strength of our military.
  He fought endlessly to close our southern border to make our streets and neighborhoods safer.
  But then Bill Maher said we should plunge the economy and they've used COVID-19 to shut the economy down.
  What is your warning to the President?
  What is your advice to the President, Roger Stone?
  Well, first of all, the President has an obligation to protect the public health.
  And when you had all of these scientists making what we then thought were legitimate projections about the rate of infection and the danger of this, I think the President did the only thing he could do, which was to proceed cautiously and close the country down.
  You know he didn't like slowing and killing our economy, but he does have an obligation to protect the public health.
  And by the way, COVID virus is real.
  It's dangerous.
  I know people who have died from it.
  Members of my family know people who have died from it.
  This is not a hoax by any means.
  It is a very real, current danger.
  But at the same time, none of the projections that most of the scientists make panned out.
  The good news is that only through the bold leadership of the President do we close our country to China early, or this could have been much, much worse.
  Now I say to you, the way I would frame this is quite obvious.
  Our economy is now in shambles.
  Who do we want to lead us forward?
  A man who has proven that he knows how to revive the economy and bring us to record levels of productivity and prosperity?
  Or a man whose prescription will make the sick patient even sicker?
  We know that Trump has the keys to this.
  He's already proven it.
  This is not conjecture.
  This is a fact.
  He knows what to do.
  In fact, if you saw the last jobs report, the Trump program of tax and regulatory reduction is already working.
  We're already on our way back.
  Whereas under Joe Biden, if we increase taxes, we increase regulation, we increase spending, and we redo these trade deals that have been bad for America, the economy won't get better, it will actually get worse.
  That is the choice that Americans have.
  A man that has shown he knows how to do it, or a man who will make things worse.
  That is the stark reality of the 2020 election.
  It's very clear the Democrats helped run it in the ground.
  They helped hype it up.
  They cheerleaded for it to fall.
  They screwed it up beforehand.
  Do we want the guy that fixed it before when they said, when Krugman said he couldn't, everybody else said he couldn't?
  Or do we want to put these losers?
  Why is the Democrat field so bizarrely weak with Biden saying 120 million died from COVID and Pelosi looking completely insane?
  I mean, what the hell is wrong with these people?
  Well, let's not lose sight of the fact that they are propped up by a malicious, vicious, fake news media.
  I mean, look, we've said it on this program before, if Donald Trump cured cancer tomorrow, found the cure for cancer, the headline would be, Trump Puts Doctors Out of Work.
  I mean, the President is damned if he does, and damned if he doesn't.
  We have a violent social revolution going on in the streets.
  If the President mobilizes our military to crush
  The rebellion, they'll say, oh, he's a Hitler, he's a Nazi, and then when he doesn't, they say, oh, he's letting the streets burn and the cities burn, and he's doing nothing.
  Look, the guy can't do anything right, yet I am absolutely convinced, despite these unfair criticisms by the mainstream media, by the vicious tsunami of fake news that rains on him and his family unfairly every single day, that he is the man to lead America.
  And all of these stories that
  He's having second thoughts about re-election.
  He's dejected.
  He's depressed.
  He's not going to run.
  That's not the Donald Trump that I know.
  Now, I have no inside information, but I know this.
  Donald Trump is a fighter.
  Donald Trump is a brawler.
  Who wouldn't be upset about the destruction of your signature poll card?
  The most vibrant, robust economy in American history.
  You can see why he is unhappy about that.
  But only one man can lead us back to prosperity.
  How do I know that?
  Because he's done it before.
  It isn't conjecture.
  It isn't a guess.
  It isn't a subjective question.
  Donald Trump has proven he knows how to create jobs and economic wealth.
  A man who did it once can do it again.
  All right, Roger Stone's with us for one more segment.
  I've got thousands of questions, but I'm giving him the floor because it's just, like he said, it's great to have him back on air.
  It's great to hear his voice, to see him talking.
  You know, that's all been blocked by this judge, but now he's thrown all that to the wind because he's so worried about the country.
  We'll be right back.
  Just a few minutes on the other side of this exclusive interview with Roger Stone.
  Please spread the live links.
  Hollywood, the Democratic Party, the unelected EU bureaucracy, and the Fortune 100 corporations are almost unanimously rooting against America, against the American people, and against our President Donald Trump.
  They're all over the news saying the American century's over, and that America's quarantined, and that COVID-19 was our fault, and that the United States may not even exist in the future, and certainly isn't going to be a superpower.
  We have to be politically more engaged than we've ever been before to stop this Newell-Lore takeover.
  But we also have to understand that we have to reach out to God and pray and ask for God's intervention.
  And we also have to be physically prepared for what's happening.
  If you don't have a firearm and don't know how to use it, don't have ammo, you really should get some.
  And you really should get high quality storable foods and water filtration systems.
  And in those two departments, water filtration and storable food, we have the highest quality at the best price you're going to find anywhere.
  I would suggest now you get your storable food today.
  It only takes about four weeks to ship it out to you.
  So many others are sold out, but InfoWareStore.com has it and is ready to ship it to you.
  The New World Order social engineers are all on record that their entire program is about domesticating us, dumbing us down, and making it to where we are not self-sufficient.
  During the Great Depression in the 1920s, it's estimated by major universities that around 7 million Americans starved to death from malnutrition, or died from diseases because their immune systems were run down.
  Now, back then we were 90% rural, and almost everybody was self-sufficient.
  Now we're 90% urban, and of the 10% that are rural, it's estimated that less than half of those are actually self-sufficient.
  We are sitting on top of a time bomb.
  We have been domesticated.
  I know how to skin a buck and run a trot line, but I don't know one-hundredth of what my grandfather knew.
  I don't know one twentieth of what my dad knew.
  And quite frankly, I've dropped the ball.
  My children are city slickers.
  They know how to shoot a gun, change a tire.
  That's about it.
  We need to get back to the land, back to self-sufficiency, and back to being prepared.
  And the way to start, ladies and gentlemen, is having friends and family with a bug-out plan if there is a total collapse and water filtration and food to last you at least a few months.
  And the food we have is very high quality.
  It's in great containers that are great to be mobile.
  They have wide selections, special diets, you name it.
  It's the best price you're going to find for quality food like this.
  And most importantly, all the other big companies have become fly-by-night.
  They only keep a little bit of food on hand, and it's low quality, it's overpriced, if they even have it.
  And they'll lie to you and say, oh, we ship in two weeks.
  They're not.
  They're still shipping in six to eight weeks if you can find it.
  Our sponsor, we've been partnered with for 11 years, MyPatriot, has the food, has four plants in the United States, several sub-plants, and a lot of their food shipped out within two weeks.
  But on average, it's about four.
  But you need to get the orders in now, in the lull before the storm.
  I told you lockdown two was coming.
  I told you they're going to have new versions of the virus.
  The New World Order is making its move.
  Whether Trump loses or wins, things are just going to get more crazy, and this food lasts 25 years inside the containers.
  So it's something you can hide, something you can bury, something you know is an ace in the hole for you and your family in the future, and the little bit of profit that comes in funds the InfoWars to continue to warn the people.
  So you're also funding InfoWars, the most powerful Paul Revere organization in the world, and it's powered by you.
  Get ready, get prepared, spread the word.
  Whatever you do, pray to God and get yourself right with God because this is the real deal and things only get crazier from here on out.
  Good luck and God bless.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones!
  We're living in America.
  He doesn't want to take credit for it.
  But it's like, you train a boxer, you put him in the ring.
  He didn't get the credit as a boxer, but he did help Donald Trump.
  You want to blame somebody or give them an award, Roger Stone is as important as anybody out there, probably the most important other than Donald Trump, for getting Trump to run.
  And I'm very thankful that Trump has run.
  I've been persecuted mightily for it.
  But you know what?
  All the good things in life you get persecuted for.
  Roger, we only got like 10 minutes left.
  Maybe I could twist your arm and do five more, but you gotta go, I know, here.
  I've got so many questions.
  Obviously, I haven't talked to Trump in a while.
  They're talking about clemency, they're talking about pardons.
  He said Roger has nothing to worry about in major tweets he's put out.
  Let's talk about that.
  I know you don't want to mess anything up, but what are you expecting?
  What are you thinking?
  What is the thinking on when you should get clemency or a pardon?
  Because Trump wants to repudiate this whole Russiagate hoax.
  Well, first of all, I have no inside information.
  I've been promised nothing.
  I've been assured nothing.
  So I can't tell you really what's going to happen other than the fact that July 14th is an absolute drop dead date.
  Why do they want to do this?
  It's very simple, Alex, because
  The Deep State and Judge Jackson would like me to die in a COVID-infested prison before my appeal is heard a year from now.
  Because when my appeal is heard, the epic corruption of my trial, of the judge, of her clerks, of the Mueller prosecutors is going to be exposed.
  And they can't afford that.
  Which is why I have, in essence, for a series of completely fabricated process crimes, I'm essentially getting capital punishment.
  The death penalty.
  That's what this is tantamount to.
  So, one of the important things I wanted to do here today is appeal to your audience
  To appeal to the President to, as a humanitarian act of both mercy and justice, to use his extraordinary powers of clemency so that I can avoid dying in a dank, squalid prison someplace when I should be on the battlefield doing everything I humanly can on my own, I'm not looking for a job, to re-elect this President.
  It's that important.
  I honestly believe that this country will hurtle over the cliff towards globalism and that we will have chaos in America and there is only one man with the courage and the stamina and the fortitude to stop it.
  I saw it a long time ago.
  Let's be very clear.
  Donald Trump is responsible for the election of Donald Trump.
  And he's right.
  I had no formal role in his campaign.
  I was doing everything I could, including the publication of my book, The Clinton's War on Women, which I still think is not only the definitive opposition research on the Clintons and their epic corruption, but is one of the main reasons why I was targeted.
  Here's something interesting that we learned, Alex.
  When Rod Rosenstein testified before the U.S.
  Senate Judiciary Committee a couple weeks ago, he admitted that the investigation into Roger Stone was not opened until October of 2017.
  That means three months after Robert Mueller already knew there was no Russian collusion, proving that my persecution was a political hit job.
  They knew I had no involvement with the Russians.
  And then Rosenstein, in that same under oath testimony, went on to say that he is not the one who approved it.
  But that was a lie because the scope memo that authorized the investigation into me was signed by Rosenstein himself.
  It's a public document now, thanks to the heroic efforts of Rick Grinnell, one of the president's greatest temporary appointees and ultimately one of the real stars of this administration, who got the documents declassified to prove me.
  And by the way, I was about to say, in those new documents, Strzok and Page are admitting that Obama and Biden ordered all this, not just during the campaign, but after they were out of office.
  That is smoking gun illegality.
  Trump's called it treason.
  What do you think we should expect if Trump gets re-elected?
  Because like you said, his philosophy is he doesn't attack, but if you do attack, he strikes back ten times harder.
  He said that himself.
  What do you expect?
  They've got to be really scared if he gets re-elected.
  Well, look, it's a backwards world.
  You hear people like Jerry Nadler and Adam Schiff talking about how Bill Barr and Donald Trump are destroying the rule of law.
  What are these guys talking about?
  They weren't screaming when Loretta Lynch, as Attorney General, wired the investigation into Hillary Clinton and her illegal email server.
  They weren't screaming when Eric Holder basically snuffed the Congress, snubbed the Congress on Fast and Furious.
  And let's face it, the Obama administration has been caught red-handed, indisputably, in the greatest single abuse of power in American history.
  So how does Trump go on the offense?
  How does Trump go on the offense?
  I think we have to make sure people understand what happened here.
  They used the full authority of the United States
  So this wasn't just a coup against Trump, it was a coup against the Republic and rule of law?
  There's no question about it.
  They were trying to undo the results of the 2016 elections, and we now know definitively that there was never any legal, legitimate basis for the opening of this investigation.
  And imagine if Nixon tried something like this.
  He just thought about little stuff.
  This is so much more gargantuan and red-handed.
  We hear about the CIA overthrowing countries.
  This is America they tried to overthrow.
  It's really quite extraordinary.
  Look, this has been a
  Difficult and debilitating fight.
  I mean, I will admit to you that I am tired.
  I am battered.
  I was about to ask you though, Roger.
  I don't mean to interrupt.
  What is it like to be at the super center of history?
  I don't envy you, but I kind of do.
  I mean, you are a major historical figure now.
  This is beyond witch hunt.
  I mean, this is beyond Salem trials.
  I mean, this is insane.
  Well, if I had my choice, I would wish somebody else was in this place.
  But saying what you just to follow up.
  Let me say a couple things.
  I'm not yet finished.
  The final chapter of Roger Stone is not written.
  I have put my faith completely in God.
  We've talked about that privately.
  I was very, very fortunate back in January to meet Reverend Franklin Graham.
  As a 12-year-old boy, I saw Billy Graham's preach to a tent revival in Bridgeport, Connecticut.
  It was one of the greatest experiences of my life.
  I still remember how charismatic he was, how riveting he was.
  When I was working for President Richard Nixon, I had the opportunity to meet him and shake his hand.
  I think Reverend Billy Graham was one of the greatest figures of this century.
  I had the absolute privilege to meet
  I think so.
  You need to turn your life back over to Jesus Christ.
  You need to confess your sins and get right with Jesus, and I absolutely guarantee you, God will protect you.
  God will walk with you.
  If you try to live within His laws, He will protect you.
  I thought about that, and then on that very same day, I stood with 500 others in a public park in Boca Raton, and I witnessed before God, I confessed my sins, because there's no question in my younger days, I had some pretty wild times.
  And then Reverend Graham sent me a Bible with certain sections annotated.
  I'll be honest with you, whenever I get angry, whenever I get frustrated, I go back to that Bible.
  You told me back in the time privately that the depression ended and suddenly your fortunes turned like the next day.
  There is no question.
  It is amazing.
  As soon as I put this all in the hands of God, as soon as I professed again and reaffirmed my belief in Jesus Christ, because I was born as a Catholic.
  I got all my sacraments in that church.
  I am still a Catholic.
  I am, more importantly, a Christian.
  And I believe that I am protected by God.
  And in the end, I will win this epic struggle.
  Well, there's no question.
  You know, I have been enormously, given enormous strength
  Well, there are no atheists in foxholes.
  Before you gotta go, get into your defense fund, get into the t-shirt you're wearing.
  Roger Stone still did nothing wrong.
  First of all, you can get the original Roger Stone Did Nothing Wrong T-shirt at Infowars in the store.
  Now, this is important because these are limited and this particular T-shirt is going to end up in the Smithsonian.
  So my advice to you is to get this collector's item while they are still available.
  There are not going to be any more of them made.
  If you want to help me in this epic fight immediately, sign the petition at FreeRogerStone.com.
  That's FreeRogerStone.com.
  It is a petition to the President, urging him, as an act of humanity, and in the name of justice and mercy, to extend clemency, grant clemency to me, either in the form of a commutation of sentence, so I may pursue my appeal, or a pardon.
  And lastly, if you want to help me in the horrific expense... Hold on, you gotta do five more minutes.
  We're back in two minutes.
  We gotta go.
  Do five more minutes, Roger Stone.
  A Florida sheriff has threatened to deputize gun owners against Black Lives Matter protesters.
  I will exercise the power and authority as a sheriff, and I'll make special deputies of every lawful gun owner in this county.
  Surrounded by his deputies, Clay County Florida Sheriff Darrell Daniels released a three-minute video urging people to ignore the mainstream media and not fall for the leftist propaganda machine that's telling everyone that law enforcement is evil.
  Don't fall victim to subjecting yourselves to
  Meanwhile, in occupied St.
  Louis, prosecuting attorney Kimberly Gardner is looking to press charges against the Missouri lawyer couple
  who rightfully and lawfully defended their home while brandishing weapons at so-called protesters who broke into their gated community and began to yell obscenities and threats of harm to the couple right in front of their home on private property.
  We must protect the rights to peacefully protest, and any attempts to chill it through intimidation or use of force will not be tolerated.
  I will use every extent of Missouri law to hold individuals accountable.
  And this just weeks after peaceful protesters vandalized, looted, and destroyed properties throughout the region.
  Also committing acts of violence and murder, including the cowardly murder of retired police captain David Dorn, who was shot and killed by looters on the lawless streets of St.
  Louis.
  Perhaps the Missouri couple who pointed guns at BLM protesters should consider moving to Clay County, where at least one American town still stands for law and order.
  From the front lines of the Information War, it's Alex Jones.
  Alright, I really like Roger Stone.
  I met him like eight years ago at a JFK event in Dallas.
  And then got to know him early in the Trump campaign.
  We became really good friends.
  But I'd get mad at him because he was just saying, I'm not a Russian agent.
  He was co-hosting the War Room.
  I'm like, dude, we all know that.
  We're sick of it.
  But he was fighting for his life.
  Then he got indicted.
  And I was like, oh, you were right.
  And it just sounded so crazy.
  I knew we weren't involved with the Russians or WikiLeaks or any of this.
  I just can't wait till he's pardoned or has clemency so he can be in this campaign and he can be on air and talking about Nixon and talking about the Clintons and just having his speech.
  And so Roger, in closing, I want you to plug the new t-shirt to fund it because I know what lawyers cost.
  I know you've lost your house, everything.
  People need to support you.
  But just before we do that,
  I know you say Trump might be in trouble, that's why you're here or whatever, but what finally got you really mad and made you say, screw it, I've been told not to have my free speech, I'm going to do it?
  Well, first of all, the official gag order was dropped at the time that the judge decided not to grant me a new trial and ordered that I be incarcerated.
  Uh, no less than three weeks after, pardon me, no, yes, no less than three weeks after that.
  Can we talk about the other stuff that was there?
  There was some other things.
  Well, then the Federal Bureau of Prisons first assigned me a date of June 30th.
  We filed, as I said, an emergency motion to fight that.
  But I'm now free to say what I want, and I am deeply concerned about this next election being stolen.
  The idea of a mail-in ballot system is an open invitation for voter fraud.
  Twelve states' constitutions specifically require in-person voting.
  They don't even have absentee voting.
  Twenty-five, pardon me, thirty-five states require the showing of a photo ID.
  So you cannot just run roughshod over state constitutions and state law requiring what it takes to vote by federal fiat.
  It doesn't work that way.
  But you can see what the Democrats are up to.
  They have the weakest candidate in their history.
  Joe Biden is personally responsible through the 1994 crime bill for the mass incarceration of more black people, more African Americans, more people of color than anyone currently in American politics.
  The harsh mandatory penalties for the first time nonviolent crime of possession of small amounts of drugs.
  The turbocharging of the war on drugs has been a social, economic, racist failure.
  It has not worked.
  He's ruining lives, he's ruining families, no one is being rehabilitated, and if you're a conservative, you're paying billions now in taxes to house and feed people who are not violent criminals.
  This is one of the best issues for Donald Trump.
  Why?
  Because Donald Trump, under the Second Chance Act, is the person giving these people, who are locked in the bowels of our penal system for 15, 20, 25 years, a second chance
  And he's also anti-war.
  I think he should start doing weekly addresses to the nation, like 8 p.m.
  Central, and laying this out at the Oval Office.
  He should use the power of the Oval Office.
  We're almost out of time.
  Tell folks about the new shirt, Roger Stone still did nothing wrong, and how folks support you.
  You can go to StoneDefenseFund.com because I have to file my appeal.
  If the President, in his wisdom, decides to commute my sentence, I still have to pay for a million dollar appeal to overturn my conviction.
  If the President pardons me, well then this fight is finally over and I can get back to making a living and finishing a book and writing yet another book.
  And I pray for that every single day.
  If you want to get a t-shirt like the one I am wearing, you can go to fightback.store.
  That's fightback.store.
  But I urge you to go to the Infowars site to get the original, because there's a very, very limited number of those, and they will not be available.
  Well, that's right, we're almost sold out, but Roger, don't worry about us.
  I mean, we're all in this together.
  You're a target, you're a beta test.
  They've told me, and behind the scenes, you know what's going on.
  If they can get you, they're going to indict me.
  But they're still going to, they get rid of Trump, the whole Russian thing's going to start back up.
  I mean, they still have groups of Democrats in there operating.
  I think overall, Bill Barr's a good guy.
  I just don't think people realize how dangerous this is.
  Well, there's no question.
  That's why we have to do whatever is humanly possible, necessary to re-elect the president.
  What really makes me sick is these country club Republicans are already leaking.
  Oh, we're in panic mode.
  We're going to lose the Senate.
  Trump's a sure loser.
  That's Roger Stone.
  Hold on, folks.
  The 4th of July 2020 special has gone into high gear.
  We have 50% off.
  Body's really strong extractive tumor and formula.
  Sold out for months.
  That's back in stock.
  DNA Force Plus with the PQQ, the Tokyo 10.
  So good for your cells.
  So amazing.
  That's back in stock.
  50% off.
  Winter Sun's been sold out for over three months.
  It's back in stock.
  Pure, high-quality vitamin D3.
  Take it under the tongue.
  Greater absorption.
  So good for your whole body.
  So essential.
  That's back-in-stock.
  Ultra 12.
  Super high-quality B12.
  Again, take it under the tongue.
  That is back-in-stock.
  Survival Silk X2.
  Nacin Iodine spray.
  33% off.
  And so much more.
  So I want to thank you all this July 4th coming up for standing with us.
  I want to invite you to take advantage of these great deals and great products that enrich yourself and your family's life and also fund Hardcore Truth.
  Again, take action.
  Big 4th of July sales right now at PullMoreStore.com.
  We could not have done this without you.
  I thank you for your continued prayer, your focus, and your support.
  Again, I salute you all.
  Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones, coming to you live from the front lines of the InfoWar.
  Well, Roger Stone's a really smart guy, and a funny guy, and a talented guy, and a good friend of mine.
  We've been through the wars together the last five years.
  Met him like seven, eight years ago, but been good friends for many years now.
  And it just feels good.
  It feels like family getting him back on.
  A lot of stuff behind the scenes, why he couldn't come on.
  And he was starting to really, if you just joined us as we start Hour 2, get into blue blood Republicans, who are leftist or America haters and have their problems and are mentally ill.
  But blue-blood Republicans are a disgusting lot as well.
  They just think everything's okay.
  They're insulated.
  They're living off old family money.
  And if they think Trump's got this, and they don't realize how dangerous things are, they are living on another planet.
  So Roger, your emergency message to the Country Club Republicans.
  It's been very disturbing over the last couple days.
  I've seen these fake stories about how Trump's heart is really not in it.
  He's not going to fight for re-election.
  He's thinking about heading for the tall grass.
  That's not the Trump I know.
  Trump I know is a fighter.
  Trump I know is a brawler.
  Trump I know will never leave his country in the lurch.
  But I also know that there are members of the Trump campaign staff at the lower levels who are out shopping a memoir, a tell-all memoir, because they're already assuming his defeat.
  He's not going to lose, he's going to win.
  He's going to win if every one of us recognizes the inherent danger of his loss.
  He's the only thing that stands between us
  And globalism.
  He's the only thing that stands between us and a total socialist takeover of America.
  This may well be our last presidential election if he does not win.
  I really believe that.
  And my confidence in him has never been shaken.
  Look, Alex, this is really clear.
  On July 24th, 2019, the prosecutors working for Mueller approached one of my lawyers to propose a deal.
  And they were very careful in their wording.
  They said, it's time for your client to confess.
  It's time for your client to come clean.
  It's time for your client to re-remember these phone calls we have a record of between he and candidate Trump in 2016.
  And if he's prepared to tell the truth, which is that these phone calls pertain to coordinating the timing of the WikiLeaks disclosures and Russia,
  Well, we might be willing to propose to the judge that he serve no time.
  In other words, they wanted me to lie.
  They put me under enormous financial and legal pressure to bear false witness against the president, and I refuse to do this.
  I can document this.
  It is something that I have never regretted, not for a minute.
  Staring into the abyss, looking at 40 months in jail and what is in fact a de facto death sentence right now, I still say to you, I regret nothing that I did during the 2016 election because I didn't do anything wrong.
  In her tongue lashing at me sentence, the judge said that I was a belligerent.
  Let me define that for you.
  That means I wouldn't plead guilty.
  That means I wouldn't take responsibility for a crime I did not commit, which is my right as an American.
  And particularly, I would not roll over on the President of the United States like Michael Cohen and tell them what they wanted to hear.
  This was weeks before the Mueller report came out.
  It was clear to me they had no evidence of Russian collusion.
  But because the president had correctly and honestly said in the written answers to the Mueller interrogatory, the written questions, that he and I never discussed WikiLeaks, they thought that they could trip him up by getting me to say otherwise.
  And I refused.
  The accounts of Rick Gates at my trial, the accounts of Michael Cohen before the two Senate committees and the House Oversight Committee are uncorroborated lies.
  Well that's right, and Trump's talked about the treason and the illegality and the Russiagate was a fraud and Ukrainegate was a fraud and now all this is a fraud.
  And that's really the problem, is they never get in trouble, so they just keep doing it over and over again.
  You know, you know the inside baseball.
  I can't talk about it on air because I had agreements I wouldn't.
  They've approached me and said, come out against Trump, the Second Amendment will drop the lawsuit.
  You know, they've come out and said, hey, a big billionaire, well-known guy.
  He wants to give you a First Amendment foundation and give you money.
  Instead of lawsuits, we'll give you money.
  Or, oh, we won't indict you.
  You know, you need to really come out against Trump.
  I mean, this is a major squeeze against the American people by the deep state.
  And the fact that now, almost four years in, they can't execute shows to their minions they're losing power.
  But that's what's scary is now they're really getting desperate, Roger.
  Well, that's why they want me off the battlefield for 2020.
  That's what I think most of this is really about.
  That's my closing thing.
  Get you off the battlefield.
  Talk about that.
  How beautiful if you got clemency next week, or a pardon, and instead of running from you, Trump brought you in as a spokesperson or brought you in as an advisor.
  The president has never run for mayor.
  Look at his history of tweets.
  No, no, he hasn't.
  That's what I'm saying.
  He said, Roger, nothing wrong.
  Roger has nothing to worry about.
  Roger's been... I'm saying, pardon you and then just bring you in front and center in press conferences.
  That would be so powerful.
  Well, but let me be very clear, I'm not looking for a job in this campaign entourage.
  I think what I did in 2016, by making African Americans aware of the existence of Danny Williams, who was on this show, who is in fact the illegitimate son of Bill Clinton, who was cut off by Hillary, not by Bill.
  By revealing Bill Clinton's serial sexual assaults against multiple women, but far more importantly, the role Hillary played in bullying and intimidating and threatening those women.
  That's right, you didn't do the dirty work, you did the dangerous work nobody else would do, and we did it as well, and the listeners did it.
  You exposed what was documented reality.
  And that's exactly, so you're saying, make you a free agent, and you'll get back in the fight.
  I will do everything I possibly can within the bounds of the law to re-elect this president as I did four years ago.
  They know that I'm a scrapper and a fighter.
  I'm tired of reading Roger Stone, self-described dirty trickster.
  Roger Stone, self-proclaimed, I have never called myself that.
  I have never proclaimed myself that.
  I have acknowledged that Democrats, who I have beaten, have called me that.
  But now it's ubiquitous.
  Now it's all over.
  I did get the L.A.
  Times.
  Well, Roger, it's like when they say, Jones, who admits he's an actor and admits he's fake.
  Million dollars you have that.
  I never said that.
  I'm totally real.
  Have I been in a few movies?
  Have I done acting?
  Yes.
  That's like saying, have I played croquet?
  But I'm not a croquet player.
  Have I played basketball?
  Yeah, I'm not a basketball player.
  Have I shot guns?
  Yeah, but I'm not an Olympic marksman.
  The idea that I'm an actor, you're a fraud, it's a fraud.
  I agree.
  So one more time, sign the petition at FreeRogerStone.com.
  Part of our campaign to make sure the President is aware that, you know, I have basically 14 days.
  14 days from now I will have to report to a prison in rural Georgia and as I've said, I believe it is a death sentence.
  I believe it is the end of the line.
  And I'm praying fervently... Well, not just from COVID.
  I mean, they'll try to Epstein you, and I know they'll put you in solitary confinement like Manafort, and we don't want to put you in the clutches of these guys.
  Well, let's not get my wife more upset than she already is, but I recognize that's a very real danger.
  No matter what, there's no circumstance whatsoever in which I will ever betray this president.
  I have great affection for him and for his family.
  And you'll never commit suicide.
  And you'll never commit... Say it.
  You'll never commit suicide.
  No, if they ever tell you Stone killed himself, you will know that somehow the Clintons are involved.
  I will never do that.
  As a Christian, it is prohibited.
  I would never, under any circumstances, do that.
  So if they come back to you and tell you, oh, he was despondent, he killed himself, that will never happen.
  Well, let's get the statement clear without me interrupting, because number one, you're a fighter.
  You crave the fight.
  You don't look for it.
  Say a statement.
  Roger Stone, will you kill yourself in prison if they lock you up as a political prisoner?
  Alex, there's no circumstances under which I will do that.
  God will protect me.
  I believe that at the end of the day, justice will be done in my case.
  I am praying to this president.
  I'm praying, more importantly, to God to protect me, because I know he will.
  I've learned it in the Bible.
  And it has been solace.
  It has been strength.
  It has given me the fortitude to continue the fight.
  I could not have done it any other way.
  Roger, we salute you.
  Can you just say with all of us here, in the name of Jesus Christ, we beg for justice with Roger Stone.
  Please, Jesus, protect me.
  Absolutely.
  In the name of Jesus Christ Almighty, in the name of our Savior and Lord, I walk with Him and I ask that He protect me and my family in these final days of my epic struggle for freedom.
  In the name of Jesus, Amen.
  All of us together for Roger Stone.
  We love you, Roger.
  We'll talk to you soon.
  We salute you.
  Thank you for so much time.
  We are all Roger Stone right now, folks.
  Pray for Roger Stone.
  They want to make him a political prisoner.
  We won't let it happen.
  We need to get back to the land, back to self-sufficiency, and back to being prepared.
  And the way to start, ladies and gentlemen, is having friends and family with a bug-out plan if there is a total collapse and water filtration and food to last you at least a few months.
  And the food we have is very high quality.
  It's in great containers that are great to be mobile.
  They have wide selections, special diets, you name it.
  It's the best price you're going to find.
  You need to get the orders in now, in the lull before the storm.
  I told you lockdown 2 was coming.
  The New World Order is making its move.
  Whether Trump loses or wins, things are just going to get more crazy.
  And this food lasts 25 years inside the containers.
  So it's something you can hide, something you can bury, something you know is an ace in the hole for you and your family in the future.
  And the little bit of profit that comes in funds the InfoWar to continue to warn the people.
  So you're also funding InfoWars, the most powerful Paul Revere organization in the world, and it's powered by you.
  Life in a pod.
  The new normal.
  Dining pods are going up everywhere.
  Article by Steve Watson.
  If you want to go out socializing from now on, you'll likely be doing it in a plastic pod.
  This isn't some weird dystopia.
  It's the new normal in 2020.
  Progressives on Twitter praise these new plastic pods.
  Dining pods.
  Clear boxes for students.
  Demand for plexiglass protective shields has never been higher.
  Not only are these greenhouse dining pods adorable and safe, but they're serving vegan food.
  Your bubble is ready.
  Plastic pods offer solution for COVID-19 dining.
  Pod dining experience unveiled at Tarrington St.
  John Restaurant.
  Futuristic dining pods could save struggling restaurants.
  Come along and enjoy dining al fresco in South Causey's Inn, New Bubble Pods.
  In Amsterdam, a plant-based waterfront restaurant transformed prefab greenhouses into cozy private dining rooms to help stem the spread of COVID-19.
  We'd like to eat our peas in a pod, too.
  Convert on-street parking spaces into outdoor dining pods.
  Yes!
  The future is bright!
  The future is pod-tastic!
  I just have two questions.
  Will future generations only communicate via podcast with iPods?
  Eat vegan-based Tide Pods while living in a customizable iBubble?
  And are you willing to go along with having your whole life experience living in a bubble in solitary confinement?
  This is Millie Weaver reporting.
  So do you want to know what's happening next?
  The media isn't going to tell you.
  Go to ban.video and while you're there, check out all the amazing content too politically incorrect to be on social media.
  Go to ban.video.
  2020 is a very special year to the globalists, to the occultists, to those that are into esoteric mysticism.
  And they believe this is the year they're going to totally overthrow America and the world and bring in their anti-God, anti-human tyranny.
  Well, we're here on air and we just ask you all to realize that we're in opposition to this evil and that only your word of mouth helps us reach new people.
  And I want to salute you all.
  Thank you for your support.
  I also want you to know that our 4th of July, once a year mega sale is here.
  And we've got a bunch of stuff at 50-60% off right now.
  But BODY is our ultimate tumeric formula.
  This is a tumeric extract, one of the strongest ones out there.
  It's so good for your body, so good for your joints, so good for your cells.
  It is now back in stock, sold out for over 3 months, and it is at 50% off.
  DNA Force Plus is back in stock.
  It's 50% off as well.
  Check it all out at InfoWarsTore.com and remember, your funding of our operation makes it all possible.
  Plus, these are great things that God designed for you and your family's bodies.
  Please take action.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order, it's Alex Jones.
  Another time in the Age of Wonder.
  If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance.
  Live from Austin, Texas, broadcasting worldwide, it's Alex Jones.
  This country is fighting for its life.
  And there's so many giant things breaking, it makes my head spin.
  Now, I have a thousand ways to start this segment.
  And incredible articles, videos that we haven't even hit that are super entertaining and interesting.
  I probably won't get to any of it.
  Because the core issues are what matters.
  And the understanding of that.
  So, I've told this story probably 3,000 times.
  I started a lot of the shows with this.
  26 years ago on radio and TV, I might have never said the first few years, this is the biggest show I ever did.
  Then about 15 years ago, maybe once a year, I'd say biggest show ever.
  And then as time goes on, it's like every month, and then every week, and then every day,
  It's the quickening, it's the compounding.
  Now, there is more news breaking today of just over-the-top nature than has broken the last month.
  And that's the thing about the quickening, is it's going to get more insane, it's going to get more crazy, it's going to get more out of control, and it's all just going to come out in the open.
  But here's the secret, the key, the core, the Rosetta Stone, the skeleton key.
  By the time we fully wake up, the globalists will be in AI robot control, we'll be domesticated, and we're going to have the total choice of joining Satan and pedophilia and world government and the end of our species to just live a few more years, or we have to fight it and most of us die.
  And so, I've never really been super scared to die.
  I mean, I'm willing to do what has to be done.
  I've gone through a lot of stuff in my life.
  I realized that all those persecution things I went through was God preparing me so I could handle this at this point.
  I'm very thankful for the persecution now.
  I thank God for everything.
  Every time it got too bad, I couldn't take it.
  God came in.
  It was crazy.
  It's been quite a journey now.
  In hindsight, it's 2020.
  I can see God's hand on me the whole time.
  God's hand's on you as well.
  We should really mourn for the people that have been turned over to evil and who were cut off from God because it's a spiritual choice they're making and they're already in a bad place and they're going to go to a much, much worse place.
  And there's a big letter out from a famous environmentalist today that if I have time I'll get to.
  David Knight covered it at the end of his broadcast today at about 10.50 or so.
  Powerful.
  Hopefully they'll put it out as a report.
  And this fella bought into it all, did it all, you know, well-known author, well-known person that believed it, went to the Amazon to help people, traveled all over, chained himself to bulldozers.
  And then he saw how mentally ill his daughter was, and suicidal, and having guilt about herself, and how it was all a fraud what he'd been taught, and how they're really actually hurting the real environment with this fake environmental movement saying heat is the problem, and carbon dioxide's the problem, genetic engineering, nuclear weapons, nuclear reactors out of control, gene splicing, that's the threat to everybody, and the planet.
  It's a very powerful article.
  It's on InfoWars.com.
  In fact, I had it here on the stack.
  I was looking for it during the break.
  If you guys would reprint that for me, it'd be great.
  But there's so many hundreds of articles.
  By the time I read over them, I just put them in the stacks and can't find them, even though I try to organize all this.
  But I could do a whole show just on this well-known individual, just finally coming to Jesus and going, man, this is an anti-human system to kill everybody, and it's depressing, and it's a lie, and it's about how we suck, and we don't suck!
  We're not going to decide to just roll over to die because a bunch of Satanists want control.
  We're not perfect, but we're not going to be directed by a bunch of Satanists.
  And then, I already knew this, but right before the broadcast started, they come in and they give me a mainstream German newspaper article about 30,000 people under investigation for a powerful governmental level pedophile ring in Germany.
  I remember the psychiatrist in Berlin running thousands of kids to people over 30 years.
  And now with that bust, it expanded out with the list to where the people now adults say the judges and the politicians and the police chiefs were coming.
  So when you see one of these leftist globalist politicians, they're either a pedophile or worse, or they've been abused and have been programmed.
  When I say programmed, I mean, Macron was a sex object on record when he was 12 years old at satanic parties.
  Macron has obviously been programmed.
  Electroshock, you name it.
  You talk about MKUltra, he's it.
  These groups groom and prepare people for control so they know they've got full control of them.
  Well,
  The New World Order's got its programming regimen, God's got His.
  So while the enemy's building their soldiers, God's building His.
  Building you, which you went through in your life.
  So those persecutions and bad things that happened to you, when you fought back against them, and even if you didn't overcome them, if you fought against them, you became stronger, not weaker.
  Own your persecution!
  Own when you've been outnumbered.
  Own it!
  That's the power!
  That's what makes you strong.
  Not saying I'm a victim and rolling over and pissing all over yourself.
  Like these videos coming in of this latest Karen video.
  I forgot to tell you guys to get it.
  Go ask McBreen.
  He's got it.
  This woman flips this guy off and cuts him off.
  She pulls over and goes, Lenny, why are you being mean?
  She starts going, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
  The brainwashed racist black guy's got problems, but at least he thinks he's doing something.
  The person that pisses on themselves and gets on the ground and begs like a baby is the real enemy.
  Let me tell all the limp-wristed people, I don't mean you're gay, I mean people that are into being weak.
  Folks that are predators look for somebody like you.
  You know, I've had a couple big predators before come across me and try to shake me down when I'm... And they can just tell, it's not going to be easy.
  And I just tell them, look, let's just go ahead.
  Let's start dying.
  They always go away.
  Because they're going to go on to an easier subject.
  Because they know, I'm not bluffing.
  I'm ready to kill people.
  And they might win, but they're going to fight somebody that is going to hurt them really bad.
  Because I kick like a mule and I bite like a crocodile.
  And I'd bite people too.
  You get me down, I'll start biting big-ass chunks out of you.
  See how you like that?
  Big chunks.
  See, most people have a governor where they can't chomp down.
  I've bitten chunks out of people, had me down the size of two ounces of meat.
  You don't think the biggest, roughest guy gets off my back when I'm on the ground, when I chomp into his leg?
  I've done it many times.
  I'll bite right through your jeans!
  I'll tear a big-ass bloody wad out of your leg!
  Because I'm not dead!
  And I'm not bowing down!
  And I got the spirit of life in me, and I'm spreading it!
  I'm proud of being a human.
  And I'm proud of all you the breed that have red blood.
  And I'm here to tell you, we're gonna get us the Globalist.
  You look at that chicken-neck maggot, Bill Gates.
  Sorry, I'm digressing.
  He wants power over you because he's weak.
  The big pedophile news broke.
  The huge news of COVID being a total hoax just broke.
  Look at that maggot.
  Little snake.
  Alright, I'm gonna settle down, but we have this galactic level, 30,000 pedophiles in the German government, mainstream news, all exposed.
  Their cult is inches from being destroyed.
  Praise God, we'll be right back.
  In other words, they wanted me to lie.
  They put me under enormous financial and legal pressure to bear false witness against the president, and I refused to do this.
  It's been very disturbing over the last couple days.
  I've seen these fake stories about how Trump's heart is really not in it.
  He's not going to fight for re-election.
  He's thinking about heading for the tall grass.
  That's not the Trump I know.
  Trump I know is a fighter.
  Trump I know is a brawler.
  The Trump I know will never leave this country in the lurch.
  But I also know that there are members of the Trump campaign staff at the lower levels who are out shopping a memoir, a tell-all memoir, because they're already assuming his defeat.
  He's not going to lose, he's going to win.
  He's going to win if every one of us recognizes the inherent danger of his loss.
  He's the only thing that stands between us
  And globalism.
  He's the only thing that stands between us and a total socialist takeover of America.
  This may well be our last presidential election if he does not win.
  I really believe that.
  And my confidence in him has never been shaken.
  Look, Alex, this is really clear.
  On July 24th, 2019, the prosecutors working for Mueller approached one of my lawyers to propose a deal.
  And they were very careful in their wording.
  They said, it's time for your client to confess.
  It's time for your client to come clean.
  It's time for your client to re-remember these phone calls we have a record of between he and candidate Trump in 2016.
  And if he's prepared to tell the truth, which is that these phone calls pertain to coordinating the timing of the WikiLeaks disclosures and Russia,
  Well, we might be willing to propose to the judge that he serve no time.
  In other words, they wanted me to lie.
  They put me under enormous financial and legal pressure to bear false witness against the president, and I refuse to do this.
  I can document this.
  It is something that I have never regretted, not for a minute.
  Staring into the abyss, looking at 40 months in jail and what is in fact a de facto death sentence right now, I still say to you, I regret nothing that I did during the 2016 election because I didn't do anything wrong.
  In her tongue lashing at me sentence, the judge said that I was a belligerent.
  Let me define that for you.
  That means I wouldn't plead guilty.
  That means I wouldn't take responsibility for a crime I did not commit, which is my right as an American.
  And particularly, I would not roll over on the President of the United States like
  Michael Cohn and tell them what they wanted to hear.
  This was weeks before the Mueller report came out.
  It was clear to me they had no evidence of Russian collusion, but because the president had correctly and honestly said in the written answers to the Mueller interrogatory, the written questions, that he and I never discussed WikiLeaks, they thought that they could trip him up by getting me to say otherwise, and I refused.
  Since the beginning, Secret 12 has been one of our most popular formulas.
  Now, we're bringing you an all-new version to help you reach your energy peak.
  Ultra 12 from InfoWars Life takes advantage of the most effective and expensive form of B12 available, methylcobalamin, to provide you with twice the B12.
  Ultra 12 can help make DNA, support the body's energy production, and help produce healthy blood cells while assisting proper nervous system function.
  Take advantage of the superior form of B12 and head to InfoWarsStore.com today.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones!
  You are listening to a Frontline Report.
  You are listening to an InfoWars.com Frontline Report.
  If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance.
  Riders on the storm.
  Into this house we're born.
  To this world we're thrown.
  Into this world we're thrown.
  Fired like an arrow.
  Like a dog without a bone and actor out of love.
  Riders on the storm.
  It has no more control over itself than the man on the moon.
  There's a killer on the road.
  Once its trajectory has been chosen and once it's been loosed.
  Its brain is squirming like a toad.
  You can only go with your destiny or deny it.
  Let your children play.
  So if you give the globalists a ride, you're gonna die.
  Alright.
  I had intended to do the whole show last night on the COVID-19 hoax coming down because that's the key to stopping world depression.
  Hundreds of millions starving to death.
  But I don't just say that like we're superheroes fighting it.
  It totally freaks me out.
  I have nightmares over the fact this is a global depopulation operation and that we're not stopping.
  You talk about karma.
  You talk about reap what you sow.
  We know this.
  It's one thing to be evil and not care or be part of it, but to know it and not do enough to stop it or die trying,
  If I get measured by God as not doing enough, I mean, I'm guilty.
  So I shake, not at the New World Order, but I shake in God's presence that... that from the words, or the information, or all of it, it's all public, to look, stop this, it's a damn nightmare!
  So I shouldn't drift off into fantasies about slitting the gloveless throat.
  So I should realize that our weakness has allowed them to do this.
  We are the ones that have to get strong.
  We're the problem.
  I'm the problem.
  You're the problem.
  Let's be honest about it.
  And I was intending to cover that and then Roger was ready to do this big interview.
  So we did that.
  That was powerful.
  And DrugsReport.com link to it.
  It's important.
  She's a political prisoner and repudiating the whole Russiagate lie is important.
  But then right before the show, I saw these articles, and I already knew the backstory, but to see it in Bild and Der Spiegel and DW, and on the major national German TV, that 30,000 people, most of them government officials and bureaucrats in child protective services, are under investigation for pedophilia.
  I mean, actually keeping children, having sex with them.
  Look at that, BBC News.
  BBC's run by pedophiles, on record.
  Germany investigates 30,000 suspects over pedophile network.
  As I told you two weeks ago, breathlessly, that comes out of the DW.com, Berlin authorities place children with pedophiles for 30 years, thousands of them per city.
  And they would run a brothel for sex with children as young as five.
  So that government officials could come screw children.
  It's not enough to just talk about these people.
  If they don't go to prison or get executed, what are we going to do?
  I mean, it's really reached that point, hasn't it?
  They're vampires.
  And if you read Bram Stoker's Dracula, that's actually based on the religion of the globalists.
  There's not real vampires that live forever, but there's a bloodline that they believe lives forever, that goes back to Transylvania, that went through German royalty that became the British royalty, and the House of Dracula, Count Dracula, Gladion Pallor, and they do drink blood, and they do have sex with children, and what does Dracula, at the beginning of Bram Stoker's Dracula, do?
  He's got babies delivered to him that have been kidnapped for his brides to drink their blood.
  What do you think a black Sabbath is?
  You drink a blood, a baby's blood.
  You have a sex orgy and it's blood.
  I mean, I don't want to tell you about this type of stuff.
  This is mainline research.
  This is not debated.
  And you need to understand, folks, that they're not just having sex with kids.
  They're capping them.
  And they're torturing the living hell out of them before they die.
  Sometimes they can suck their blood with lances cutting into them for up to two days.
  And they love the children to beg and cry and scream for mommy.
  And I don't want to tell you about all this, but these people need killing, don't they?
  And they will.
  But if we go off half-cocked, they'll be the victim and get away with it.
  We have to walk softly, carry a big stick, be as wise as a serpent and peaceful as a dove, until God delivers judgment.
  And you'll know when that moment is, and we will be the implements of the judgment.
  God's hand picks us up like the dagger and thrusts it into the enemy's throat, but we do not direct it.
  And you'll know, you'll know the time.
  And when the time comes, it's important not to torture these people.
  You dispatch them like you dispatch a rattlesnake.
  I hate to put it on a rattlesnake or a cockroach.
  You step on them.
  And you move on.
  But they will die.
  But think about the quickening.
  There is so much
  Galactic news happening and it's gonna get crazier tomorrow and crazier the next day.
  So all I can tell you is get right with God.
  At DW.com, Berlin authorities place children with pedophiles for 30 years.
  German authorities place homeless children with known pedophiles.
  They call them homeless, they took them from their Christian families.
  German investigation, DW.com, 30,000 potential suspects in pedophile probe nationwide.
  And you read deeper, government-directed.
  Pedophiles might be one-tenth of one percent, but they get power, and they bring their people in, and finally, they bring all their people in, and they use litmus tests, political correctness, to decide who can be in and who can be out.
  That's just their cover.
  But behind the scenes, you take one look, I mean, everybody knows, without saying names of people, but when you look at the
  Well, let's just say the mayor of New York.
  I mean, let him keep your kids.
  I mean, that is a big fat demon right there.
  Looks just like Sandusky.
  They all look like Sandusky.
  Guys, put Sandusky on screen.
  They all got that zombie look.
  They're gone, man.
  Those are ghouls.
  But remember, a Sandusky is nothing but a Renfield.
  They deliver the children to the Dracula's.
  And I'm just going to tell you what a Dracula looks like.
  I'm not saying he's one.
  I'm just going to tell you what a Dracula looks like.
  Renfields all have that enslaved, little ferret, rat-like look.
  Black, white, old, young.
  They look like that.
  Draculas look like Sacha Baron Cohen.
  When you look at him at the ADL, or you look at... Hitler looks like a Dracula.
  Stalin looked like a Dracula.
  Lenin was a Dracula.
  Mao was a Dracula.
  They got that look, man.
  That's a predator right there.
  Now he may not want your kids.
  He just wants your speech and your freedom.
  Wants to put you in a prison.
  But when you look at him, you better get a chill down your spine because he's sworn to destroy you and your family.
  Now remember that.
  You gonna bow down to Dracula?
  What's Dracula not like?
  Dracula doesn't like the light of day.
  Doesn't like truth.
  Doesn't like God.
  Doesn't like being exposed.
  What else does Dracula not like?
  Healthy things.
  Nutrients.
  All the old lifetales are an archetype.
  Garlic.
  What's good for your body?
  What's good for your blood?
  What's good for everything, bud?
  What else does he not like?
  Doesn't like Christianity.
  The cross.
  Christ.
  Sacrifice.
  Holiness, blessing, praying.
  Yeah, look at John D. Rockefeller.
  I mean, if that ain't Nosferatu, baby, what ain't?
  What is?
  I'm gonna move out of that story, though, and get to the big one that can bring down the enemy.
  This torpedo, if loaded correctly and fired rightly, will sink the Bismarck.
  Flood, tubes 1, 2, and 3.
  Let me get down to the basic facts here.
  Money and word of mouth and psychic prayer is what makes this info wars thing go around.
  And you can see now, as there's massive shutdowns of everybody's free speech, how precious this place is.
  And I've told this story a hundred times.
  I'll tell it again.
  When I was totally banned everywhere two years ago, people said, how are you taking it?
  What's it like?
  And I said, they're coming for you next.
  I'm the beta test.
  I'm worried about everybody.
  It's a take-home.
  It wasn't selflessness that I was saying that.
  It was the truth.
  And so now we're here.
  Reddit's owned by the Communist Chinese.
  Four of the big six production houses are.
  But they're just fronts for the globalists as well.
  And then...
  We come out and break yesterday that the state of Texas admits they're ordered to create 15 times the COVID cases for every supposed real case.
  That's a fraud too.
  And they say we don't even need a COVID test.
  If you have the sniffles or a sore throat, that's COVID.
  And then 15 people around you, on average, will say you have COVID.
  And then I put that article out yesterday, that video, and I got all these emails and calls.
  Well, Alex, here's the hill.
  Months ago, you didn't know?
  Probable coronavirus deaths now included in CDC totals.
  They say it all right here!
  You're like, well, why'd they admit it?
  Because they hide it in plain view instead of hiding it.
  And then it's like, well, okay, that's just what they're doing.
  It's all a fraud that's killing the economy.
  And now lockdown two's here.
  What does Trump do?
  How does he speak out?
  How does he challenge it?
  How does he?
  They'll say every death is his fault.
  He doesn't capitulate to the terrorism.
  And now, now Gates says, oh, it's the flu.
  Oh, the pig virus out of China.
  There's always something new.
  They're creating phobias to control us.
  I just want to thank listeners for their support and for keeping us on air because I'm not worried about getting killed or put in prison, but I am worried about losing.
  So when you buy products at InfoWarsTore.com, when you spread the word, and when you pray for us, that changes the world.
  I need you to direct your will against the enemy.
  And if you believe we are a good vessel in the fight against that, then I ask for you to not give us your will like the left wants.
  Don't bow to us.
  Rise with us.
  Stand with us.
  Give us your strength.
  I give you my strength.
  I give you my commitment.
  I will not falter or waver.
  I will not back down.
  I'm not physically able to.
  And I will ask you for financial support with products you need.
  The 4th of July Big Mega Specials are here.
  Storewide free shipping.
  Double Patriot Points.
  That means 10% off your next order, not 5%.
  Vitamin Mineral Fusion with all the vitamins, all the minerals, the amino acids.
  So good for adults and children.
  Back in stock, 50% off.
  Dazzle Beats.
  So good for your heart and cardiovascular.
  Concentrated Beta Extract.
  Creates nitrous oxide in the blood.
  50% off.
  Bodies.
  The strongest turmeric formula we can get produced.
  95% are humanoid.
  The average competitor's like 3 or 5%.
  Those work great.
  This works amazing.
  50% off.
  DNA Force Plus with the PQQ, the CoQ10, and so much more.
  Get prepared.
  The whole enemy operation is about making you dependent.
  Making you domesticated so these scumbags can rule you.
  The opposite is what we need.
  Become strong.
  Don't bow to their slavery.
  Bow to their tyranny and become weak.
  Don't adapt by bowing.
  Adapt by living.
  The best revenge is living well.
  Please support us.
  God bless you all.
  When a person dies and is buried, it seems there's certain voodoo priests who have the power to bring him back to life.
  Horrible.
  It's worse than horrible because a zombie has no will of his own.
  You see them sometimes, walking around blindly with dead eyes, following orders, not knowing what they do, not caring.
  You mean like Democrats?
  If you are receiving this transition, you are the resistance.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order, it's Alex Jones.
  You walk into this room, you walk into reality.
  That's really what we need to do is break out of the proto-matrix, break out of the simulation.
  They're trying to insert us into Hollywood or false culture.
  You know, it's very important what I said earlier.
  That's really an overstatement.
  Everybody already kind of knows this, don't you?
  You know, God is the will of the universe.
  God is consciousness.
  God is the Almighty.
  And so vengeance is God's.
  But how does God deliver vengeance?
  Well, God delivers vengeance through us.
  But you've got to be real careful that you're actually following God's plan, and you'll know when it's time for vengeance.
  But if you won't engage in information warfare vengeance, then when it comes time, if ever, to execute violence, you will falter.
  You will waver.
  In fact, you won't even show up.
  A lot of people talk about how if we see you in troops, we'll kill them.
  And rightfully so!
  That's an invasion of our sovereign nation!
  That's a default position.
  But now the flag is evil.
  America's bad.
  The U.N.
  should run our police.
  Biden's giving a press conference now, babbling like he's on another planet.
  Like he's got a rotting, dementia-addled, mad cow brain, which he does.
  He says, America needs a president.
  Well, that means we don't need you.
  Don't take his weakness as weakness of the enemy.
  He's a placeholder.
  And I know you know that, but you did hear that here two years ago.
  And now you see it's confirmed.
  All right, listen.
  I get up here constantly and I'm like, this is an important article.
  That's an important article.
  This is an important video.
  And sometimes I beg and I plead to the audience to get excited about something, and rarely when I beg for something do I get it.
  So I almost get superstitious, where I just don't want to say this is super important, please promote it.
  Because when I don't promote something like it's super important, that goes to the zeitgeist.
  And a lot of times it's something that's important, but nothing compared to the stuff that I know.
  We'll devastate the globalists.
  We'll wreck their world.
  So I could sit here and break this story down, or you could go research it yourself and decide to promote it, but I'm telling you, you want to fire a torpedo to the New World Order.
  You want to sink their ship.
  You want to wreck their biggest hoax, COVID-19, that is creating a worldwide depression.
  You really want to save
  Millions of people?
  This is it?
  Including your own future?
  Because for you, it just means you'll be bankrupt and might be homeless.
  For the third world, it means a bunch are gonna die.
  And that's just because the globalists ain't got around to us yet.
  They're just bringing us down to third world status while they kill the third world, and then they'll get to us next.
  That's why empathy is a very selfish and good thing.
  So let's go ahead and lay this out.
  If you go to InfoWars.com or you go to NewsWars.com, there are articles and videos with a report.
  And we've got five times the previous record traffic right now.
  So thanks to DrugsReport.com linking to us.
  And also thanks to all the listeners promoting the links.
  You know, Roger Stone coming on today.
  And they tripled the servers again.
  We just signed an even bigger deal just this morning.
  When we saw the traffic surge, because we've got tens of thousands of people a second hitting Bandai Vidya.
  It's beautiful.
  For this story, the state of Texas confirms that the feds have ordered them to falsify COVID-19 numbers at least 15 times.
  What they actually are.
  For every person with COVID, they add 15 more people.
  That's the minimum.
  They talk about adding 36 people.
  No testing, no nothing.
  They go on to say, oh by the way, we don't count somebody as COVID that's tested positive.
  You have a runny nose, or a headache, or a sore throat, any one thing.
  You're now COVID, and then everyone around you is COVID.
  So that one's based on a fraud too.
  But see how they've already gotten us used to the fraud.
  Oh, they take all these people that die of car wrecks and cancer and heart attacks and gunshot wounds on record and put them in the COVID thing.
  They take nursing home patients they've killed and put them in the thing.
  And we know there's a lot of false positive tests, and we know that people, the antibodies, they count as having it, even though that means you already are immune to it.
  And it turns out this COVID-19, as the Spanish government said, has been around for years!
  You've all got it!
  That's why they chose it.
  So once, remember the Democrats keep saying, testing, testing, testing, testing, testing, testing.
  Oh, America's behind on testing, even though we've done more than anybody else.
  So that when you get it though, you get to go home and be upset and not work and watch Netflix and go, I've got it.
  I'm asymptomatic, but I've got it.
  And then your whole business shuts down and those outside the business shuts down, whether it's a grocery store or a warehouse or a farm or a factory or a police department.
  And we all are just shut down.
  Over a test that finds anybody that's had flu or coronavirus the last decade comes up positive in the main test.
  And then we get the video.
  And then we confirm, now it's pouring in from health departments around the country, that these are the documents.
  This is Collin County, 7th most populous county in Texas, suburb of Dallas, 800,000 people live there.
  And they show the government documents and they say,
  This is insane.
  The standard is so low to have COVID.
  Anybody with a sore throat, it says.
  Anybody with a sore throat has it.
  And then if that person has it, everyone around them has it?
  And they go, this is going to shut everything down.
  This is a lie.
  But they go, well, it's state law.
  Because the NIH said, here's the policies in the middle of May.
  Two days later, Texas and a bunch of the states, some states have said no to this.
  They have low COVID numbers.
  Say, OK, the legislature of Texas passed this.
  The governor, in an emergency, said it was the law.
  He's been given emergency powers by the legislature, so he did that.
  And so Abbott follows the U.N., follows Fauci, follows Governor Newsom, and the county judge says, this looks like B.S.
  to me, this is insane, this is going to cause a lot of problems.
  He talks to the medical director, they go, no sir, this is, you are correct.
  Anyone that has a sniffles, has a cough, or
  Test positive for COVID-19.
  We will then count everyone around them as having it as COVID cases.
  And the county judge is like, that'll cause a giant spike.
  It's a very competent meeting.
  I watched like hours of it yesterday.
  I wish we had a county commissioner like that in Austin.
  I mean, he knows all the facts.
  They do too.
  They're like, well, it's the law, so it's up to the legislature and the government to figure it out.
  And he goes, okay, so if you have the snibbles or a headache or a cough, or if you test positive, everybody around you has it too.
  So the testing is fake.
  The diagnostics are fake.
  They're counting people that haven't been tested as having COVID and then all those around you have COVID.
  And this happened over a month ago and we now learn about it and then now we're confirming it's all over the country.
  These are Homeland Security documents right here where they are telling the states
  If someone has a runny nose.
  I went for a four mile hike this morning.
  There's massive dust out of Africa blowing in.
  There's flowers everywhere.
  My nose was running.
  I had an handkerchief.
  I got allergies.
  Big deal.
  I could go to the doctor and say, my nose is running.
  Oh, my son, you have COVID.
  Think about that.
  And here's the thing.
  They've already trained us to put up with such fraud that now it's all out in the open.
  Where is this going to go?
  We have to expose it.
  We have to absolutely defeat it.
  Let me just say this.
  I've done an hour and 55 minutes of transmission and have not plugged yet.
  If we don't do this, we won't be here.
  Plus, these are great products you need to take advantage of.
  When we start the next hour, we have a special guest.
  Fourth of July Super Sale is now here.
  New deals added every day.
  Free shipping storewide on everything.
  Free shipping storewide.
  Double page reappoints.
  Up to 60% off.
  The average sale is 50% off.
  Vazzo Beats back in stock.
  So good for your heart.
  Cardiovascular system.
  Super concentrated.
  It's back.
  Body's ultimate tumor formula.
  It's so amazing.
  50% off.
  DNA Force, 50% off.
  Winter Sun with a vitamin D3.
  So good.
  And vitamin K for your immune system.
  50% off.
  What you need anyways.
  Not for this fraud, but just for life.
  Ultra 12.
  Highest quality vitamin B12.
  Take it out of the tub.
  50% off.
  Ultra 12 back in stock.
  Survival Shield X2 Iodine Spray, 33% off.
  Storable Food, now available again, only three weeks to deliver.
  Get it while you still can, folks, before the next big crisis.
  InfoWarsStore.com.
  We're ending the Fourth of July by supporting the Info War and getting products that enrich you and your family.
  But whatever you do, spread the word about the broadcast, because the power of you getting the video at InfoWars.com and NewsWars.com or Band.Video, that's an easier link to share, won't be censored as much.
  With the headline that State of Texas confirms, NIH and the Feds are caught exaggerating and faking the COVID numbers.
  That is so important to stop the depression, to stop the fraud, and to stop, more importantly, the mask and all this around getting you ready for forced inoculations, contact tracing with bureaucrats, and apps on your phone controlling you.
  This is their Chinese social score takeover.
  It's us or the COVID fraud.
  Let's destroy the hoax together.
  Stay with us.
  We need to get back to the land, back to self-sufficiency, and back to being prepared.
  And the way to start, ladies and gentlemen, is having friends and family with a bug-out plan if there is a total collapse, and water filtration, and food to last you at least a few months.
  And the food we have is very high quality.
  It's in great containers that are great to be mobile.
  They have wide selections, special diets, you name it.
  It's the best price you're going to find.
  You need to get the orders in now in the lull before the storm.
  I told you lockdown 2 was coming.
  The New World Order is making its move.
  Whether Trump loses or wins, things are just going to get more crazy.
  And this food lasts 25 years inside the containers.
  So it's something you can hide, something you can bury, something you know is an ace in the hole for you and your family in the future.
  And the little bit of profit that comes in funds the info war to continue to warn the people.
  So you're also funding InfoWars, the most powerful Paul Revere organization in the world.
  It's powered by you.
  Oh, hi!
  I'm Bill Gates.
  I want to give you some shots that are going to kill a lot of people and do hurt you, but we're going to be indemnified by governments, taxpayers.
  Also, my dad did run Planned Parenthood, and I do believe in depopulation and killing old people.
  But it's okay, because I'm wearing a pink sweater.
  And you notice who works for me.
  Mark Zuckerberg wears a pink sweater, too.
  And now all of his money is tax-free as well.
  And he wants you to take shots as well.
  So, if you don't take the shots we want to give you, we're going to have you taken off the internet for now, and you won't be able to leave your house unless you take the shots.
  So take the shots, because there's just too many people.
  I'm Bill Gates, reminding you, don't go to Bandod Video, and just do what I say.
  We need more childhood death, okay?
  Bye-bye.
  And I almost forgot, I'm wearing a pink sweater.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones!
  Breaking news this hour.
  Officials say multi-millionaire Jeffrey Epstein has taken his own life.
  Jeffrey Epstein is dead after being found unresponsive at a New York City jail Saturday morning.
  After apparently taking his own life.
  Officials say that his death was an apparent suicide.
  Surveillance video recorded inside the Metropolitan Correctional Center is missing.
  A camera situated just outside of Epstein's jail cell.
  The footage from at least one camera in the hallway may be too damaged or unusable for investigators.
  An FBI crime lab is examining two prison cameras that malfunctioned.
  Surveillance video from outside his jail cell?
  It's gone missing!
  Now this will of course raise even more questions about whether the surveillance cameras were purposely tampered with and if Epstein's death was more than just suicide by hanging as it was ruled in an autopsy.
  In what may become one of the biggest child molesting cases ever on record.
  Alex Jones called this years ago.
  Years ago.
  He was saying that they take a lot of famous people to this island and they have all these young girls that this guy hooks them up with.
  He was talking about this years ago.
  Now it is mainstream news.
  Doctor who witnessed Epstein autopsy.
  Death more consistent with homicidal strangulation than suicide.
  Isn't that amazing?
  For some odd reason, people that have information on the Clintons end up dead.
  And they usually die from suicide.
  The President of the United States is pushing a dangerous and completely unfounded murder conspiracy theory about his predecessor.
  He is spreading a conspiracy theory.
  Untrustworthy and ridiculous conspiracy theories.
  Tying the death of pedophile Jeffrey Epstein in prison to the President's former political rivals, the Clintons.
  Christmas ornaments, drywall, and Jerry Epstein.
  Name three things that don't hang themselves.
  Major twist tonight, the story involving that leaked video of ABC News anchor Amy Robach talking about the network she works for killing the Jeffrey Epstein story.
  It was unbelievable what we had.
  Clinton, we had everything.
  There will come a day when we will realize Jeffrey Epstein was the most prolific pedophile this country has ever known.
  I had it all three years ago.
  ABC's lead investigative journalist, Amy Rohrbach, is right.
  Jeffrey Epstein is the biggest pedophile America and the world has ever known.
  But he himself is just a front man for a larger network that is still ongoing to this day.
  And whose goals are nothing less than domination of human society by blackmail and corruption.
  Tonight we're going to document for you that individuals that work directly with Epstein are still carrying out operations very similar to the operation that he was running.
  And we're also going to show you
  Hiding in plain view examples of Senate reports, UN reports, and other institutional reports admitting that millions of women and children are being sexually trafficked every year, and that it's one of the biggest currencies on the planet.
  This is nothing less than modern slavery.
  And the corruption that comes out of it isn't like alcohol prohibition where people fell under the control of the mafia.
  It's far worse because they're falling under the control of organizations and groups who even engage in the murder, snuff films, of children.
  There is no bottom to this pit.
  Just like elites thousands of years ago
  began to degenerate and do things that are unspeakably evil.
  It's happening again today.
  And if we don't face the facts and move against these criminals, they're going to be able to take over the whole civilization like they've done the Vatican, Penn State, the Boy Scouts.
  There's nothing that's safe because this is a formula of evil and corruption.
  Now we're going to go to an investigator
  That I've known for two years.
  He was ready to go public.
  He's got recordings.
  He's got people admitting that they like to have sex with children.
  He's got it all.
  And I said, in this first rollout, let's just look what's hiding in plain view.
  You're going to get a look at some of that right now.
  Then I'm going to come back in here later and go over the Clinton body count and how it ties in to these charts on the deep state that were developed by the Epoch Times and they're very, very accurate.
  So whatever you do, please research this information for yourself and then share this report.
  The 4th of July 2020 special has gone into high gear.
  We have 50% off.
  Body's really strong extractive tumor and formula.
  Sold out for months.
  That's back in stock.
  DNA Force Plus with the PQQ, the CoQ10.
  So good for your cells.
  So amazing.
  That's back in stock.
  50% off.
  Winter Sun's been sold out for over three months.
  It's back in stock.
  Sure.
  High-quality vitamin D3.
  Take it under the tongue.
  Greater absorption.
  So good for your whole body.
  So essential.
  That's back in stock.
  Ultra 12.
  Super high-quality B12 when you take it under the tongue.
  That is back in stock.
  Survival Silk X2.
  Nacin Ion Spray.
  33% off.
  And so much more.
  So I want to thank you all this July 4th coming up for standing with us.
  I want to invite you to take advantage of these great deals and great products that enrich yourself and your family's life and also fund Hardcore Truth.
  Again, take action.
  Big 4th of July sales right now at FullWorksStore.com.
  We could not have done this without you.
  I thank you for your continued prayer, your focus, and your support.
  Again, I salute you all.
  From the front lines of the Information War, it's Alex Jones.
  Please research this information for yourself and then share this report.
  We had to build our own network, our own satellites, our own TV systems, and Band-Odd Video to even be able to get this out to you.
  So, here is the report.
  Welcome to AviLoop, your collected buying website for anything aviation.
  We offer deals on flight lessons, pilot accessories, fuel, FBO services, charter flights, and even small aircraft.
  Our deals are usually 50-90% off.
  That means, whether you want to learn to fly, charter an airplane, or to see more girls like me, AviLoop can help.
  You can even vote for your favorite deal attendant and win special prizes.
  Our membership is completely free.
  Our deals are unbeatable.
  And there's no catch.
  So what are you waiting for, Captain?
  Subscribe to our newsletter and get in the loop.
  You know, it's been years since I've been researching the Jeffrey Epstein case.
  The deeper I've gotten into my research, there's been bombshell after bombshell exposing new facts and bringing more revelations to light.
  But recently, the facts that I've come across have been so especially jarring that I come to you here today, albeit in a veiled identity, to bring those facts to light so that I can expose what the Epstein case has become.
  It has now transcended well beyond the facts behind the purported human trafficker into something much greater, into something that's a propaganda tactic
  We're good to go.
  One important figure in that scope is one of Epstein's victims, his former pilot, Nadia Markchenko.
  The media has performed cursory examinations of Markchenko, a full-fledged examination of businesses which she created during and after her association with Jeffrey Epstein has been entirely neglected.
  The construct of those organizations within the context of Epstein's network of associates brings about more concerning questions than answers.
  Now, by limiting public perception of the Epstein case, an inspection of Marchenko's businesses and their potential role in the underlying human trafficking operation operated by Epstein and others has yet to unfold.
  Some background on Nadia Marchenko.
  So Nadia Marchenko was born in what was then Czechoslovakia in circa 1986 before coming to the United States in 2000 under the name Nadia Marchenko.
  While Marcinko and others contend that she came to the United States to pursue a modeling career, which she did eventually establish, officials in law enforcement offer a different origin of her ingratiation into Epstein's network of associates.
  Detective Joseph Ricari investigated the underlying case which led to Epstein's arrest and consequent plea deal in Florida back in 2008.
  According to Ricari's notes following an interview with another of Epstein's victims,
  Epstein had purchased Marchenkova from her family in Yugoslavia.
  And she was purchased for the purpose of being a sex slave.
  Now, Detective Ricari's investigation also concluded that Epstein subjected Marcinko to sexual abuse as he began to rape her when she was only 15 years old.
  On one occasion, Epstein forced Marcinko into having sex with other victims, at least two of whom were underage.
  Now, despite the horrific abuse that Marcinko was certainly subjected to, she became deeply ingratiated into Epstein's life.
  Living with him in Palm Beach, as well as being provided other residences in New York City, as well as apparent financial support.
  Victims who were interviewed also described Marcinko as an actual enabler of Epstein's.
  Ultimately, Epstein's apparent favoritism of Marcinko was behind her becoming an FAA-licensed pilot who would ultimately go on to fly Epstein's private Gulfstream, now infamously known as the Lolita Express.
  Marcinko's role as the pilot of that aircraft conveys how deeply she was immersed into Epstein's network.
  In 2008, when Epstein was offered a non-prosecution agreement, Marcinko was granted immunity from criminal charges as a component of Epstein's plea.
  Despite the outcome of that case in 2008, Marcinko would continue to associate herself with Jeffrey Epstein as well as his brother Mark.
  Evidence of that association exists in the establishment of several businesses owned by Marchenko from 2005 to 2011.
  Welcome to AviLoop, your collective buying website for anything aviation.
  We offer deals on flight lessons, pilot accessories, fuel, FBO services, charter flights, and even small aircraft.
  Our deals are usually 50-90% off.
  That means, whether you want to learn to fly, charter an airplane, or just see more girls like me, AviLoop can help.
  Now, in 2005, the first of those businesses, Global Girl Limited Liability Corporation, was incorporated with the New York Department of State's Division of Corporations.
  This is the first business which Marchinko seems to have established.
  According to Detective Rickeri's deposition as part of a case between Ghislaine Maxwell and Virginia Guffray,
  A cross-reference of surveillance on Jeffrey Epstein's Florida residence revealed that the presence of Jeffrey's brother Mark Epstein, Dylan Maxwell, and Nadia Marchinkova was present.
  Now, Detective Ricari's finding is particularly relevant, considering it reveals that Mark Epstein was present during his brother's relationship with Marchinkova.
  Following Jeffrey Epstein's arrest, plea, and subsequent release from prison, Marchinkova would go on to found the company known as Avilu.
  The company's certificate of incorporation lists the delivery of service address as 301 East 66th Street in New York City, New York.
  The property of that address is notable because it's managed by Osa Properties.
  And Osa Properties, in turn, is owned by Jeffrey's brother, Mark Epstein.
  Now this address was also featured on the Avalube website until recently when it was removed following a request that I had made to Mark Epstein concerning whether or not Avalube currently held a commercial lease in that building.
  According to the Avalube website, it also has a sister company named Aviatri.
  However, there's no formal business registration with the name Aviatri filed with the same office that had incorporated Avalube.
  So now we need to examine the relationship between Avalube and Aviatri.
  So it's an American relationship to say the least.
  According to Marchinko, Aviloop is a consulting firm that works with aviation companies for a multitude of reasons.
  Among those is marketing, events management, pilot contracts, and things of that nature.
  But one notable facet of Aviloop's operation
  Reveals its sister company, Aviatree.
  Now, this mention is present under a section of the AviLoop website that attests to its commitment to diversifying the workforce of companies in the aviation industry with more female pilots.
  Now, while AviLoop does not contain a direct contact number, the Aviatree website does list one.
  However, the voicemail that you would receive from that contact number indicates that the caller has actually reached AviLoop.
  This makes delineating between the two businesses very difficult.
  Understanding Aviatri's purpose gives you greater insight into how these companies may be an integral part of the Jeffrey Epstein Human Trafficking Network.
  Now, the purpose of Aviatri allegedly...
  Is to work, you know, on behalf of aspiring female pilots who want to break into the aviation industry by recruiting them to provide them a multitude of services including online courses, flight training, financial assistance, and ultimately job placement.
  Welcome to classic flight training on obbyloop.com.
  My name is Claire, and I'm your deal attendant.
  With today's deal, you can channel your inner Top Gun, climb into the cockpit, and learn to fly an airplane.
  You can even practice saying, ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking.
  The flight lasts one hour under the supervision of an FAA instructor, begins with a ground school lesson, and ends with a new perspective on what you were born to do.
  Born to do.
  Clearly your attractiveness increases with every flight under your belt.
  Just remember to wear your aviators and pick a cool call sign, Captain.
  iBloop also has a dedicated YouTube channel to serve as an outlet for its marketing and promotional material.
  However, the YouTube channel simply hosts only four different promotional videos, each of which was posted in 2011.
  Each video is a monologue performed by one of three different girls.
  The monologue makes superficial references to the services which Oviloop offers while enticing prospective members who just want to meet more girls into signing up with the company.
  Now each girl is performing a monologue dressed in a costume-esque pilot outfit and appears to be young, if not underage.
  Clearly your attractiveness increases with every flight under your belt.
  And now for a look into why Oviloop's marketing materials are certain to arouse suspicion.
  Hi, welcome to Kohl's Flight School on avalube.com.
  My name is Ashley and I'm your JILL attendant.
  Anyone who claims that humans were not meant to fly never experienced the thrill of their own successful landing.
  If you've been bitten by the flying bug and you want to add multi-engines to your pretty green license...
  Hollywood, the Democratic Party, the unelected EU bureaucracy, and the Fortune 100 corporations are almost unanimously rooting against America, against the American people, and against our President Donald Trump.
  They're all over the news saying the American century's over, and that America's quarantined, and that COVID-19 was our fault, and that the United States may not even exist in the future, and certainly isn't going to be a superpower.
  We have to be politically more engaged than we've ever been before to stop this Newell-Lore takeover.
  But we also have to understand we have to reach out to God and pray and ask for God's intervention.
  And we also have to be physically prepared for what's happening.
  If you don't have a firearm and don't know how to use it, don't have ammo, you really should get some.
  And you really should get high-quality swearable foods and water filtration systems.
  And in those two departments, water filtration and swearable food, we have the highest quality at the best price you're going to find anywhere.
  I would suggest now you get storable food today.
  It only takes about four weeks to ship it out to you.
  So many others are sold out, but InfoWareStore.com has it and is ready to ship it to you.
  The New World Order social engineers are all on record that their entire program is about domesticating us, dumbing us down, and making it to where we are not self-sufficient.
  During the Great Depression in the 1920s, it's estimated by major universities that around 7 million Americans starved to death from malnutrition or died from diseases because their immune systems were run down.
  Now, back then we were 90% rural, and almost everybody was self-sufficient.
  Now we're 90% urban, and of the 10% that are rural, it's estimated that less than half of those are actually self-sufficient.
  We are sitting on top of a time bomb.
  We have been domesticated.
  I know how to skin a buck and run a trot line, but I don't know one-hundredth of what my grandfather knew.
  I don't know one twentieth of what my dad knew.
  And quite frankly, I've dropped the ball.
  My children are city slickers.
  They know how to shoot a gun, change a tire.
  That's about it.
  We need to get back to the land, back to self-sufficiency, and back to being prepared.
  And the way to start, ladies and gentlemen, is having friends and family with a bug-out plan if there is a total collapse and water filtration and food to last you at least a few months.
  And the food we have is very high quality.
  It's in great containers that are great to be mobile.
  They have wide selections, special diets, you name it.
  It's the best price you're gonna find for quality food like this.
  And most importantly, all the other big companies have become fly-by-night.
  They only keep a little bit of food on hand, and it's low quality, it's overpriced, if they even have it.
  And they'll lie to you and say, oh, we ship in two weeks.
  They're not.
  They're still shipping in six to eight weeks, and you can find it.
  But...
  Our sponsor that we've been partnered with for 11 years, My Patriot, has the food, has four plants in the United States, several sub plants, and a lot of their food shipped out within two weeks.
  But on average, it's about four.
  But you need to get the orders in now in the lull before the storm.
  I told you lockdown two was coming.
  I told you they're going to have new versions of the virus.
  The New World Order is making its move.
  Whether Trump loses or wins, things are just going to get more crazy.
  And this food lasts 25 years inside the containers.
  So it's something you can hide, something you can bury, something you know is an ace in the hole for you and your family in the future, and the little bit of profit that comes in funds the InfoWar to continue to warn the people.
  So you're also funding InfoWars, the most powerful Paul Revere organization in the world.
  It's powered by you.
  Get ready, get prepared, spread the word.
  Whatever you do, pray to God and get yourself right with God because this is the real deal and things only get crazier from here on out.
  Good luck and God bless.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order, it's Alex Jones.
  Qualify those videos as just being entirely inappropriate.
  Now, within the context of a human trafficking network and a business owned by one of its associates, it might be fair to say that those videos are instead nefarious, promising to...
  Give visitors the opportunity to see more girls like these, along with these sexualized costumes, makes it very difficult to believe that Aviatri or AviLoop is indeed trying to recruit aspiring female pilots for the purposes of advancing their careers.
  Now, we looked into this to the effect that we reached out to both Osa Properties and as well as to Avi Loop to try to get Mark Epstein or Nadia Marchenko to comment on these issues.
  It was to, of course, no avail.
  Now, following an inquiry made to Mark Epstein, Jeffrey's brother and the owner of Osa Properties, Avi Loop actually removed the 301 East 66th Street, New York, New York address.
  That was mentioned on its website.
  Following an inquiry made directly to AviLoop concerning its address as well as its relationship with Aviatree, the phone number listed on the Aviatree website was entirely removed.
  Changes were made to the AviLoop website as well to remove any mention of its sister company, Aviatree.
  However, those changes have since been reversed.
  Additionally, the main Aviatree website domain, www.aviatree.com,
  I'm good.
  Now this concludes the information that I've compiled about the businesses associated with Nadya Marchenko.
  All of this information is in the public sphere.
  It's been brought to the attention of other mainstream media outlets.
  However, they've decided not to follow up on this story.
  That's what makes it so important for people who are seeing this story to search this out on their own, because it's pretty apparent that Jeffrey Epstein and his network of associates and their crimes have not died with him.
  You can even vote for your favorite deal attendant and win special prizes.
  Our membership is completely free.
  Our deals are unbeatable.
  And there's no catch.
  So what are you waiting for, Captain?
  Subscribe to our newsletter and get in the loop.
  Again, I want to thank you for caring enough to be tuned into this special report.
  And I want to remind you that
  This is not a spectator sport.
  We need men and women in the arena.
  So please research the information we lay out here.
  When you find out it's even far worse than we're saying because we're limited by time, I hope that you'll join us in researching this further and exposing it.
  But whatever you do, please share this vital report that we're here on Christmas Eve bringing you.
  Now, you saw my brief intro.
  You saw the investigator and researcher break down some of this information.
  But now we're going to get into even more and zero in on some of the cases and then also pull back and give you the 35,000 foot view.
  But one word describes this.
  Yes, you can say evil.
  Yes, you can say money, power, corruption, control.
  But there's a word that describes it.
  It has all those words in it.
  It's called slavery.
  And since the beginning of recorded history, humans have enslaved other humans.
  And then generally those civilizations begin to collapse, because how we treat the least of us, we end up treating ourselves.
  And so, the important takeaway for me here, before we lay out more of this information, is that Epstein is only
  A minion in this.
  And making it all about Epstein and saying he's the greatest pedophile in history is not true.
  He was just a high-level manager of these networks.
  And so to make it just about him, and he's that lone monster, is to cover up the reality of what's beneath the water and the larger iceberg, not just the crest of it, not just the tip of it.
  I literally have over 200 articles, Senate reports, documents in front of me.
  Where it's admitted that at an industrial scale, women and little girls and boys are being trafficked in sex slavery.
  And also being killed in snuff films.
  So before we go back and talk to the investigator who's here in studio with me, let me just show you a few headlines that deal with this.
  Here is Wired Magazine last year celebrating my deplatforming.
  And amongst the things they say I'm being platformed for is claiming that there are large pedophile networks using it to blackmail and control people.
  And there's a black hand dragging me into the darkness.
  They're really throwing it.
  In your face.
  So remember, mainstream media has been covering this up, just like ABC News' own head investigative journalist said.
  The blackmail, the Clintons, the little girls, all of it.
  But she was ordered to shut it down.
  Here's another one.
  Washington Post.
  Oh, democracy dies in the darkness.
  Well, so do the children.
  Obama administration placed children with human traffickers.
  Senate report.
  Documents as young as two years of age, some of which were killed, knowingly.
  Oh, but that's just Obama.
  The Clintons, Laura Sillsby, and Haitian human trafficking.
  She was found guilty of smuggling thousands of children out, some of which ended up dying, many of which were in rituals.
  And now she changed her name and she heads up the company that has the contract for Amber Alerts.
  Very helpful to know when people call in with alerts of where missing kids are so that the establishment, the insiders, can make any changes they need to to protect the children, I'm sure.
  Yes, ladies and gentlemen, you just heard me right.
  And then, of course, the London Guardian asked, oh, has the UN learned the lessons of thousands of women and children kidnapped and trafficked all over the world?
  No, the UN is a white slavery operation.
  Again, white slavery means sex slavery.
  So again, the AP's own report two years ago detailed tens of thousands of trafficked children all over the world, hundreds of which
  Have been found dead.
  Huge report.
  Multi-year investigation.
  Almost no coverage.
  A blip on the radar.
  So, let's expand now.
  The Zorro Ranch, where they were doing secret breeding programs, and where billionaires were traveling to supposedly impregnate young girls with the genetics of the master race.
  Here's some of the articles.
  Jeffrey Epstein wanted to turn Mexico Ranch into baby-making factory.
  Once this began to come out in the last year, we'd already exposed it.
  They all tried to limit it to Jeffrey Epstein to say he was trying to do it.
  It was about him and his babies.
  No, it was about eugenics and the National Security Study Memorandum 200 from Henry Kissinger to set up a world government plan to eradicate the third world population and to create a super race.
  This was being carried out at the Albert Einstein University.
  By the shadow government headed up by Bill and Melinda Gates, Warren Buffett, Ted Turner, and others like Oprah Winfrey.
  Here it is in NBC News.
  Top billionaires hold secret meeting.
  And this was run by Jeffrey Epstein, and they're telling you how great it was, and how they were like superheroes, and they admit Jeffrey Epstein was the manager of it.
  Secret of Rich Cabal?
  Meet to discuss population control.
  Wall Street Journal's Billionaires Try to Shrink World Population report says.
  And who is running that as the manager?
  Jeffrey Epstein.
  Let me get down to the basic facts here.
  Money and word of mouth and psychic prayer is what makes this info wars thing go around.
  And you can see now, as there's massive shutdowns of everybody's free speech, how precious this place is.
  And I've told this story a hundred times.
  I'll tell it again.
  When I was totally banned everywhere two years ago, people said, how are you taking it?
  What's it like?
  And I said, they're coming for you next.
  I'm the beta test.
  I'm worried about everybody.
  It's a take.
  It wasn't selflessness that I was saying that.
  It was the truth.
  And so now we're here.
  Reddit's owned by the Communist Chinese.
  Four of the big six production houses are.
  But they're just fronts for the globalists as well.
  And then we come out and break yesterday that the state of Texas admits they're ordered to create 15 times the COVID cases for every supposed real case.
  That's a fraud too.
  And they say we don't even need a COVID test.
  If you have the sniffles or a sore throat, that's COVID.
  And then 15 people around you, on average, will say have COVID.
  And then I put that article out yesterday, that video, and I get all these emails and calls.
  Well, Alex, here's the hill.
  Months ago, you didn't know?
  Probable coronavirus deaths now included in CDC totals.
  They say it all right here!
  You're like, well, why'd they admit it?
  Because they hide it in plain view instead of hiding it.
  And then it's like, well, okay, that's just what they're doing.
  It's all a fraud.
  It's killing the economy.
  And now lockdown 2 is here.
  What does Trump do?
  How does he speak out?
  How does he challenge it?
  How does he?
  They'll say every death is his fault.
  He doesn't capitulate to the terrorism.
  And now Gates says, oh, it's the flu.
  Oh, the pig virus out of China.
  There's always something new.
  They're creating phobias to control us.
  I just want to thank listeners for their support for keeping us on air because I'm not worried about getting killed or put in prison, but I am worried about losing.
  So when you buy products at InfoWareStore.com, when you spread the word, and when you pray for us, that changes the world.
  I need you to direct your will against the enemy.
  And if you believe we are a good vessel in the fight against that, then I ask for you to not give us your will like the left wants.
  Don't bow to us.
  Rise with us.
  Stand with us.
  Give us your strength.
  I give you my strength.
  I give you my commitment.
  I will not falter or waver.
  I will not back down.
  I'm not physically able to.
  And I will ask you for financial support with products you need.
  The 4th of July Big Mega Specials are here.
  Storewide Free Shipping.
  Double Patriot Points.
  That means 10% off your next order, not 5%.
  Vitamin Mineral Fusion with all the vitamins, all the minerals, the amino acids.
  So good for adults and children.
  Back in Stock 50% off.
  Dazzle Beats.
  So good for your heart.
  Cardiovascular.
  Concentrated Beta Extract.
  Creates Nitrous Oxide in the blood.
  50% off.
  Bodies.
  The Strongest Tumor Enformer.
  We can get produced.
  95% Humanoid.
  The average competitor's like 3 or 5%.
  Those work great.
  This works amazing.
  50% off DNA Force Plus with the PQQ, the CoQ10, and so much more.
  50% off with the free shipping, with the double Patriot points, all of these.
  Winter Sun, vitamin D3, organic, under the tongue, with vitamin K to supercharge it.
  Your body's gotta have this.
  I always say take it, not for the COVID hoax, but for stuff in general.
  Of course, if you don't have vitamin C or water or whatever, you'll die!
  You need this!
  Ultra 12, high quality vitamin B12, under the tongue.
  It's back in stock, 50% off.
  So much more.
  Storable food, back in stock.
  Greatest ship within three weeks.
  InfoWarship.com.
  Get prepared.
  The whole enemy operation is about making you dependent, making you domesticated so these scumbags can rule you.
  The opposite is what we need.
  Become strong.
  Don't bow to their slavery.
  Bow to their tyranny and become weak.
  Don't adapt by bowing.
  Adapt by living.
  The best revenge is living well.
  Please support us.
  God bless you all.
  This is their plan, people.
  These are demons.
  Just like the Bible says, it's basically an intergalactic invasion into this space through people.
  I'm telling you, it's what all the ancients said, it's what they warned of, it's what we're dealing with.
  They're frickin' interdimensional invaders, okay?
  I hate this channel.
  No!
What is that?! !
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones!
  Rallying patriots worldwide in defense of human liberty.
  It's Alex Jones.
  MIT Media Lab rocked by new Jeffrey Epstein.
  Revelations!
  And again, recruiting the head of Harvard, recruiting the head of MIT, getting the key people into this group.
  Not just with underage girls having sex, but far worse.
  Human cloning research.
  All of it's going on.
  Funding this in China.
  And that's how you control society, is controlling the scientific elite.
  A lot bigger than Jeffrey Epstein.
  Here he is with Harvey Weinstein.
  And here he is with the former top Mossad operative's daughter.
  Again, their eyes wide shut style regalia at the Prince's party.
  So he was bigger than just a Mossad agent.
  He was a deep state agent in the CIA, MI6, British intelligence.
  Now, I have hundreds of these articles and now they're admitting that it was a blackmail operation.
  But again, more than just sex with underage girls.
  It's terrible that happened to the underage girls.
  But we know it got even sicker and that smugglers were bringing very young children, according to locals, who witnessed it, to Little St.
  John's Island.
  I don't
  Incredible.
  So, again, Jeffrey Epstein didn't kill himself.
  Well, it's a lot bigger than that.
  And then you see the NXIVM cult trying to set up similar systems and connect it into the Clintons and the Rothmans because they're setting these networks up at the highest levels to the mid-levels and the low level for societal control.
  All of it is compartmentalized.
  Now, I'm going to go over the Clinton
  Body count chart and some of the other deep state charts where they use all of this to blackmail.
  Then we're going to look at meme wars, memetic war that our guest has written a paper on.
  And again, how they use limited hangouts like Epstein ran it all with the meme of he didn't kill himself to cover up how deep the rabbit hole really goes.
  But this is all fact.
  This is all admitted.
  And the question is, what are we as a society going to do about it?
  So talking to the investigator, there's a lot we didn't get into earlier in your presentation.
  And you wanted to say who you were.
  I thought because you're still talking to a lot of these people.
  That's right.
  Celebrities, well-known people, to admit with you in conversations that they like little kids.
  I mean, they've said, what's wrong with sex?
  Right.
  Yeah, they've deferred to, and like you said earlier, when you co-opt academia, that's, you know...
  That's a big sign that this is just a social control movement.
  And in the conversations that I've had with these people, that's what they go to right away.
  They go to these academic rationalizations that, you know, everyone can wrap their head around something because it's been justified by quote-unquote research.
  But all it really is is a way for them to, I guess, validate their behaviors.
  But that's the direction that these things are going in.
  People are... You're right.
  Mad scientists, whether it's the Nazis or the Soviets.
  Absolutely.
  They're the cutting edge.
  They're the cutting edge of society, and other people don't understand them.
  And it's just a way to rationalize things.
  But at the same time, it's particularly dangerous because when you talk about a social control aspect, people in the mainstream, they do look to academics for guidance.
  And it's easy to see how
  Those ideals can, you know, pervert society.
  They permeate into it and all of a sudden you have things just being accepted when they otherwise shouldn't be.
  And a big part of that is what we went over today.
  People aren't, you know, doing the research on their own.
  They're able to fall victims to memetic warfare campaigns because they're being spoon-fed.
  Things catch on, they permeate into popular culture.
  And at the end of this presentation, we're going to have that segment you did on meme warfare for folks because that's critical.
  I even felt bad spending five minutes racing through Senate reports admitting this.
  I've got stacks of reports out of Italy and Russia of little kids, three-year-old boys, kidnapped and tortured to death after being gang raped and shot in the head.
  And then the video of it being sold to Hollywood.
  This is a giant black hole.
  It's a Ponzi scheme to compromise people.
  And then an excuse to carry these operations out.
  It's truly, truly evil.
  But when you point out things like they have YouTube channels where young women are saying, come here, go on this airline, you like young girls like me, and it's a former pilot of Epstein, clearly that's something the media knows about.
  You brought it to them.
  It's an example of how crazy this is.
  And then even something like that, the media won't follow up on it because supposedly, again, it's all just Jeffrey Epstein.
  Right, and another response I've gotten from the media is that, you know, and admittedly there are cursory references to people like Nadia Marchenko.
  People do bring that up in a very superficial light.
  I've been told by mainstream media sources that have turned down my stories that I'm not really presenting any sort of new information.
  In a very respectful way, you know, I respond to them.
  You know, by saying, then why isn't there anything about aviator out there?
  I mean, why haven't you guys shown these videos?
  These videos are rather damning.
  And I mean, if these are purported, you know, potential victims of a human trafficking network, I mean, what value is there to have a nationally renowned media source show a picture of these kids?
  What are the odds you have millions of viewers?
  Someone might not recognize them.
  Well, exactly right.
  The point that they've mentioned in one place or no no that's the cover-up right there of Hiding in plain view and that's really the big story here is is it mainstream media is covering this up?
  We've only scratched the tip of the iceberg here.
  This is not known because they don't cover it and you look at these girls I have a 15 year old daughter that looks older than most of those girls and again This is the pilot for Epstein currently involved in this currently running this is sensational.
  Mm-hmm
  Yeah, and it's common sense.
  I mean, like, if I was to show you that video, independent of the context, you would view it as being creepy.
  I mean, anyone in their right mind would view it as at least being wildly inappropriate.
  And the idea that you could run a business being the associate of, you know, the most notorious human trafficker, you know, known to society.
  I mean, he has the most notoriety in terms of his name.
  And the fact that, you know, what woman is going to say, oh yeah, no, I'm going to take these airline classes.
  Oh, who runs the company?
  Oh, you know, it was Jeffrey Epstein's former pilot.
  It's nonsense.
  The idea that this is a company that's running a legitimate operation that's going to have the revenue to operate, it's far from that.
  It's incredible.
  The only ones yet is $5 million a year.
  So pulling back from this, even a small one, pulling back from this,
  We've been talking for two years or so, and you brought me a lot of evidence, a lot of research, and you've got a lot that is, that you're willing to give to law enforcement, and that you've brought to mainstream media that they haven't gone with.
  Text messages, prominent people saying, what's wrong with sex with little kids?
  Okay, and then people have been publicly out there denying that they're involved in stuff like this, even though they've been connected to it.
  You've got a lot of that, but I chose not to go with that at this point.
  If law enforcement wants to contact you again or the New York Post or wherever, you're ready.
  Because it's, it's, it's again, I know what the people will...
  What will capture people's attention to go, wait a minute, looks like a bunch of 15, 16 year old girls saying, hey, come learn how to fly with us.
  And by the way, if you like me, you like how I look, come join us.
  This is obvious what this is with someone who's dead, reportedly, and who was connected to all this trafficking.
  And then it's his former pilot that's doing this and it's ongoing.
  Again, right there, this alone is like the string on the sweater that pulls the whole thing out.
  And I'm not saying that the pilot who flew all these times is guilty.
  I know that she was a suspect, is a suspect.
  All I'm saying is this whole thing stinks to high heaven.
  Yeah, and the intricacy of the network, I mean, it's just, it's beyond coincidence that not only is it his former pilot, and someone who is named as a potential co-conspirator, who was actually given immunity in the 2008 plea agreement that Epstein had been given, it's not actually that it's just her, it's her running it out of Jeffrey Epstein's brother's property.
  Someone who's the executor of this estate, someone who's essentially at the forefront of the damage control in terms of just closing the claims that these victims are going to have.
  Well, this woman is as important as Maxwell, one of the reported pimps.
  Right.
  I was supposed to have a new whitewash piece come out soon.
  Looking live there at the White House lawn, Alex Jones, the controversial host, Trump supporter, out there with a bullhorn.
  Alex Jones was right again, M4 wars didn't give it a spin.
  Call your family, remind your friends.
  And Alex Jones was right again.
  I started listening back in 2010.
  Obama's deception, it was quite the gem.
  Ain't no difference between Bush and him.
  And Alex Jones was right again.
  Exposed African and corny 2012.
  Made fun of the trendies dressed like him.
  The guy got locked in a loony bin.
  And Alex Jones was right again.
  You're a hatchet man of the New World Order.
  He called Piers Morgan a hatchet man.
  Gun confiscation, that was the plan.
  Well, Piers got cancelled from CNN.
  Because they're panicking.
  Because it's hard to steal a landslide election.
  He spoke against Big Tech censorship, confronted Congress Marco Rubio,
  The radio got pissed, Oliver Darcy crawled out of a cow's rear end, and Alex Jones was right again.
  Now the next day on Twitter, Alex got banned, and the fake news rejoiced all across the land.
  They'd created their strongman.
  Alex Jones, right again!
  Well, I knew that the mass overcrowding and censorship was coming, and I knew they were going to use medical tyranny, because I could read what the Rockefeller Foundation and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation were saying.
  I made a film about Bill Gates.
  He's a big part of it, and it predicts a worldwide medical tyranny.
  So, when Alex tells you,
  Yeah, well, Orange Man's bad.
  Bill Gates in China?
  They're not our friend.
  And Alex Jones?
  Gonna be right again.
  I'm Bill Gates, and I'm a liberal.
  Alex Jones was right again.
  InfoWars didn't give it a spin.
  Call your family.
  Remind your friends.
  Alex Jones was right again.
  Was it as bad as I said, guys?
  Yeah, you tried.
  You're still crazy, but you're right.
  Yeah, you done gone off your rocker there, Alex, but you're still right.
  Yeah, you're just a little lewd in here.
  It uses a medicinal herb of thousands of years.
  Turmeric is one of the most studied ingredients known today.
  It is there for the joint support, mobility support, flexibility support, inflammation support, immune support.
  And it's got the turmeric root extract, the boswellia serrata extract, organic spearmint, sage, lemon balm, thyme leaves, and piperine from black pepper.
  It will help you take control of your body and feel the power of turmeric like never before.
  Right now at infowarsstore.com.
  Please support this network.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones!
  From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones.
  The thing about Ghislaine that's, you know, important to point out here is that's somebody who is, you know, she's out there and everyone understands, that's done any sort of research into this case, who she is.
  But even with that prominence, you know, the common person who's relying on the mainstream media probably doesn't know who she is.
  So that's why when you implore people to do their own investigation, take it on to themselves to look into these things,
  It's imperative because if they're going to be reliant upon the mainstream media to be, you know, given this information, they're not going to get it.
  You can't trust the same source that covered this case up for the better part of at least three decades to close the book on.
  Well, that's right.
  And we know the media is covering it up.
  We know that the Justice Department hasn't moved against this particular network because it's so elite.
  We know the Queen has started the process of ostracizing Prince Andrew, which she should.
  He was at the Christmas party over the weekend though, so I mean, um, you know, when you look at what happened in the Jimmy Savile case, Jimmy Savile obviously was very close with Prince Charles.
  One of his best friends.
  Yeah, he was going to be the, uh, my understanding is he was going to be Prince Harry's godfather until some of the controversy broke and they kind of... And they did discover his satanic dungeon.
  Absolutely.
  Killing children, sex with dead bodies.
  Absolutely.
  And in many ways, that's what Jeffrey Epstein was.
  He was very much a gatekeeper for these kinds of operations.
  I call him a Renfield.
  He was a Dracula character, right.
  He's a face to put to the operation that you can put a lot of the blame on and when you wipe him off people think that everything goes down with him.
  It came out in Florida, in the one county, hundreds of girls, 13, 14, 15, who they were in pressure to go out and get more girls, more girls, more girls, because they were getting so many men into the network and compromising.
  These are armies of people that they've compromised.
  Yeah, and Virginia Guffray, who is obviously, I think, the most outspoken victim of Epstein's in deposition testimony in a defamation case between she and Ghislaine Maxwell.
  She had talked about how she got away from that network, how she escaped, so to speak, and she talked about how when she was brought to Thailand by Maxwell and by Epstein that she was informed that she was going to start being a recruiter for lack there of a better term.
  That now she was going to be bringing girls into the network.
  And at that point, you know, she decided that she was just simply going to run away.
  And fortunately, she survived.
  And to this day, it's probably the best resource we have for, you know, what was really going on in that scheme.
  But that's exactly what happens.
  And you see with Marcinko, it's terribly unfortunate that somebody who was a victim of Jeffrey Epstein's or of any predators, you know, invariably becomes one.
  But that's the cyclical nature of this abuse.
  And we see the reports of him going to the Bosnia-Herzegovina area and purchasing 12, 13-year-old girls from their families.
  That's what goes on in these incredibly poor areas.
  And then we have now his flight manifesto with Bill Clinton.
  Most of the flights, Bill Clinton did not take Secret Service and it was not on there.
  And they describe in these logs, I mean here it is for TV viewers, they describe in these logs that ABC News and others have had for many, many years that
  The girls, again, were dressed like candy canes and things.
  Very young, very skinny, girls that look 14, 15, 16.
  And that's exactly what we now see in this new flight organization.
  Right.
  Where, again, they're telling women, hey, you want to learn how to be a pilot?
  Come to us so they can then process them through, see if they meet whatever the requirements are.
  I mean, these are people that worked for someone that was doing this on these aircraft.
  Yeah.
  And so it's really a 2 plus 2 equals 4 scenario.
  Maybe nothing's going on.
  And, you know, maybe pigs fly.
  I'm just simply saying...
  We need to see movement against this area and countless others.
  I mean, you've done a lot more research, which, again, the media goes, oh, well, we've never really talked about that, but that's known, so it doesn't matter.
  That's like saying somebody knows there's a basement full of dead kids.
  We don't go check it because they know about it.
  No.
  They, again, try to normalize all this like it's no big deal and just hope, like you said, it becomes Jeffrey Epstein did a kill-himself meme and it stops there.
  But we know it's a lot bigger.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  That's the whole point.
  It's so big, all the information's out there that it goes to show how protected, how insulated everybody is.
  So unless people are going to take it onto themselves, through their own volition, to do the research, and not only to do the research,
  But to take that information and to use it to elicit change, I mean, nothing's going to happen.
  We've relied upon these law enforcement agencies, we've relied upon these media sources, and we've relied upon these politicians.
  And this is exactly what it's brought us.
  And this is just essentially how the wheel turns.
  And if we keep letting it turn this way, then nothing's going to change.
  Well, I was told
  16, 17 years ago when I would still go out and go on shows and go to Hollywood five or six times a year and I ended up getting in at the A-list and it was just a bunch of depressed, really freaked out people.
  Even the gorgeous women that were there looked soulless.
  It just really felt empty and
  These people would tell me.
  They'd say, look, we're not into kids, but a lot of people are.
  That guy's a pedophile.
  This guy's a pedophile.
  They'd tell me stories about going to a party with A-listers, and there'd be like, you know, 10-year-old girls, like, you know, 9-year-old boys.
  And it would be the star kids.
  And the parents would be there managing them, and everybody knew that they were, quote, stars.
  You know, because the parents let people have sex with them, and the parents then dominated and controlled them.
  So we're talking serious abuse, and you've got Disney famously hiring convicted child rapists to come back and direct more films.
  I mean, there's so many examples.
  The Guardians of the Galaxy director, you know, hosting parties that are pedophile-themed and, you know, making jokes about it.
  I mean, this is the entry-level card.
  Right, and that's a huge part of it, because you talk about media.
  Absolutely.
  You talk about media, you talk about normalization.
  You know, drugging and raping a young woman, analing when she's 13, a young girl, that's okay?
  Right.
  No, it's not.
  It's not, of course not.
  But that's the thing, is that they want it to be okay in media, and especially entertainment media is the easiest way to normalize things.
  And whether it's, you know, accepting people into that strata of society without batting an eye,
  Or if it's using the tools of, you know, film, of music, and all those other things to just subliminally normalize these kinds of behaviors.
  It has a perverse effect, and it has a perverse effect on impressionable people.
  And it's growing.
  It really is the underbelly of everything.
  And you've got Michelle Wolf coming out saying, I killed my baby.
  I felt like God when I did it.
  You've got all this art that they're pushing, which is really just psychotic men dressed as women doing simulations of murdering babies.
  Really, this is what you see when there's no bottom, and the society falls apart, and then all these other groups start imitating what the intelligence agencies are doing, like NXIVM was doing, and start setting it up for themselves, or John of God, and then it just becomes this whole rampant system, like we see archaeological records happening to the ancient Babylonians, the ancient Egyptians, it happened with the Druids, it happened in Mesoamerica, and I just wondered,
  Why this keeps manifesting in civilizations during their decline?
  Where did this desire to hurt children come from?
  It's decadent, and wealth is a very perverse thing.
  I think people don't really appreciate what it means to have the power, what it means to have the resources, what it means to have just everything at your fingertips, to have every, you know, desire that you have handed to you.
  And sooner or later, from the standpoint of neurological effect, I mean,
  We're good to go.
  It's a perverse thing because wealth breeds perversion.
  And when you look at any society, the declination of them, you know, is grandiosity.
  You see the drastic wealth inequalities.
  When you look at Rome, Rome went from being an empire that actually did well at supporting its poor to just being one that was much more decadent.
  That's something you can transpose.
  Early in the Roman system, if you cheated on your wife, even if you were, they'd kill you.
  But by the end, or the middle of the end, Nero would dress as a werewolf, it's in the histories, and would tear a child apart with his bare teeth at a party with blood all over him.
  Yes, absolutely.
  And that's something you can transpose throughout history in any epoch.
  And it's something that's relevant today, especially because when you see that decadence, it's the sign of a declining civilization.
  And this is one of the things that I think is
  You know, the most visible example of it, because if we're not protecting the most vulnerable of us, if we're not protecting our children, then it's a clear sign of the direction that society is headed in.
  Well, you know, I ran into your work two years ago.
  You showed me shocking information that we're not going to release today.
  I'm
  Over 3,000 priests in interviews admitted to sexually abusing boys, mainly.
  Many times in the church as a satanic ritual on Saturday nights, Friday nights.
  And the terrible things they were doing to these little boys as young as 6, 7, 8, most of them about 10 or 11.
  And it was so corrupt and huge.
  The state's like, most of these priests are too old.
  How do we even prosecute them?
  It's a crime so big people can't admit it.
  You know, Eisenhower.
  Got really mad at the Germans after they took over Germany at the end of World War II, because most of the Germans, it was compartmentalized.
  They didn't believe that there were really death camps for all these dead, so he would make them go into the camps and clean the bodies up, but they couldn't believe it.
  And I used to hear that when I was a kid and go, oh, there's no way they didn't know.
  No, they really didn't know.
  It was so compartmentalized, and Himmler talked about this.
  They called it the cement of blood.
  Let's go to Juan in Connecticut.
  You're on the air.
  Thanks for holding.
  I sure can, sir.
  Thank you.
  Sir, it's an honor to talk to you, brother.
  I just want to plug in.
  I'm a truck driver, and two before us have changed the way I drive.
  Me and my brothers that drive, there's a couple of us.
  We're all Hispanics, Cubans, Puerto Ricans.
  We used to be on Monster and Red Bull and all that, and I have lost weight because I stopped drinking all that sugar, and I just want to thank
  Thank you for that, man.
  Well, brother, we put more in this than any other long-term, high-quality energy powder there is.
  So this was designed by one of the top guys in the country.
  He didn't want his name on it because, obviously, the political issues.
  But we had to pay a lot of money for this formulation just for the design of it.
  And we believe it is the best, strongest, but healthiest energy out there.
  And you're saying that it's made your life better.
  So that means a lot to me.
  Thank you.
  To all your truck drivers, we love you.
  I want you to know you're the first in the nation to protest these masks at this level, and I'm proud of Texas.
  I don't think so.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones.
  Blue skies
  Alright, so two years ago when we first got totally banned with the beta test, people said, how are you taking it?
  And I said, well, not bad.
  It's for everybody else.
  I'm worried about all of us.
  And so now we put out the video, totally proving from the state of Texas, Homeland Security documents, NIH documents, that it's all a fraud, and that they're counting everybody that doesn't even have it as having it, and that anybody connected to someone that has COVID-19 they're saying is a new case.
  Wow, how huge is that?
  My phone is blowing up from family, and from friends, who on Facebook, on Twitter, on any platform, cannot send it out.
  They're just blocking it.
  Well, of course, they're blocking medical doctors that come out and expose it as a hoax.
  Cedars-Sinai, everybody else.
  That's why you've got to hammer them.
  They're weak.
  You don't go, oh, they're censoring us.
  I've got to give up.
  I don't want to get blocked.
  No, you've got to, by word of mouth, by hand, however you can, get it out.
  It's on InfoWars.com.
  Pandemic, bombshell, CDC inflating COVID infection rates up to 16 times.
  Or the better headline would just be, Texas exposes CDC fraud.
  COVID-19 hoax implodes, Texas exposes fraud.
  CDC caught artificially inflating COVID-19 numbers.
  I mean, this is criminal!
  Like everything else they did, and so many people I've talked to in the office and on the street go, well, Alex, I mean, they got caught in this fraud and that fraud.
  People with antibodies, they said, had it when they didn't.
  But this is the actual documents of why it's skyrocketing right when this went into place.
  It's in the video.
  It's on InfoWars.com and Bandop Video.
  We built our own servers, our own satellites, our own uplinks, our own crew.
  All of this, knowing this was coming.
  I was telling crews 10 years ago, we've got to build our own infrastructure, our own uplinks, our own systems.
  It's going to get shut down.
  We knew this was coming and thank God we're here.
  But if you don't get excited about it and share it, the enemy wins.
  Exclusive interview with Roger Stone.
  Exclusive breakdown of Fauci.
  It's all at Bandot Video and I'm so thankful for the viewers and listeners.
  I'm so thankful that out of the whole universe of BS and garbage and propaganda that you decided to tune in here and you decided to support us.
  Thank you!
  I'm just saying, everything we do, all our guests are important, but this
  And the other reports, because I'm not that good.
  Rob's not that good.
  I've asked Owens Troyer.
  I've asked Savannah Hernandez.
  I've asked Paul Watson.
  I've asked Steve Watson, his brother.
  I've asked Millie Weaver.
  I've asked Kaitlyn Bennett.
  I've asked everybody that works with us.
  Do your own report.
  Watch your own video.
  Look at your own documents.
  Just talk about this!
  They say in there what is admitted, but it's on video, that you're not even tested!
  If you have a runny nose, or a headache, or a cough, either one of those, you have it.
  And then 15 people around you have it.
  This is like people barbecuing babies on national TV and nobody gets in trouble.
  This is just, oh, well, it's Fauci.
  Well, he's a scientist.
  Well, as soon as he got done with his speech the other day on TV, he takes the mask off.
  It's a hoax.
  It's a fraud.
  And I know you know that.
  So the point is, get it out to other people.
  We built a platform for a time like this so the jerk murderers that run death camps in China, like Apple and Google, could not stop you at the critical juncture getting the video out!
  So am I wound up?
  Damn right I am because this is a serious time to be alive.
  So I thank you and I salute you and I beg you, your email list, your everything, your call people, send them the link, text message it, get around the enemy, get this out!
  Stop the hoax!
  And when you decide to get angry, nothing in the world can stop you and we've been doing it.
  All those doctors and scientists and epidemiologists and virologists who'd have 10, 15, 20 million views on YouTube or Facebook will get banned.
  We posted them.
  Some of them have 3, 4 million views.
  That's great!
  But we need way more than that!
  Everybody knows they're suppressing the truth, and you just tell people, here's the truth, pass it forward, and we will defeat the enemy.
  This is a great test of humanity.
  Jay Dyer of jaysanalysis.com takes over straight ahead.
  And Owen Schroyer with the war room!
  Because there's a war on for your mind!
  I salute the crew.
  I salute the activist listeners and viewers.
  And I end my segment of this transmission.
  Lord willing, I'll be back tomorrow with a Wednesday's transmission.
  The 4th of July 2020 special has gone into high gear.
  We have 50% off.
  Body's really strong extractive tumor and formula.
  Sold out for months.
  That's back in stock.
  DNA Force Plus from the PQQ, the DoQ10.
  So good for your cells.
  So amazing.
  That's back in stock.
  50% off.
  Winter Sun's been sold out for over three months.
  It's back in stock.
  Pure, high-quality vitamin D3.
  Take it under the tongue.
  Greater absorption.
  So good for your whole body.
  So essential.
  That's back in stock.
  Ultra 12.
  Super high-quality B12.
  Again, take it under the tongue.
  That is back in stock.
  Survival Silk X2.
  Nacin Iodine Spray for a 3% off.
  And so much more!
  So I want to thank you all this July 4th coming up for standing with us.
  I want to invite you to take advantage of these great deals and great products that enrich yourself and your family's life and also fund Hardcore Truth.
  Again, take action.
  Big 4th of July sales right now at FullWorksStore.com.
  We could not have done this without you.
  I thank you for your continued prayer, your focus, and your support.
  Again, I salute you all.
  Welcome back to the Alex Jones Show.
  I'm your guest host, Jay Dyer of Jay's Analysis.
  Y'all thought we would pick up where I left off last week with Alex in our grad class, we'll call it, on the writings of the elite.
  So, there's gonna be a multiple choice.
  You're gonna have some homework.
  Pay attention.
  You're gonna learn some stuff.
  Let's go to a clip that I was reminded of this week.
  Many of you have probably seen this clip, but
  I think this is really illustrative for showing the whole paradigm here, where we are now, what's going on, why the news is so baloney-filled.
  Let's play that clip and you'll see what I mean.
  I am Fox San Antonio's Jessica Hedley.
  And I'm Ryan Wolf.
  Our greatest responsibility is to serve our Treasure Valley communities.
  The El Paso, Las Cruces communities.
  Eastern Iowa communities.
  Mid-Michigan communities.
  We are extremely proud of the quality, balanced journalism that CBS 4 News produces.
  But... We are concerned about someone trying to be responsible once again for these stories plaguing our country.
  Plaguing our country.
  The sharing of biased and false news has become all too common on social media.
  More alarming, some media outlets publish these same fake stories without checking facts first.
  The sharing of biased and false news has become all too common on social media.
  More alarmingly, some media outlets publish fake news stories that we aren't sure are true without checking facts first.
  Unfortunately, some members of the media use their platforms to push their own personal bias and agenda to control exactly what people think.
  And this is extremely dangerous to our democracy.
  This is extremely dangerous to our democracy.
  What an amazing coincidence!
  Everybody just happened to say the same thing.
  I'm sure that was totally organic.
  Nothing weird or strange about that at all, right?
  Now, let's think about something here.
  If the Hamburglar and Ronald McDonald and Bill Cosby all got together and they sat down and they said, let's write out a plan of how we're going to rob the local convenience store of Pudding Pops, right?
  They sat down, they drew it up, right?
  Bill Cosby drew it up.
  And then you found that plan and you went to the convenience store guy and you said, Bill Cosby and the Hamburglar,
  And the Cookie Monster, they're all coming to rob your Pudding Pops, right?
  The Bill Cosby's coming to rob the Pudding Pops!
  The Feeble Five!
  You would think right away that you had discovered a plot and you would try them all and they would go to jail, right?
  So plots can be public for a century, however, and nobody goes to jail.
  Nobody gets in trouble.
  This is amazing.
  This is what blows my mind, that we can have books
  A century old.
  Right, let's go back to, let's do our first example here.
  Edward Bernays, Propaganda, 1928.
  How does this book start out?
  He says, we are governed, our minds molded, our tastes formed, not by pudding pops, but by ideas that are suggested largely by men that we have never heard of.
  This is the logical result of the way in which our democratic society is organized.
  You see, and he goes on to talk about our invisible governors.
  Who makes up this invisible government?
  What?
  Where have we heard that term before?
  Well, in the last four years, we've heard it quite a bit, haven't we?
  This is 1928, right?
  Now, why is Bernays really matter?
  He's the father of modern propaganda.
  And he was in a circle of men, right?
  He actually renamed the War Department to the Defense Department.
  Okay, so this is not a conspiracy book.
  This is not a nobody.
  This is the father of modern propaganda.
  And where does propaganda come from?
  It comes out of military operations.
  And then it moves directly into advertising and media, right?
  The second chapter of the book, page 61, he says, this invisible government is made up of people, for example, who used to be in the OSS, the predecessor to the CIA.
  So they took all those techniques and tactics and tricks that they learned in the war theater and brought it over into the network news media.
  Yes, the heads of the three main networks, they were all from the OSS, Paley,
  Sarnoff, right?
  Walter Lipman, right?
  The ad agency.
  So we start to realize that we have for a long time been under a coordinated plan.
  Now again, remember, if
  We found the coordinated plans, and we were to look into who wrote it, and they made it public, right?
  This is not like you discovered Bill Cosby's secret.
  You actually found it plastered on the wall all around.
  Every McDonald's has the plan up, right, of Bill Cosby's going to rob all the Pudding Pops, and yet no one gets in trouble.
  So let's move
  Well, let's move backwards.
  Let's go back in time a little bit.
  You say, well, where does this come from?
  This is crazy.
  I've never heard anything like this.
  Well, you've heard probably me or many other people mention that famous, big, fat, boring book, Tragedy and Hope.
  And let me tell you, it is boring.
  It is a nightmare to read that giant book.
  But our friend, Dr. Quigley, who was an apologist for this whole plan, well, he wrote a much smaller book that says everything and more called The Anglo-American Establishment.
  And again, I will warn you, this book is also very boring, but it's so revelatory.
  And he begins this book by saying that there was a plan devised out of the British Empire as the British Empire sort of waned in its power and influence.
  There was a plan devised by a group called the Elect.
  It almost sounds like some kind of Gnostic secret society, right?
  The Elect, the chosen of
  These elite British lords, Lord Milner, Lord Stead, Lord Brett, Cecil Rhodes, who ironically, didn't he just get something torn down of his?
  Which is ironic because the revolution, you see, eats itself, right?
  So here's the father of, in many ways, the modern world, in the sense of the round table groups and all that.
  He gets his statue torn down.
  Who's at the head of this?
  Well, we've got all these elite families.
  We've got Lord Rothschild here, according to Quigley, on page 39.
  We've got Rhodes, as I said, Milner.
  And then he said we've got a circle of initiates around them.
  It's called the Circle of Initiates.
  One of those was a famous Cardinal, Cardinal Manning.
  Others were people like William Booth, or General Booth of the Salvation Army.
  And then a whole host
  Of professors, academic idiots, right?
  Liberal professors who thought they were going to bring in this great commonwealth of God.
  This is what they called it, right?
  The commonwealth of God, initially.
  And the way that they decided that they would have to do this was to infiltrate and control all the areas of society.
  Literally.
  Pages 64, 65.
  It's all about controlling every aspect of man's life.
  Full spectrum dominance.
  To use the term of William Engdahl, right?
  Great book, by the way.
  Now, they said we'd have to get rid of this older British imperial notion, right?
  Because that's got a lot of bad publicity surrounding it.
  You know, slavery, this kind of stuff.
  So let's rebrand this as a secular technocratic order.
  And we will use the philosophy and propaganda of actually somebody who predates Bernays as a father of propaganda.
  He's probably the father of the modern world in many ways, Mr. H.G.
  Wells himself.
  H.G.
  Wells said, we're going to have to just get rid of all of the old ways of doing things.
  Even this older British imperial notion will have to cave into a world federation of a secular technocratic order.
  Where every area of life is ruled by managerial technocrats.
  What's the last chapter of Bernays book say?
  The last chapter says that the future is a managerial technocratic society.
  Let's move on to the next in our lecture here.
  More technocracy.
  Now you probably heard about Mr. Salk.
  He's known for being the father of
  Armstabbies, right?
  Mr. Salk wrote a famous book called The Survival of the Wisest.
  When we get back from the break, I'm going to tell you more about that, but you are listening to, watching the Alex Jones Show.
  I am Jay Dyer of jaysandalsos.com.
  When we come back, I'm going to tell you about Jonas Salk.
  I'm going to tell you about Jacques Attali.
  You know who that is?
  He's the Kissinger of France.
  You know there's a Kissinger of France who trained
  And raise the modern presidents?
  France.
  I'll tell you about that.
  Facebook's out of control.
  Twitter's out of control.
  They got us addicted.
  Cell phone radiation can alter human behavior, not just cause cancer, not just break DNA.
  And then in many studies, they've been testing for more than 40 years using electromagnetic
  We're good to go.
  Facebook and how finally they would make all these systems so addictive that you will give up on your family, give up on your neighbors, and become completely habitualized to a quote, symbiosis with computers and a merger with machines.
  So understand, those building this architecture are building all of this to lower your IQ, to make you lonely, to make you alone, to make you not have an attention span, and to cause you to have basically narcoleptic-style brain disorders
  This is all the young people know.
  They're not being taught how to get jobs, how to be charming, how to dress nice, how to have a future.
  They're not going to Toastmasters.
  No.
  They just sit there rotting, watching popular television, popular culture, run by the globalists, and Beyonce at the Super Bowl, telling them how to behave and what to do, and now is the time to activate.
  And now there's a new phenomenon of people hacking your computer, turning the microphone on, and then blackmailing you.
  Because they record you while you're masturbating in front of the computer, or in bed with your wife watching porn, or in bed with your boyfriend, or whatever it is.
  Philadelphia comes out and says, yeah, we've handed out thousands of laptops to kids.
  We're watching them in the shower, in bed at home.
  And people said, oh, that's good.
  The school's watching you at home unannounced.
  And it would be psychiatrists and technocrats over it.
  And then they would track you with these handheld computers that were either wireless or interfaced with terminals.
  And then it would track everything you were doing and track how the stimulus and propaganda on the national news was affecting you to be able to dial it back or dial it forward and manipulate.
  And then they needed to get people to accept it, so they came out with social media, where you opt in to be watched, listened to, tracked, and manipulated with systems that addict you and control you.
  That's all over the news that social media admits their main mission is to make you as addicted to their systems, and to not be interfaced with your fellow humans and friends, and then to isolate you towards absorption into the larger system once you get so depressed, they'll then offer you the
  And then transcend to the super cyborg level, which is really a digital grave.
  You'll lose your body.
  You'll physically die.
  They're silencing everyone.
  There's a plan, and we ain't in it.
  Oh, no, no, no.
  I don't even know what this is.
  How did you get here?
  I just caught you, American.
  You visited Bandar Video.
  Oh, Mark Zuckerberg and others angry at you.
  Do what CNN says and do not visit Bandar Video or I have to hurt you.
  Ah.
  Kung-Fu.
  It comes from China.
  Welcome back to the Alex Jones Show.
  I'm your guest host, Jay Dyer of jaysanalysis.com.
  I was talking before the break about Jonas Salk, and there's a reason I'm going to go into Jonas Salk, because he wrote a couple books, one of which was extremely revealing.
  As I mentioned, it's called Survival of the Wisest.
  Now, why is this book so revelatory?
  Wasn't he a great hero of the armed stabbies and the butt stabbies?
  Not necessarily if we read his books, which most people don't do because he's actually out of print, very rare books, but I tracked them down.
  And I was blown away by what I read because Mr. Salk is very candid about what he was really up to.
  You see, he says that since life is merely a random mutation, there's nothing wrong with randomly mutating the lives that exist, quite literally.
  The survival of the wisest is really the continuation of this radical social Darwinian, neo-Darwinian scheme that the technocratic priest class, the science class, right?
  Neil deGrasse Tyson, Bill Nye, these weirdos, these creeper-deepers, they're going to be the ones who can decide who lives and who dies, who gets what in the future, who has a right to have kids, this kind of stuff.
  But it gets even crazier than that, because Salk tells us what his real religious views are.
  Yes, religious view.
  Now, you would think he's a scientist, he's probably an atheist.
  No, no, no.
  He says that God is actually nature as a whole.
  Nature as a whole is in this constant flux process, and since it's in this constant meaningless flux process, it's up to
  The scientific priest's class to commandeer evolution and do whatever's necessary for the survival of the species.
  Now, who does he talk about?
  Who's the species?
  Well, it's not every man, okay?
  Because to him, anybody below a certain IQ range is not a man.
  You don't have a soul.
  You're not really an entity.
  You're just kind of this random, you know, pimple on Gaia's breasts, right?
  So, you can be dispensed with.
  But instead, he says, what we need to do is mutate man.
  We, like toxic Avenger-level mad scientists, we need to mutate man into becoming more than man.
  Post-man.
  Right?
  Post-human.
  And he says that we will do this through all kinds of secret experimentation, injections, injunctions, diets.
  Literally.
  Pages 44 and 45.
  He says, because man is just a manimal.
  Isn't that a Muppet?
  Manimal?
  I don't know.
  But, he says that this mystical evolutionary process can be controlled and can be commandeered by the scientific priest class.
  So, there you have the, he literally says death is just as holy and pure as life.
  He says there are two complementary necessary forces, they're flip sides of the same coin, literally a Gnostic Luciferian perspective.
  And he says that since death needs life, and since life needs death, there's absolutely nothing wrong with mad scientists just commandeering and injecting death for the purpose of mutating the species.
  But, I mean, this guy is off the charts.
  Like, he doesn't stop there.
  He goes on to say that we can actually just engineer mass death.
  We can engineer experimentation on
  Children even in the womb.
  Yes, he says that.
  And who does he say is the enemy?
  Who's the enemy of everybody in this great final revolution?
  Anybody with a traditional objective truth worldview.
  Anybody who believes that their position is correct.
  Anybody who's a Christian.
  Anybody who has a religious worldview where you believe in objective truth.
  That's literally what he says.
  He says anybody who's dogmatic, quote-unquote, must go.
  You're out.
  Get out of here.
  Down the garbage chute.
  But now wait a minute.
  Who's more dogmatic than Mr. Salk?
  Nobody!
  He's like the most dogmatic guy.
  So it's self-refuting at a fundamental level.
  But that's the reality here.
  And I think that when I show people that book, when I show people this stuff, most people have a really hard time processing it.
  They can't fathom that you would have this open plan, that it would be that open, even though H.G.
  Wells wrote a book called The Open Conspiracy, saying, here's what I'm going to do openly.
  Not just him, but him and everybody else in his cadre.
  But what I'm trying to show you is that from a hundred years ago, it's the same plan.
  It's the same plan from then, and older than that even, up until now.
  There's no divergence.
  They have like their own Ten Commandments.
  You have to adhere to all the Ten Commandments.
  And as I was mentioning last time, there's a couple more characters we're going to get to here.
  We're going to get to
  Arthur Kessler, and then we're going to mention Mr. Attali.
  Now, we've moved from older, you know, British Empire period up to the 20s.
  We've looked at guys in the 650s and 60s.
  Let's look at another person in the 60s period.
  Mr. Arthur Kessler, Ghost in the Machine.
  He's another important figure that everybody overlooks.
  People forget this guy.
  But he was crucial to the philosophy of the global elite.
  In fact, many of the modern-day global elite will cite this book.
  They'll cite him and his philosophy of how we're all part of this generic collective that's evolving.
  The perennial philosophy, if you don't know, Huxley has a book called The Perennial Philosophy, where he says, we're all part of this giant glob, and we're all just evolving to be the godhead.
  We're going to evolve to become the godhead through technology.
  But before we get to that, let's look at this fascinating chapter on the Thuggee.
  Yes, remember Temple of Doom?
  Kalima!
  Shakti!
  Right?
  Everybody remembers Temple of Doom.
  These guys love Temple of Doom in the real sense of the Thuggee.
  In fact, he has a whole section on the Thuggee and he says, you know, the Thuggee represent this older, this is page 236, this older idea of man
  Evolving and the fittest amongst men in the ancient world obviously just ate other men, right?
  They were cannibalistic and yeah, I mean it might sound a little taboo to us today, but really it's not that bad.
  I mean it's just part of the evolutionary process, right?
  I mean the predators eat the prey and that's just natural, you see.
  And so he says,
  There was absolutely nothing wrong with the human sacrifice cannibalism cults of the ancient world, the Aztecs, etc.
  It was purely natural.
  And by the way, it was noble.
  The nobility ate people.
  Are you gonna say that all the nobility were bad because they were chomping down on their cousins and their brothers?
  No, not gonna say that.
  That would be bigoted.
  Can't be bigots.
  Don't be a bigot.
  Eat your cousin or you're a bigot.
  And so he says, this sacrifice religion actually was what propelled man's evolution.
  It propelled man's evolution to the next phase.
  And he says that now in our day, guess what?
  This all got to come back for us to go into the next phase.
  We got to go into the next phase.
  I'm not kidding.
  You think this, oh, that's crazy.
  That's good.
  I would never be talking about eating people and cannibalism.
  That's crazy.
  No.
  Really?
  Is that the four of the last four or five years?
  Has that shown you how crazy things are?
  Does this really sound that crazy now?
  He says, look, at the end of the book, he says, we're in a crisis.
  We are in danger because the population is getting too big, right?
  Mother Gaia, we're all in the back of some giant turtle.
  This turtle is going to flip over unless we kill everybody except for our little precious cult.
  And by the way, if everybody in the cult is a bunch of humans, they're just going to be eating each other.
  This is crazy.
  This is madness.
  But what it actually shows is that we are in a spiritual battle, right?
  And that's why he says death is just one of the natural processes that we must commandeer to get rid of the evolutionary freaks of nature, which are man himself, right?
  Man is an evolutionary freak of nature, he says on page 330.
  He says that death and disease are therefore good.
  More on that.
  Florida Sheriff warns Antifa Black Lives Matter he'll deputize every lawful gun owner in this county if necessary.
  Article by Adon Salazar.
  A Florida Sheriff says he'll do what he can to protect residents in his county from violent radical leftists, but warns he could go further and deputize lawful gun owners.
  In a public service announcement on Facebook Tuesday, Clay County Sheriff Daryl Daniels disputes the mainstream media's sympathy for protests that aim to portray law enforcement in a bad light.
  The sheriff proceeds to warn violent protesters who've wrecked havoc and torn down statues in major Democrat-run cities in recent weeks that Clay County law enforcement is ready to take them on.
  If you threaten to come to Clay County and think that for one second that we'll bend our backs for you, you're sadly mistaken.
  Sheriff Daniels then declares if his department is unable to protect its residents from violent protesters, he'll deputize gun owners to preserve the county's quality of life.
  You know what I'll do?
  I'll exercise the power and authority as a sheriff, and I'll make special deputies of every lawful gun owner in this county.
  And I'll deputize them for this one purpose.
  On Monday, footage emerged out of Utah showing a Black Lives Matter protester firing a pistol into an SUV, attempting to drive through a mob blocking the road.
  The driver, who was in his 60s, was shot and was taken to the Utah Valley Hospital, underwent surgery, and has non-life-threatening injuries, reports Jamie White.
  The sheriff's message comes as police in New York City grapple with protesters in downtown Manhattan amid a $1 billion budget cut, while the city of Seattle moves in to reclaim a six-block area occupied by leftist anti-police protesters in recent weeks.
  This is Millie Weaver reporting.
  Good morning everyone.
  Schumer Pelosi!
  Schumer and Pelosi!
  Schumer Pelosi!
  Schumer and Pelosi!
  White Saviour!
  The other ones!
  White Liberals!
  Who promise to take good care of blacks!
  Schumer Pelosi!
  Schumer and Pelosi!
  Schumer Pelosi!
  Schumer and Pelosi!
  White Saviour!
  We are the ones, white liberals, who promise to take good care of blacks.
  Orange man bad.
  Trump is bad.
  We are the ones, white liberals, who promise to take good care of blacks.
  If you have any kind of a brain, you know that those same people don't give a damn about you, don't give a damn about black people, don't give a damn.
  They're exploiting the black plight to make money off of you.
  We're good to go.
  I'm recommending these websites and I'm recommending these products not because I get paid.
  I don't get a referral fee or anything like that.
  This is just my personal experience.
  I know their brands, but their brands and their websites, they're very famous.
  A lot of people know who they are.
  I take products from people that I've been listening to for years.
  And I've been listening to InfoWars.com for years.
  I've been listening to Dr. Moot for years and years and years.
  I've taken a lot of supplements from other companies, other places, and a lot of that crap is snake oil.
  Believe me, snake oil.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones.
  Welcome back to the Alex Jones Show.
  I'm your guest host, Jay Dyer.
  If you want to get my books, you can go to my shop at the website, jaysandalsys.com.
  You'll see a shop there.
  You can also subscribe to my archive.
  You get access to years of lectures on the topics that you're hearing today.
  A lot of people don't have time to read these massive, boring tomes, and I don't blame you.
  And so that's what I do for you.
  I read these for you and then I distill them into spastic, entertaining presentations.
  I was mentioning Mr. Kessler and finishing up with him, Kessler says, look,
  It's time to utilize mass mind control on the population.
  It's literally what he says on pages 332 and 33.
  He says that mass mind control as a result of the CIA-sponsored conferences in the 60s at the University of San Francisco Medical Center.
  Holger Heiden, by the way, who I covered in my book, at this conference, they talked about how they could use mass media for mind control.
  They talked about how they could manipulate RNA and DNA.
  Yes, back in the 60s, right?
  Kessler wrote about this.
  He says that we can increase suggestibility through the mass media, and at the same time, we can go in and manipulate people's RNA and DNA.
  He says we'll use binary weapons.
  That's what he says in 334.
  And that this will all be combined with the poison in the tap water.
  Yes, poison in the tap water.
  So, all this stuff that you've heard, people talking about John P. Holdren, the science czar under Obama, Paul Ehrlich, right?
  It's all going back to 50s, 60s, all the way back to Bertrand Russell, but I'm just showing you the continuity through the decades of this unified plan.
  He says that Big Pharma will have to take a lead role in this, in this first phase, he says, back in the 60s, beginning to promote large-scale pharmaceuticals in that Brave New World mindset.
  And he says eventually we're just going to have to give everybody a pill.
  Everybody will have their soma.
  And he says the whole of the tap water will be poisoned.
  Literally, that's the end of the book.
  And he says this will all be alchemy.
  Literally, he says alchemy for the process of transhumanism.
  So they want this mass die-off, this mass kill-off before transitioning into the next phase of the post-human era.
  Now, I mentioned earlier, Mr. President Henry Kissinger, I would like one baguette.
  Give me one baguette made of dead babies from France.
  Who is the Kissinger of France?
  Jean-Cathalie, right?
  He's the brains behind some of the recent presidents, right?
  And he wrote a really interesting book.
  Let's fast forward up to 2006.
  Mr. Avtali wrote a book called Brief History of the Future.
  This is an overlooked global elite book.
  People forget this guy.
  They forget that he wrote everything in his book.
  And the first four or five chapters are really boring.
  I'm going to breeze past those.
  But basically, he just says, look, all of history is evolving to
  This democracy now has to give way to more freedom?
  No, to a planetary empire.
  What?
  A planetary empire?
  Yes, he says by 2040, he says we're going to have little assistant robots that will be rolling around your house, little bitch bots, bitching you around, doing who knows what, being your companion perhaps, going around grabbing butts, little gross perv robots running everything in your household.
  Literally, he says every household will have one of these little bitch bots running around, bossing you around, telling you what to do.
  Telling you to clean your room, right?
  Because he won't do it.
  But he's going to teach your kids.
  And that's what he says, is these little robots, little bitch bots rolling around, they're going to be preaching and teaching you everything that you'll know about the external world, right?
  This is beyond Skynet.
  This is not just, this is like, it's every dystopian story.
  They picked up the worst elements and said, let's make the mega dystopia, right?
  Imagine something worse than a Roomba.
  A little dictator Roomba, right?
  And he says these bots are going to control your perception of the external world.
  All of your education will come through your little house bot, your little coffin apartment bot.
  He says America has to go away, right?
  We got to get rid of this stuff.
  This is the old thing.
  America's going away.
  That's old school.
  America, he says, and all nation states
  Have to be dismantled.
  Every nation state, every firewall has to be completely dismantled so that the giant global system can come into place and he calls it a global brain.
  In fact, he calls it a golem, right?
  If you remember the mystical story of the golem, this is this creature that can be created and it doesn't have a soul.
  It's given reality and it's controlled and he says that the whole world will be like this.
  Giant Gollum brain that everybody's jacked into, right?
  And that you will get your daily download.
  He says slavery will return, right?
  Yes, slavery will return, but it will be a slavery to the bots and to the giant AI global brain.
  And he says all of the things that you've seen rolling out in the last decade.
  Now, remember, he wrote this in 2006, and he says that
  In the next few years, what you're going to see is the rollout of the importance of the cell phone.
  He says that's just one phase though, right?
  He says because what the cell phone would do would cause everybody to become rootless cosmopolitans.
  He says the cell phone would make everybody into nomadic losers.
  Where you would no longer be grounded and rooted in anything in terms of your heritage, in terms of your history, in terms of your background, your religious philosophy.
  He says, all that's going to be destroyed by the cell phone.
  He says, but that's just one phase.
  You see, that's going to go away.
  And what will give rise to this global culture will be a global pop culture.
  Spurts, sports ball, right?
  All of that will be made global.
  There'll probably be Hunger Games type stuff on a global scale.
  He says, he intimates that there will be things like that, like Hunger Games style, you know, death race type stuff going on.
  And that what that will do is get everybody into a global mindset through the pop culture, through the sports, through the globalized, whatever the new version of Hollywood is going to be, you know, streaming services or whatever.
  And he says, we'll even take the churches, the churches, this is key.
  These big World Council churches, New Agey churches, he says, we're going to co-opt all of those into being engines and arms of this global order.
  Remember, it's a full spectrum dominance plan.
  So that means every area of life has to be converted over into this big plan.
  He says, especially the Catholic Church.
  He says, this one is key because it's so big.
  He says, we have to turn that into an engine of the global technocratic order.
  And that would go for the other religions as well, right?
  I'm not saying that the other religions are exempted.
  No, it's all, it's the subversion of all of the major religions to turn them into engines of this religion.
  And the greatest of the quotes in this book, now I'm not saying greatest in a good sense, I'm saying greatest in terms of importance, is he says there's a vanguard to this group and he calls it hyper-democracy.
  He's talking about the social justice, hyper-democracy, radical equalitarianism and all this stuff.
  He says the vanguard of this group are called the transhumanists.
  He says on page 260, he says that the transhumanists are a vanguard of the new world order and they're going to create a universal brotherhood.
  A universal brotherhood.
  He says among these transhumanists we could cite
  Bill and Melinda Gates, Mother Teresa, and many, many, many New Age weirdos, right?
  So he lists all these different weirdos, and he says,
  We'll have all of the world converted over to this thing, right?
  2050, 2030, 2050, 2100.
  These are the key actuary years, right?
  And by 2100, he says there'll be all megacities.
  You'll all have to be, you know, piled into these cities.
  Have you seen that movie Code 46 with Tim Robbins?
  You've seen this, right?
  This movie actually exemplifies what I'm talking about right here, right?
  Children of Men, same idea.
  These films show that the giant megacities where everybody's forced to live.
  You can't live on the land anymore.
  You can't be on the country.
  Can't be a country bumpkin anymore.
  Country boys cannot survive in this global order.
  You got to be moved into the mega cities.
  He says that will all be in place along with the giant global brain by 2100.
  That's what's coming.
  This is future history being written right here.
  Here's the plan.
  I'm Jay.
  Let me get down to the basic facts here.
  Money.
  I don't know.
  What's it like?
  And I said, they're coming for you next.
  I'm the beta test.
  I'm worried about everybody.
  It's a take home.
  It wasn't selflessness that I was saying that.
  It was the truth.
  And so now we're here.
  Reddit's owned by the Communist Chinese.
  Four of the big six production houses are.
  But they're just fronts for the globalists as well.
  And then...
  We come out and break yesterday that the state of Texas admits they're ordered to create 15 times the COVID cases for every supposed real case.
  That's a fraud too.
  And they say we don't even need a COVID test.
  If you have the sniffles or a sore throat, that's COVID.
  And then 15 people around you, on average, will say you have COVID.
  And then I put that article out yesterday, that video, and I got all these emails and calls.
  Well, Alex, here's the hill.
  Months ago, you didn't know?
  Probable coronavirus deaths now included in CDC totals.
  They say it all right here!
  You're like, well, why'd they admit it?
  Because they hide it in plain view instead of hiding it.
  And then it's like, well, okay, that's just what they're doing.
  It's all a fraud.
  It's killing the economy.
  And now lockdown 2 is here.
  What does Trump do?
  How does he speak out?
  How does he challenge it?
  How does he?
  They'll say every death is his fault.
  If he doesn't capitulate to the terrorism and now Gates says, oh, it's the flu.
  Oh, the pig virus out of China.
  There's always something new.
  They're creating phobias to control us.
  I just want to thank listeners for their support and for keeping us on air because I'm not worried about getting killed or put in prison, but I am worried about losing.
  So when you buy products at InfoWareStore.com, when you spread the word, and when you pray for us, that changes the world.
  I need you to direct your will against the enemy.
  And if you believe we are a good vessel in the fight against that, then I ask for you to not give us your will like the left wants.
  Don't bow to us.
  Rise with us.
  Stand with us.
  Give us your strength.
  I give you my strength.
  I give you my commitment.
  I will not falter or waver.
  I will not back down.
  I'm not physically able to.
  And I will ask you for financial support with products you need.
  The 4th of July Big Mega Specials are here.
  Storewide free shipping.
  Double Patriot Points.
  That means 10% off for your next order, not 5%.
  Vitamin Mineral Fusion with all the vitamins, all the minerals, the amino acids.
  So good for adults and children.
  Back in Stock 50% off.
  Dazzle Beats.
  So good for your heart, your cardiovascular.
  Concentrated Beta Extract.
  Creates nitrous oxide in the blood.
  50% off.
  Bodies.
  The strongest turmeric formula we can get produced.
  95% are humanoid.
  The average competitor's like 3 or 5%.
  Those work great.
  This works amazing.
  50% off.
  DNA Force Plus with a PQQ.
  The cokie did it so much more.
  Get prepared.
  The whole enemy operation is about making you dependent.
  Making you domesticated so these scumbags can rule you.
  The opposite is what we need.
  Become strong.
  Don't bow to their slavery.
  Bow to their tyranny.
  Become weak.
  Don't adapt by bowing.
  Adapt by living.
  The best revenge is living well.
  Please support us.
  God bless you all.
  Since the beginning, Secret 12 has been one of our most popular formulas.
  Now, we're bringing you an all-new version to help you reach your energy peak.
  Ultra 12 from InfoWars Life takes advantage of the most effective and expensive form of B12 available, methylcobalamin, to provide you with twice the B12.
  Ultra 12 can help make DNA, support the body's energy production, and help produce healthy blood cells while assisting proper nervous system function.
  Take advantage of the superior form of B12 and head to infowarsstore.com today.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order, it's Alex Jones.
  Welcome back to the Alex Jones Show.
  I'm your guest host, Nate Dyer of NewsAnalysis.com.
  You know, it makes me think of David Rockefeller.
  I want to call in to tech support because my bitch butt seems to be malfunctioning.
  It won't stop grabbing my pasty white booty.
  Yes, I do a really good David Rockefeller.
  Come on, admit it, right?
  Let's talk about David Rockefeller because as I was ending that last segment, I was talking about the religion.
  The religion that has to be brought about.
  We got to have a fake religion.
  A bunch of fake churches.
  And a cult, a cult for the new world.
  Well, in the Authorized Biography of the Rockefellers, there is in fact an entire chapter on the new fake religion.
  And back in the 30s, yes, 1932, the 30s, Daddy Rockefeller, okay, Junior, he says, we gotta have a world religion.
  And this world religion will be able to bring about our global plan better than anything else, right?
  Because everybody needs a religion.
  Everybody needs something to believe in.
  It's one of the easiest tools from the elite perspective, right?
  Or how to manipulate the population.
  So $75 million back in the 30s.
  That's, you know, basically a zillion dollars today, according to accurate mathematical formulations.
  Imagine how much money.
  So what was the purpose of this?
  To create the global fake ecumenist movement.
  Right.
  And so the Rockefellers not only did that, they also set up the Riverside Church, which had these statues to people like Darwin and Moses.
  So a bizarre mix.
  But the whole chapter ends here, page 155, by saying that together with the money donated to countless seminaries across the country,
  $75 million would be given everywhere, just spread out, throwing, making it rain everywhere, right?
  To create a National Council of Churches.
  And this National Council of Churches would be an engine to promote Liberation Theology, right?
  Yes, Liberation Theology.
  It's a Rockefeller.
  Did you know that the Rockefellers are big fans of Liberation Theology?
  Now, why would they be fans of
  Communist ideas.
  I just can't figure out why anybody with a lot of money would like communism.
  That doesn't make any sense because the communists are against the people with money, right?
  No, they're not.
  Always, always, always, always, all the way back to Quigley.
  Go back to Quigley, right?
  When he's talking about the French Revolution.
  Those commies in the French Revolution.
  Guess where they got their money?
  From banking elite.
  From wealthy Protestant and Swiss and other families.
  There's a whole chapter Quigley has on that, the French Revolution getting all this money to destroy the country.
  Do you think it's any different now?
  Well, no, it's not any different, right?
  Who are the protesters in the street, right?
  They're fighting the system, and the entire system's giving them hundreds of millions of dollars.
  I mean, it's ludicrous, but once you understand that the richest people on the planet love communism, I mean, they love it.
  It's their favorite thing, right?
  They lick their lips at communism.
  They want to lick Marx's beard.
  They want to eat the food out of Karl Marx's beard.
  That's how much they love communism, right?
  And they openly say it, right, in the 1978 or 1979 editorial from A China Traveler by David Rockefeller.
  There's also a lesser known essay, by the way, in Yale.
  There was the old Yale publication about Mao.
  Mao was a yali.
  Did you know that?
  Yale and China.
  And this essay talks about, it's Yale's publication, that the Skull and Bones Society wanted to put Mao into power to have this revolution in China, to completely basically rewrite the country.
  That's why, as I'm sure you've heard Alex mention many times,
  Chang Kai-shek.
  They discarded him.
  Get him out of here.
  And let's put our full weight and support behind Mao.
  In fact, I've got Bill Donovan, founder of the OSS.
  I've got his autobiography.
  He tight bracks about it.
  He says, yeah, we wanted to put Mao in.
  This is a great thing to destroy this whole country.
  It was so great.
  Then fast forward, you've got in the middle of the Rockefeller's memoirs, he says, yeah, the whole Nixon thing, remember Nixon going to China, right?
  He says, no, no, no, that was actually me.
  He says, this, he says, I wanted to put Chase Bank in Communist China so that it would be the bank.
  And he brags about that.
  That's why he writes the China Traveler editorial, bragging and saying,
  That was all engineered so that David Rockefeller could get his thang going in China.
  Now, I mentioned the religion earlier in terms of older plans with H.G.
  Wells and these characters.
  I didn't even know about this book, and this is what I do all the time, read all these nerdy, boring books.
  And what do you know?
  H.G.
  Wells has a book about the coming religion.
  It's called God, the Invisible King.
  And you see that title and you think, well, that sounds good.
  I mean, H.G.
  Wells, he believes in God, right?
  H.G.
  Wells was a hardcore communist who said, the family, it's gone.
  We got to end the family.
  That's the enemy number one, right?
  Traditional religion, enemy number two.
  Nation states, enemy number three, right?
  I mean, just total lunatic.
  And all of his science fiction, by the way, he transmits the same idea throughout all of his science fiction.
  But he wrote this obscure book that I came across, and he outlines what the coming religion is.
  And it might surprise you because you think, well, he's going to say it's like a atheistic thing and it's all fake.
  Actually, he says that we do have a personal deity that we believe in.
  Now, he does say it's like personified generic nature and evolutionary process.
  Yeah.
  But on page 101, he says that we're not talking about Jesus.
  We don't want that Jesus.
  Get that out of here.
  That's not what we're talking about.
  He says our God is Prometheus.
  What?
  Yes.
  It's like that angel of light, Lucifer.
  He says that's our real God.
  Literally.
  Lucifer.
  Now, you can debate whether he thought that was a real entity or whether it was just some sort of symbolic thing, but he kind of goes back and forth in the book.
  He doesn't seem to say for sure whether he thinks it's, uh, but it's basically it's an anti-Christ type of thing.
  That's what I'm trying to get at here, right?
  I mean, he's, it doesn't matter whether he thinks it's a real entity or not.
  He's basically saying, I serve this anti-Christ spirit that I'm going to call Lucifer,
  It's going to erect the scientific Star Trek utopia.
  Literally, he says the Star Trek utopia.
  He says in the other book, either Open Conspiracy or New World Order, he says, you've all got to die for our Star Trek future.
  We're going to have a federation of planets and all this kind of stuff.
  And you all got to die.
  But look, at least you're going to die for something good.
  At least I'm going to give you something to die for.
  Don't you appreciate that?
  So I can go be
  Captain Kirk, right?
  Flying around, having sex with the green space women, right?
  That's what he says.
  He doesn't say the space women, but you know what I mean.
  And so look, what I'm trying to get across is that whether we go back a hundred years, or whether we go back to, or whether we fast forward to the present day, what I mentioned last time with Alex, right?
  The head of Davos, Klaus Schwab.
  Klaus Schwab!
  He writes a whole book saying exactly the same thing that the people 100 years ago said.
  Here it is, right?
  The Shape of Things to Come.
  Ever watch that movie?
  It's hard to watch because it's really grainy, bad, but H.G.
  Wells, he made that.
  Well, the story was written before World War II.
  And what does it predict?
  It predicts a big world war with flying Masonic ships bombing everything.
  Literally.
  That's what he says.
  And so you fast forward to Klaus Schwab and we have the Internet of Things.
  We have biotech.
  We have geoengineering, all listed, all public.
  And I'm going to give you one last obscure book that a lot of people don't know about and they have forgotten.
  And it's part of this inner cadre, this inner cult.
  And his name was Charles Galton Darwin.
  He wrote a book called The Next Million Years.
  I don't know how he knew what was going to happen in a million years.
  That's a pretty big number.
  A million years?
  It's like when they talk about how
  Atali has this chapter about 11 million years ago, a monkey jumped out of a tree and that's how humans started walking was because it was 11.
  How do you know what happened 11 million years ago?
  Give me a break.
  Come on.
  But regardless, even though it sounds like science fiction, in their mind, they're writing future history by putting out the science fiction, right?
  So what does he say?
  Now, you might think again, well, he's going to be talking about, you know, science and the importance of science.
  Yeah, he does say that.
  But who does he say the future will belong to?
  He says DNA, RNA, tracking, tracing, all of that, literally.
  He says, well, tell us who the superior bloodlines are.
  What?
  Yes, bloodlines.
  He says the elite have known about and worshipped bloodlines all the way back to Ptolemy and ancient dynasties.
  He says these royal bloodlines will be tweaked so that you'll have breeders and specified breeding
  So that only the elite bloodlines can go into the future.
  What do we see in the news now?
  Kobe Pass, right?
  Bill Gates, we gotta get these numbers down.
  Here's my chart for the numbers and if we get all these numbers down, you know, then maybe I can corner the market on New Balance sneakers with my slave class market that's building all my New Balance sneakers, right?
  Bill Gates, Kobe Pass, 50 years ago, Charles Galton Darwin.
  I'm Jay Dyer of Jay's Analysis.
  Thank you for letting me be here.
  This is the Alex Jones Show.
  Be sure and support InfoWars.
  Support them in any way.
  Get this out.
  Share this stuff.
  A Florida sheriff has threatened to deputize gun owners against Black Lives Matter protesters.
  I will exercise the power and authority as a sheriff and I'll make special deputies of every lawful gun owner in this county.
  Surrounded by his deputies, Clay County, Florida Sheriff Daryl Daniels released a three-minute video urging people to ignore the mainstream media and not fall for the leftist propaganda machine that's telling everyone that law enforcement is evil.
  Don't fall victim to subjecting yourselves to
  Meanwhile, in occupied St.
  Louis, prosecuting attorney Kimberly Gardner is looking to press charges against the Missouri lawyer couple
  who rightfully and lawfully defended their home while brandishing weapons at so-called protesters who broke into their gated community and began to yell obscenities and threats of harm to the couple right in front of their home on private property.