Remember, we are the majority.
  Don't let the globalists gaslight you.
  And Gavin, I think that's what it comes down to.
  They're out of the gate saying, you're all insurrectionists.
  We're going to arrest everybody.
  We're going to arrest Christians, Libertarians.
  He wants to widen the net out, I guess to scare everybody and make us capitulate.
  I think he's bet wrong.
  I think he takes our kindness for weakness.
  It's the opposite.
  It's called restraint.
  How do we point out that, hey, we really did win the election, we have all the numbers, we know the facts, and just let them know that we're not going to bow to this next level of intimidation.
  All their other intimidation hasn't worked.
  I don't think this intimidation will work either.
  From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones.
  The Communist Chinese agent, installed as the 46th President of the United States.
  Peto Trader Joe.
  Rub it in your face.
  But it gets worse.
  The former head of the CIA, the Wahhabist, the Globalist.
  Has said use the CIA against the American people publicly.
  That's completely illegal, but it's been going on forever.
  So it's good to get all these globalists and traitors out in the open.
  That is the leftist Intel community that runs the CIA.
  Thank you for joining us on this January 21st 2021 global transmission.
  It's incredible to be here.
  I intend to open the phones up in the first hour and be good about that because I want to get your take on the inauguration, on where everything's going, on Biden announcing the cutoff of our energy supplies.
  Making little girls have men in bathrooms with them.
  Announcing forced inoculations basically.
  Announcing masks everywhere you go.
  Federal mask mandates.
  Just absolutely out of control.
  I want you to be able to give us your response to that.
  But first, here is Brennan on MSNBC.
  Announcing the U.S.
  intelligence community to be the new secret police to go after all the usual suspects, who they shouldn't have a right to go after, because then it means everybody else.
  The Nazis, the this, the that.
  Remember, they label anybody that's pro-gun, pro-family, pro-Christ, Nazi.
  Then he adds even the Libertarians.
  Well, of course, but never the Communists.
  They're not on the list.
  This man voted for the Communist Party twice, then joined the Wahhabis when he lived in Saudi Arabia.
  That's the group that runs Al-Qaeda.
  Here he is.
  Well, Nicole, I was thinking today that this is the most relaxed I've been in the course of many inaugurations I've watched because I'm not responsible for it.
  But I can tell you that when I was in the government, I was, I had white knuckles because of the nature of the threats.
  But it's so much more difficult today because of what we have seen, not just over the last two weeks, but that certainly has riveted our attention.
  But because of this growth in polarization in the United States and domestic violence in white supremacist groups.
  So I know looking forward that the members of the Biden team who have been nominated or have been appointed
  Democrats are now moving in laser-like fashion to try to uncover as much as they can about what looks very similar to insurgency movements that we've seen overseas, where they germinate in different parts of a country, and they gain strength, and it brings together an unholy alliance, frequently, of religious extremists, authoritarians, fascists, bigots, racists, nativists, even libertarians.
  And unfortunately, I think there has been this momentum that has been generated as a result of, unfortunately, the demagogic rhetoric of people that's just departed government, but also those who continue in the halls of Congress.
  And so I really do think that the law enforcement, Homeland Security, intelligence, and even the defense officials are doing everything possible to root out what seems to be a very, very serious and insidious threat to our democracy and our public.
  The threat to the democracy is Trump couldn't call out National Guard for burning cities, which is totally constitutional.
  And if he had the Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman walk over to the burnt church of the White House, that was fascism.
  But he just called, not just for the intelligence community, total globalists at the top, sworn to destroy the country, but the ones that run the whole thing.
  And even the Department of Defense against the American people.
  That's always been the plan.
  Under Clinton, when I first started really getting into politics, we saw the plan.
  The military warned us of the plan.
  They gave us the intel because they were good people.
  It's not that the military's bad, it's that...
  The people at the top running it are super bad, and we have to turn our backs on this and just realize this is the takeover.
  They're going to stage false flags as the pretext to roll this out and start arresting people, not just taking your bank accounts away.
  And you have to understand, you can't hide under the table from this.
  It's going to expand into every facet.
  They want to loot this country.
  They want to break it.
  They want to bankrupt it so they can consolidate total control into the world government.
  So we're going to break it all down.
  What do you make?
  The former head of the CIA, one of the top coup conspirators against America and President Trump, John Kim Trill, geoengineering, lobbyist, communist, Brennan, on record.
  All these are on record.
  What do you make of this guy declaring war on more than half of America and saying the U.S.
  military will be used on Christians?
  You heard it.
  Gun owners, nativists, nationalists, everybody.
  Libertarians.
  We're gonna take your calls coming up on this subject at 877-789-2539.
  877-789-Alex.
  First-time callers, long-time callers.
  Agree, disagree.
  Wide open phones.
  Well...
  The 79 days of hell that I predicted that would start after November 3rd, 2020 are over.
  And now we're into the first official day of Joe Biden being the president.
  Not a bifurcated day where he came in halfway through.
  And there is a flurry of activities to break our economic back, to keep us shut down, to make us wear muzzles.
  to sexualize children.
  John, the communist Brennan, who also admits there's a chemtrailing operation he says is good for our weather, which now Biden is going to bring back.
  You'll see more chemtrails than ever.
  He has announced that they're going to use the Pentagon, the military, the CIA against everyone, Christians, gun owners, and he even said libertarians.
  You are a threat.
  You are terrorists.
  You will be dealt with.
  So there's your authoritarianism you were looking for.
  And he's the guy quarterbacking a lot of their operations.
  Absolutely totally evil and disgusting.
  As Tucker Carlson came out and said last night,
  Biden has declared war on half the country.
  And so they're not just going to call you white supremacist now, they're going to call you terrorist.
  And I think you can guess by now, rolling over to this and bowing down to this is not going to make you safe.
  It's going to put all of us in a worse position.
  We have cancer.
  It's called globalist authoritarianism.
  We must say no to it.
  There's something very important to understand.
  The reason they're doing this, and I told you this years ago,
  But now they have major academic studies showing it.
  It's not just big tech, but the Rothschilds, the Rockefellers, the Jeff Bezoses of the world, but especially the generational wealth.
  Bezos is a generational wealth.
  They live on giant 10,000, 50,000, 100,000 acre estates.
  They'll have up to a hundred mansions.
  They'll have up to 10, 15 yachts, 20, 30 aircraft.
  They don't interact with the public.
  And when you saw on January 19th, a few days ago, all of downtown D.C.
  and the mall, that big, giant, Egyptian-style monolith, shut down, and only Biden and his wife and Kamala Harris and her whatever-he-is walking around together, and that image of it being totally clear, that's what they want.
  And that's what globalism is, is bringing world government, carry out the orderly depopulation of the planet, whatever's left is in big compact city ghettos, and the globalists have freedom to roam the earth on their own.
  Now, how do I know that?
  I read the writings of them.
  I made a film called End Game.
  E-N-D-G-A-M-E.
  End Game.
  Blueprint for global enslavement.
  Long before they had the Marvel comic movie Endgame, which is also about extermination.
  In there, you will see them explain that they're going to all have live extension technology and live forever.
  You are not.
  So when you see the process of staying in your house, wearing a mask, taking five inoculations a year, having travel passes, scanning a QR code to go in and out of your house, that's all being rolled out in the UK, China, Germany, the US now in some areas, at university level.
  You think, oh, well, this is just a dystopian system to control us.
  No.
  It is a dystopian system to phase you out because they see you as mold or mildew growing on their food in the refrigerator.
  They see you as weevils that got into the grain in the pantry.
  They see you as a mindless, stupid infestation.
  Because in their social Darwinistic worldview, if you can't see through what they're doing when it's out in the open, then you deserve what happens to you.
  So I can talk about all this other news forever.
  But we have a predatory globalist class telling you that they give $10.6 billion from all the big Fortune 100, but mainly big tech, $10.6 billion last year to Black Lives Matter to then fund all the insurrections you see, the false flags, you name it.
  Also fund Antifa.
  They got 1.3 billion last year.
  1.3 billion.
  That's the establishment.
  And that's them attacking what's left of civilization, the middle class, and independent economic systems that can still have the public be able to hold out and be self-sufficient.
  That's why they want homeless everywhere.
  That's why they advertise, be a drug addict, be homeless.
  They want to get you used to tent cities.
  So that as they collapse the borders, and there's giant tent cities, even bigger, with third world people there, and as society breaks down, you will incrementally accept it like the frog in the
  Hot water.
  It slowly turned up.
  So Steve Watson at Infowars.com has done a very important article that deals with the basics of this.
  Academic study finds big tech elites are in their own class different to the rest of humanity.
  We'll cover that more later with this chilling new compilation that's come out.
  Of quote, world leaders calling for the great reset and the build back better after they collapse you, they go, don't worry, it's going to be a lot better.
  Just accept it.
  And on the other side, we'll get better.
  But it's like driving in a car that never gets to his destination.
  You keep asking, are we almost there?
  Yeah, you're almost there.
  Just be patient.
  You never get there.
  It's the process that only locks you down worse.
  And I saw a clip, a grainy clip of, um,
  A Canadian.
  Early last year.
  Warning of how this was incremental and how it was a bear trap.
  Now once you put your arm in it, your leg in it, you never get out.
  We're going to play that clip coming up at the bottom of the hour as well.
  The toll free number to join us is 877-789-2539.
  877-789-ALEX.
  First time callers.
  New callers.
  Regular callers, you disagree, you agree, I just ask you to have a clear phone.
  And just don't thank me, I thank you too.
  Let's just get right to your point.
  We'll go on to the next person.
  We've already got Chris, Daryl, Scott, Greg, and many others.
  Because I want to get the calls in here, what you have to say about the world, about Brennan, and others declaring war, saying the Pentagon will be used on American citizens now, gun owners, Christians, veterans groups, and quote, even libertarians.
  Not allowed to do that now.
  You're a collectivist now under a communist.
  Boy, that's fighting fascism.
  Having the CIA and Pentagon shut down dissent.
  Gavin McInnes is going to be joining us.
  Steve Quill joins us again.
  And Jay Dyer.
  Who I knew about the Great Reset when they first started talking about it five years ago.
  But Jay really reminded me of it last year.
  How this was the Great Reset very early on.
  So we appreciate Jay.
  He'll be hosting in the fourth hour.
  Separately, we are kept on air by your purchases.
  I want to salute from the bottom of my heart and thank you all for keeping us in the fight.
  Plus, we have great products that make your life a lot better.
  Vitamin Mineral Fusion is a high quality vitamin, mineral, essential nutrient, amino acid, multivitamin.
  But it's liquid, so you absorb
  All right.
  It's
  You're not absorbing it through the guts.
  That's why older people need bigger dosages, but no one will tell you that, even though it's in the medical literature.
  So for old folks, especially, vitamin, mineral fusion, I drink it twice a day.
  When I'm smart, sometimes I forget.
  In fact, I want some right now.
  I'm going to go make some during the break.
  So again, ladies and gentlemen, vitamin, mineral fusion, back in stock.
  After being sold out for months and months, and despite the fact that we're not going to get more by the time it sells out,
  I'm still selling it at 50% off because I want those of you that have been on the fence to experience how great it is and get it for yourself.
  It's essential to your immune system, essential to all biological action in the body.
  Vitamineral Fusion, 50% off, 96% reviews, 4.8 stars on third party sites.
  Infowarshstore.com.
  Or triple a 2533139 and the big sale.
  The big global storm sale.
  Those other great items like X two and so many others at 50% off that has to end on Sunday.
  So take advantage of the big mega sale.
  But the new sale is vitamin refusion until it sells out at 50% off.
  Boost your immune system before it's too late.
  We'll be right back with your phone call straight ahead.
  So here's how the globalist communist takeover works.
  They steal the election, they put their people in, Soros gets almost all the major...
  State attorney generals and district attorneys at the county and city level, in force.
  The universities go into pure brainwashing mode, anti-free speech mode.
  The media attacks anybody that's for freedom.
  Big tech silences everybody.
  Major corporations start taking bank accounts and business away and insurance accounts from mainline conservatives, mainline TV hosts, mainline baseball players.
  It's here.
  Absolute total oppression.
  Oh, it was okay for Alex Jones?
  Now it's you.
  And so a lot of people say, well, I better shut up.
  No, you do that.
  They completely win because this is a hot takeover they plan.
  So John Brennan, former head of the CIA, super corrupt, voted for the Communist Party twice.
  He's proud of it.
  Joined the Wahhabist order in Saudi Arabia when he lived there for 10 years.
  That's the group that runs Al Qaeda.
  This monster that helped spy on Trump illegally, engaged in all the frauds, one of the main quarterbacks of this garbage.
  Very arrogant.
  He's the guy that rolls stuff out, though.
  He rolled out five years ago that they're chemtrailing us with additive in the jet fuel to control the weather.
  Remember that?
  Well, now he's rolled out that, indeed, we need to have the Pentagon, the intelligence agencies—by the way, that's illegal—and every other group go after these evil domestic terror groups.
  Then they have Antifa.
  Then they have BLM go out and burn things down, shoot people, kill people.
  And then, when the public gets mad and fights back, you're terrorists.
  That's why they had communists marching all over the country, burning police stations last night, shooting at people, turning over cars, saying, we want a communist overthrow.
  But they never attack the billionaires.
  They never go to Bill Gates' house.
  They never go to Ted Turner's house.
  They never go to Jeff Bezos' house.
  They never go to any of their houses.
  This is their army while they're offshore and bring us down.
  So here's what Brennan had to say on MSNBC, and then we'll go to your calls.
  Nicole, I was thinking today that this is the most relaxed I've been in the course of many inaugurations I've watched because I'm not responsible for it.
  But I can tell you that when I was in the government, I was, I had white knuckles because of the nature of the threats.
  But it's so much more difficult today because of what we have seen, not just over the last two weeks, but that certainly has riveted our attention.
  But because of this growth in polarization in the United States and domestic violence in white supremacist groups.
  So I know looking forward that the members of the Biden team who have been nominated or have been appointed.
  Are now moving in laser-like fashion to try to uncover as much as they can about what looks very similar to insurgency movements that we've seen overseas, where they germinate in different parts of the country and they gain strength and it brings together an unholy alliance frequently of religious extremists, authoritarians, fascists, bigots, racists, nativists, even libertarians.
  And unfortunately, I think there has been this momentum that has been generated as a result of, unfortunately, the demagogic rhetoric of people that's just departed government, but also those who continue in the halls of Congress.
  And so I really do think that the law enforcement, Homeland Security, intelligence, and even the defense officials are doing everything possible to root out what seems to be a very, very serious and insidious threat to our democracy and our republic.
  I want to read you a little bit of how Tom Friedman describes this.
  So this is the establishment, the big corporate funded media, saying we're going to root out the Christians, we're going to root out the Libertarians, we're going to root out the Congress people.
  And they're trying to expel Cruz and Hawley right now.
  I mean, this is a purge.
  So on a scale of 1 to 10, they've already brought us to about a 6 with their actions.
  Their rhetoric is an 11.
  Okay?
  So they mean to carry this out because no one ever stands up, no one ever stops them.
  So we need governors, we need senators, we need everybody to up their rhetoric in the face of this and call it out for what it is, a globalist takeover.
  It's the only way to stop it.
  It's all backed by Communist China.
  It's outrageous.
  But they've used our openness and our normalcy bias that we're still in a free country, so we all just sit here and keep taking it like it's okay.
  It's not okay.
  And now Biden's announcing endless lockdowns, endless masks, endless forced inoculations, endless federal mandates.
  Because this is the takeover.
  It's always been a takeover.
  Biden orders quarantines, mandatory masks, 50-plus action items to destroy Trump's legacy, and folks, wartime powers.
  Something Trump didn't do.
  He must stop burning cities, but they're going to do it to quote, route out, root out the patriots that have momentum.
  They know they stole the election.
  They know we're the majority.
  They've got to stop our momentum.
  They've got to root us out with the Pentagon.
  Wow.
  So yeah, this is just the beginning, folks.
  They know they lost.
  They're going to talk about reconciliation, but it's going to be the opposite.
  He said, we need to stop this uncivil war.
  That means he's going to intensify it.
  Alright, Greg in Iowa, former military, on John Brennan, go ahead.
  Hello?
  Yeah, sure Greg, I'm going to take a call right now, go ahead.
  Hey Alex, praying for you brother, every day.
  30 year military, law enforcement experience guy here.
  Yes sir, do me a favor, your phone's got a little bit of problems there.
  Will you please back off of it a little bit?
  Yeah, how is this Alex?
  Just back off a little bit more.
  How you doing?
  Good, go ahead.
  Thank you.
  Yeah, I still work with security and ex-military guys and military, former guys, special forces guys in my line of work.
  And I'm telling you, some of them are going to do whatever the Pentagon tells them to do, whatever the state tells them to do.
  If we don't push forward with the momentum we have now,
  It's over.
  We can't wait for an election.
  We can't wait for somebody to arrest these guys because they own the system.
  They are the system.
  We are the Constitutionalists.
  We are the Americans.
  We have to do this.
  Because the guys that I know are still active duty, still in the National Guard, are going to do basically what they're told to do.
  Well, that's why it's key for guys that are out of it now to educate those that are in it.
  This isn't like, oh, just follow orders, it'll be okay.
  This is a communist takeover.
  Brennan is a communist.
  They say they want to re-educate America by bringing it to its knees.
  So people need to understand, Greg, that it's only going to get worse from here on out if people follow these orders.
  And I think the communists have bit off more than they can chew.
  I think it's going to trigger real secessionist movements by states like Texas.
  And if you guys do, I'll be moving from Iowa directly to there.
  With everything I can muster to get down there.
  We have to resist.
  We have to.
  We have to resist.
  We can't just pray.
  We can't just talk amongst ourselves.
  We have to be
  Something they have always been.
  The Democrats, the government has always been.
  And they follow through.
  We don't follow through.
  We have to.
  That's right, because they lust after power and they're foreign funded.
  Thank you so much.
  It really is good versus evil.
  We're going to break and come back and talk to Chase the Patriot, Chris, Daryl, Scott, Michael, Carl, and everybody.
  I'm going to move quickly through your phone calls.
  Folks, we have cancer.
  The world has cancer.
  It's a global government takeover, run by the Davos Group, run by the UN, on their own websites and their own videos and their own books and their own statements.
  They're doing this.
  And if we just recognize the plan and the takeover, and look at how all these Fortune 100 companies and big tech have doubled or tripled their profits,
  Some of them have even doubled their total worth in a year off of the lockdown.
  This was all planned.
  This is modern warfare.
  Recognize it and spread the word and don't just be sheeple.
  So it's up to those of you that know what's going on to not be sheeple and warn others.
  As for the sheep, they always love their servitude.
  They will submit to anything.
  The average yuppie woman would kill their child if told to by CNN.
  Welcome back, I'm Alex Jones, your host on this January 21st transmission.
  I'm going to go right back to your phone calls, but I want to be laser clear to all of our affiliates, all of our listeners, all of our supporters, whether it be radio, TV, you name it.
  I know a lot of people heard me on the air 25 years ago, 20 years ago, and they thought, this guy's crazy.
  And a lot of stations put me on because I got high ratings for them, but they thought it was entertainment.
  Then as things got more serious, a lot of stations dropped me because they said it was too scary.
  But in the last five, six years, we've only seen exponentially more radio stations because station managers and owners remembered hearing me on other stations or on their station before they took me off, laying out exactly what would happen.
  And then they see it happen, they go, my God, that guy wasn't crazy, and he wasn't just saying it to be shocking.
  I'm sitting here,
  Wanting to tell you what's really going to happen next.
  And I just, I just, it's so horrible.
  I don't even want to say it.
  I mean, it's that bad.
  I mean, I feel bad even telling you this.
  It's like when somebody comes to you and says, Hey, I got some bad news for you.
  Uh, you want to sit down for this?
  You're like, uh, just tell me.
  Okay.
  Your, your grandma just died.
  Yeah.
  This is a lot worse than that.
  This is our culture dying.
  But see, here's why it's important to face how much trouble we're in.
  That's the only way to get out of this.
  I mean, we're in super bad trouble.
  And I'm not entertaining selling out, but your brain always looks at all options.
  I was back there during the break, getting a little glass of out of mineral fusion in the break room.
  They sent up with some ice cubes.
  And I was just thinking, man, Jones, you could still sell out to the globalists anytime you want.
  And I wasn't even tempted by it.
  But then I thought, I should come explain that to you.
  That's how real this is.
  And that's why I get so mad about the Q thing.
  Which I'm not going to talk about a bunch more.
  But hundreds of articles, New York Times, CNN, everywhere last night.
  Oh look, Biden got inaugurated, he didn't get taken out by the military.
  And now the military's coming for you.
  Just like I told you.
  It was operation trust, trust the plan.
  And it was called the plan, the trust plan in Russian.
  They even call it the original name.
  And it took all these real issues that were going on, but then hyped them up, put disinfo in them to discredit it, and now I see the majority of the Q folks are saying, I'm quitting.
  I'm not going to be involved in politics or research anymore.
  It's all fake.
  There aren't any slave children.
  The globalists aren't pedophiles.
  What do you think Epstein and his island and Bill Gates and Microsoft and corrupting the scientists and all that?
  That wasn't Q that exposed that.
  That was
  Lawyers in Florida, and patriots, and FBI agents that weren't bad, and federal prosecutors that weren't corrupt, and people like Alex Jones and David Icke.
  So it wasn't about who's got the credit.
  You sit there and you expose something, and then a nebulous, esoteric message board takes on over, says it's basically the president,
  And tells you that you're a secret agent so it could lead you into destruction so it could lead our movement into failure because it hates you.
  So don't get out of research just because you got suckered by Q.
  95% of it was true.
  Understand that there's the Great Reset.
  There's Operation Lockstep.
  There's Event 201.
  There's State Department Memorandum 200.
  State Department Memorandum and Public Law 7277.
  All these things you can write down.
  These aren't breadcrumbs.
  These are fact crumbs.
  These aren't Q-drops.
  This is reality.
  Here's another ultra-drop for you.
  Whatever you want to call it.
  Operation Trust.
  Trust the plan.
  That's what they told the men.
  The 1920s, riling up all the patriot Russians.
  They thought they were in opposition.
  And so what I'm telling you is,
  Is they wanted to pacify Trump's support base, then build it up with disinfo to discredit all the real things that were being exposed.
  All the real things that grassroots researchers across this country, countless great people had exposed.
  And so that's what this is about.
  It was so frustrating.
  To talk to two lawyers that work directly with Trump and talk to him in the last couple of weeks and other people that are well known to come on this show that know Trump.
  And said Trump's just despondent and really defiant, but he knows that he's been cut off by the establishment.
  There's nothing he can do.
  He can declassify a bunch of stuff and try to educate the public.
  And he hopes that by showing him a good four years, Biden won't be able to screw us as bad.
  And he even said that in a speech yesterday.
  Trump did, as he was leaving.
  We showed you a good example, so hopefully they won't screw you over now because people will remember that things can be better.
  Remember they told you, no way we get above a 3% growth rate.
  There's no such thing as a magic wand.
  Remember that?
  They got it up to 3.8%, just like that, because they closed America for business.
  You were supposed to invest in China.
  That's how globalism works.
  They pick winners and losers.
  And so it's so frustrating to be telling you the President is stepping down.
  That's not a CG when he tells you that.
  And you wouldn't believe me that you've seen the President on the show!
  And I just want you to go off what's real, like Christ said.
  Not things that are hidden, but things that are out in the open.
  The occult means hidden, of the devil.
  Everything of God is out in the open.
  All right, let's go to your phone calls and I'll take more in the next segment for a couple of segments.
  And Gavin McInnes joins us.
  And then we've got another big guest joining us as well.
  Steve Quayle was on last week.
  Super hot guest, super smart.
  The opposite of Q. He's not going to give you a bunch of sugar-coated crap.
  People need to know the truth.
  Get ready for it.
  That's what's positive is to get people out of their comfort zone, whereby increments they accept more and more until you're dead.
  You got to stop submitting.
  You got to stop going along.
  You got to admit how much trouble you're in.
  Man, I would read globalist documents 25, 30 years ago, and I just was like, I would read it a book.
  By a major professor, or by Anthony Sutton, that was the top congressional researcher for the Congress.
  And I still said, I can't believe David Rockefeller said in 1976 that communism's the way for America, and he loves Mao Zedong, and China's the model, and we're gonna bring in communism in America.
  And I went down to UT library, and I got the microfilm out, and I scanned it up, and I pulled it up, and I paid my five dollars, and son of a bitch, they printed it off for me, and I had the New York Times with him saying it.
  Now years later, that's online.
  You can just type in David Rockefeller from a China traveler.
  There's several articles he wrote, 73 and 76.
  But you talk about a Q-drop, that's Henry Kissinger and David Rockefeller saying, we're going to make America like Communist China in the 1970s.
  And then I read stuff where they said we're gonna get rid of the biological family, there'll be no males and females anymore, we'll use chemicals in the water and cultural controls, and then we'll make it illegal to ever say there was such a thing as men and women.
  I read documents from the 70s that are planning that.
  They're doing it now!
  So here's the deal.
  Back then, I was telling you
  What they were planning to do, now they've been beta testing and all, they're going operational.
  I'm gonna go to break and I promise we'll take five calls next segment.
  We'll take two more segments of calls and then we've got Gavin McInnes coming on at 15 after.
  And just separately, I'll say it again.
  We need financial support.
  The enemy's trying to shut us down.
  You see that now.
  You see me months ago saying, even before the election, you better buy our products now.
  Because going into the future, we'll probably be shut down.
  They're shutting everybody else down.
  We're dug in.
  We knew it was coming.
  So that's why we're still here.
  But believe me, we're like a bunker.
  The missiles are coming in, OK?
  I use, like, the Final Matrix movie where the machines are burrowing into the underground base.
  I mean, it's like... Coming through the walls.
  I mean, you're going to find out soon.
  Lockdown's never going to end.
  Fourth inoculation.
  Half your neighbors will be dying of cancer in five years.
  And it's just... It's a dystopian takeover.
  It's their plan.
  They said they're going to kill 80% of you.
  That's in the public plans.
  So they mean business.
  So I just hope you support us at fullworthstore.com.
  Vitamineralfusion.
  It's got all the vitamins, all the minerals.
  It's a liquid multivitamin.
  Infullworthstore.com.
  50% off even though it's been sold out for months and it supports the broadcast.
  And I'm going to keep selling it until it sells out at that price.
  You'll see it be sold out for weeks or even months.
  And all the other big sales, that has to end on Sunday for the X2, the X3, and a bunch of other products in that big mega sale.
  That's got to end as well.
  Stay with us.
  Well, the former director of the CIA and one of the top globalist operatives in the U.S.
  said the CIA and the Pentagon needs to go after libertarians, Christians, nationalists, patriots.
  And it says we have to be rooted out.
  So that's a purge.
  That is everything we thought was coming.
  It's absolutely over-the-top outrageous.
  Let's go to your calls.
  Kelly in South Carolina.
  Kelly, what is your response to this?
  Well, you know, actually, I called this morning to Tim Scott's office.
  I was trying to get through to anybody so that they could actually call these places and let them know that we're not white supremacists.
  We're just families, hard-working families that are of God and family and prayer, and just trying to make a living.
  I mean, I don't... Well, ma'am, obviously you're not a white supremacist.
  Let me explain how this works.
  If you're a loyal American that believes in God, family, capitalism, second amendment, you're a Nazi so you deserve to die.
  Brennan runs Antifa, he's a communist.
  So, notice he says now, what is a Nazi?
  It's a Christian, it's a libertarian.
  He just told us it's everybody.
  He said it's nativist, it's nationalist, it's everybody.
  This is a dirty communist.
  The number one threat to America is him.
  And so, please continue.
  I've got a friend that works in a nursing home right now, okay?
  She doesn't vaccinate, neither do I, but what it is is that her mind is open to understanding what she's about to see.
  The COVID people came to her work yesterday, and they vaccinated all their patients.
  Last night, one of her patients died last night, and then one is actively dying right now.
  And she has... I don't know the name of these patients.
  I don't.
  That's beyond.
  But she basically let me know.
  Stop, stop, stop, stop.
  A bunch of people's family work in nursing homes.
  Same story.
  They've never seen anything like it.
  Big nursing homes have deaths within hours of it happening.
  Other people die a few weeks later.
  So yes, this is mainly an extermination operation of old people.
  It has many different ways
  That it affects folks, but the mRNA vaccine is killing old people.
  That's why it's been suspended in a bunch of European countries, but not here.
  So she's got to go public.
  She has a right and a duty to go public as a whistleblower.
  Tell me what else she said.
  Well, she's terrified, but also there's two other people that are in my hometown that are, I mean, I'm not going to say their names, but they developed ASIF.
  And one of them, their tongues went numb and her whole body was tingling.
  God knows what, you know, what's happening afterwards.
  Ma'am, that's why they don't want this show on air.
  They don't want you to have any place to call in.
  And again, the nursing homes aren't just getting the liability protection that vaccine makers have now.
  If there's deaths under COVID, they're now getting covered, even if somebody dies of something else.
  A license for neglect.
  Nursing homes are seeking and winning immunity amid the coronavirus pandemic.
  And now we're seeing record numbers of old die because they're killing them.
  It's a plan.
  Is this not sick?
  It's very big, but I'm awake, and I will die being awake.
  I am of God.
  My family is.
  I don't care what will happen.
  I'm awake, and I will do whatever.
  I don't care.
  I don't have Facebook.
  I don't have any of that stuff.
  I never have.
  Well, Kelly, you're beautiful, but you've got to tell everybody.
  You've got to tell folks that this is happening, too, to do the same thing, because here's the deal.
  They knew.
  That's why in England, the National Health Service covered its ass a month ago when this all started, or a month and a half ago.
  They said, old should not take it.
  We're having too many adverse reactions above 75.
  They then said under 16 and pregnant women.
  But that was an advisory.
  They still have the corporations and local clinics bullying and telling people they have to, and then they take it.
  You understand?
  So the fine print tells you this.
  Guys, pull it up.
  Top advisory board to National Health Service lists three groups that should not take COVID vaccine.
  And again, it's not a COVID vaccine.
  So, is she freaking out that one person died after taking this and then another is sick?
  Well, she's aware of vaccines and injuries.
  She's aware of all that, but seeing it for her own eyes, like just knowing it, and then she's got nurses that are like looking at her because they were so proud.
  They had to sign, you know, got my vaccine.
  They're so excited.
  But she was, she's so aware and just knowing that is what's going on.
  It's a different, it's a different, it's different.
  I totally agree with you.
  God bless you.
  Don't stop calling to talk radio, calling to C-SPAN, call Congress.
  Have her call Congress and just point out.
  And again, you can pull it up.
  You can pull it up.
  A top medical advisory board in the UK warns that three groups should not take these vaccines.
  And it was above 75, below 16, and pregnant.
  Three groups of people advised not to get the Pfizer COVID vaccine.
  Yahoo News, December 10th, 2020.
  That's out of the UK.
  Okay, but it's fine print.
  Well, then why are they vaccinating the entire old folks' homes and calling it the priority?
  They are murdering them.
  The military isn't coming.
  The white coats are coming.
  Brainwash cult.
  And the good white coats that tell you all this, they get censored by big tech.
  Organized syndicated crime.
  Thank you so much.
  Folks, they're going for broke.
  See, they're going to commit a crime so big with so much death.
  Well, yeah.
  Thank you, Alex.
  I believe it's...Brennan is giving you a coded message.
  What he's basically saying is this.
  There'll be no room in the United States henceforth politically for a third party, for any movement to come in and anyone else, a libertarian or natives or anybody, cannot organize against the two political parties.
  Because the two political parties, Alex, if you stand back a little bit and look at what happened with Trump.
  You had the party leadership always uniting to make sure that political sausage is made of any third party candidate.
  Ross Perot, Ron Paul, Bernie Sanders, anybody.
  And Trump was unstoppable.
  But they then organized to get rid of him.
  And they did.
  Knowing that there was this collusion between the Congress and the Senate and the two political parties, the media piled on fearlessly, knowing they could do anything.
  The judicial stayed out, because obviously they understood to be a political sausage-making, and the political assassination worthy of a Shakespearean Caesar was done.
  And we witnessed it.
  Now Brennan is saying, listen, this reminds everybody that when you try to come against two political parties, you're an outsider, you're a Koresh, you're a guy that's going to be out there, you know, in Waco doing crazy shit, taking Kool-Aid.
  And we're going to fix your clock.
  Do not touch this union of two parties.
  I totally agree with you, and it's a globalist uniparty that's coming to literally get rid of the old, because the boomers are all getting old, and they're just setting a precedent where they kill them with an mRNA vaccine that also has a sterilizing effect on the young.
  That's why it has five different viruses.
  They have cooked up the perfect soft kill weapon, my brother.
  So how do we counter this?
  You know, these sort of actions give opportunity.
  They give rise to opportunity.
  We had a president that had control of the Congress, and he had control of the Senate, and he had control of the presidency.
  And look where we are at this stage of the game.
  Look what has happened.
  Basically, President Trump should not, at this stage, give these people any excuse to blame him for any of their failures.
  Their philosophy, their policies are failure.
  Let them wipe out in a few months, by March 15th or 19th, which will be a Friday.
  Look at the stock market.
  I'm going to call it out.
  All right?
  You're going to see what these people are going to do.
  They're going to be at each other's throat within months.
  Do not, under any circumstances, stop them from destroying, because the destruction, which they're good at, you'll have people who will then build after.
  That's right.
  Evil always has a criminal will to dominate and ruin and sit on top of a pile of ashes, but in the end they get swept away in the final phase by themselves infighting.
  You are totally correct, but I'm telling you, they came up with a systematic plan to roll out eugenics, to roll out gene therapy, but toxic gene therapy, to kill old people and they're just testing it out in the open.
  Look at Governor Cuomo killing all those folks.
  I mean, this is so cold-blooded.
  What do you call a strategy where it's too evil to fail, or it's so evil people can't recognize it, then accept it, and then become accomplices, so then later defend it, like abortion?
  Well, we have to... Now you're coming to the spiritual side.
  Jesus Christ told us to have faith.
  Either you have a spiritual life or you don't.
  If you do, you cannot do it by yourself.
  You have to love each other.
  Open the gates of heaven.
  Open yourselves to the infinite.
  Open yourself to love.
  You know, when I see these robots dancing around in Boston, I studied artificial intelligence.
  At the very beginning, Alex, I started out, oh, when Goodman was doing his work, oh, when cybernetics was invented.
  And basically, I'll tell you this, those robots don't impress me.
  All of them need to be recharged.
  Just like you have to recharge.
  The biological entity is superior to all.
  And you cannot, under any circumstances... You know, Carlos, you've been calling for like 12, 14 years.
  I know who you are.
  You got a big pedigree in science.
  Let's get Carlos on as a guest soon.
  Set that up, Dario, right now.
  Carlos, we love you.
  Amazing points.
  All right, ladies and gentlemen, that's another insider telling you what's really going on.
  We'll be right back as we battle the globalist post-human era.
  Hour number two, your calls.
  Gavin McInnes, InfoWars.com.
  Everybody I run into has stories about family they've got that work in nursing homes, or folks they've got in nursing homes, and now they're trying to make everybody take the shots.
  And how most people just warehouse their family.
  They don't even care what happens to them.
  So they just find out, hey, mom's having a convulsion, or mom's dead.
  But some people actually take care of their family with their nursing home and watch over them and they're saying, oh, you're not getting the vaccine.
  And then the nursing homes are pressuring people.
  Oh, you're in a net risk group.
  But the British government's advisory board said it's killing them at high rates.
  Don't take it.
  And it doesn't protect you.
  So we can open the phones up tomorrow for three, four hours and just take calls from nursing home workers.
  And you're not going to hear him calling them good stories, folks.
  This is meant to just be this big evil that's out in the open, and we all just accept it.
  Because the left's all been about, oh, let's kill old people at 75, Ezekiel Emanuel that helped write Obamacare, oh, let's not give them health care, Bill Gates said.
  On and on and on, they're not valuable.
  Oh, and little kids aren't valuable, and you're not valuable, and you're not essential.
  All of you are not essential.
  When you decide somebody else isn't essential, you've just made yourself essential.
  This is so damn predatory.
  Carl in Virginia, you're on the air, go ahead.
  And Michael.
  Yes sir, Alex, I'd like to just say, I would like to say that this is a chimera genocide.
  As in, you know, it's just a combination of medical
  And also, you know, racial, they're trying to spark a racial war, you know, now they're basically spitting rhetoric that's going to have people on the streets once again, you know, the white knockout game, you know, knocking white people out on the streets.
  And, uh, basically just pitting us against each other, and I think it's too multifaceted to just put into one word, so... Well, that's right.
  There is an epidemic of white people in Europe and the U.S.
  and Canada being pushed by black people into oncoming trains.
  And it's a form of execution, and the knockout games kill a lot of people, and it is racial.
  That's because the average black person that does that, not the average black person, the average person that doesn't, looks at the TV and believes there's an epidemic of blacks being killed by police.
  Even though the rarest way for a black man to die in the Western world is by cops.
  There's about 14 a year that get killed by cops in a questionable situation.
  Maybe 200 that get killed, period.
  I mean that, oh, but 2,000 blacks killed 2,000, you know,
  Blacks.
  Every year in Chicago, nobody cares.
  So yeah, it's very sick.
  And you're right.
  The whole thing is a destabilization campaign.
  They're hitting us at every angle.
  Locking us down.
  Telling us we're not essential.
  Massive increases in suicide.
  Drug use.
  All of it increasing.
  Absolutely.
  And it seems to be only increasing.
  And you know, Big Pharma's been at it for years.
  My uncle Dennis did five seasons in Vietnam, three-and-a-half escape POW, two-time Purple Heart winner, and stated to me, do not join the military because the reason why I was over there, no matter what you were told, was to collect their opium because Big Pharma needed their opiates.
  That's the reason why.
  Absolutely.
  I had a family member who was a great guy.
  And he was running operations, covert operations into Cambodia and Laos.
  And then when the CIA got caught shipping in massive amounts of opium.
  Uh, he just in one little case, he took the fall for him and he didn't even get in trouble once he did that.
  Then they promoted him and he was an Iran contra high level after that.
  And they told me the exact same thing.
  I remember him, he would never tell me the secret stuff.
  He just said, listen, at the end of the day, it's about children.
  And I said, what do you mean?
  He goes, it's about children, little children, orphanages in Latin America and what they do to children.
  He said that I couldn't be part of it and got out of it.
  So, let me tell you, at the end of the day, John Brennan, it's all about children.
  And folks, they're not just screwing them.
  To them, it's the ultimate selfishness.
  Just come into a room with a three-year-old and just take a knife and just gut their ass.
  That's what Joseph Mengele would do.
  He'd take four or five little kids every morning out, feed them chocolate bars in his car, get them out on a country road, and then he'd just shoot them with his Luger.
  That's what he did.
  Other people like to rape them.
  Other people like to stab them.
  Other people like to torture them to death.
  Other people like to slowly kill them.
  Other people like Mingla like to, you know, cut parts of their brains out and put it in other brains and pull their eyeballs out with pliers.
  I mean, that's what they do.
  And so at the end of the day, it's about torturing children.
  That's what the demon wants.
  The thing in them wants children.
  And so just remember, when you look at the Democrats up there, they want children.
  You know, Joe Biden just wants to have sex with them.
  That's what we know.
  His family all has sex with each other.
  He's just a total pervert.
  That's bad enough.
  But I mean, you know, so he's kind of a low level.
  He's not into pulling their eyeballs out, their teeth out with pliers.
  All right, we'll be right back in 60 seconds.
  Please stay with us.
  And we have a domesticated, dumb-dumb population in the first world.
  We have an enslaved, starving population in the third world.
  We have a worldwide shutdown now causing total collapse.
  Giant third world armies are being brainwashed and prepared to march on the United States and are already coming in.
  They're marching by the millions on Europe.
  The UN is involved in planetary takeover using the threat of their exaggerated virus along with the threat of the giant migrant hordes that they control and the threat of economic collapse that they control.
  To usher in planetary government.
  And all of it was in documents in the 70s, 80s, and 90s and 2000s.
  Remember Lou Dobbs?
  All those secret North American Union documents where it was, they're going to use viruses, they're going to use migrant waves, they're going to use economic crises to bring in one world government for global crises, a global solution.
  And it's an authoritarian world government that wants to depopulate you and make you poor.
  And it's run by rich communists that are above the law and don't pay taxes, but want you to live under communism like John Brennan.
  And big tech is their control arm to do it.
  And now John Brennan, we played it twice last hour.
  I'm not going to play it again.
  It's on Infowars.com.
  John Brennan gives his plan away.
  Biden officials move in laser light fashion.
  To identify, root out political opposition from the population.
  They said Christians and even Libertarians are not welcome.
  You will be rooted out.
  You will be imprisoned.
  So it is official.
  The purge is here.
  The storm of the globalist is here.
  Yes, the storm was coming.
  Brennan is probably the latest cue.
  All right, let's go ahead and take some phone calls ahead of Gavin McGinnis joining us.
  All right, let's talk to Chase in California.
  Chase, you're on the air.
  Alex, thanks for taking my call.
  A few years ago, you had that reporter contest.
  I tried out, and ever since, I just continued on.
  I want to thank you for giving me that push and encouragement to do so.
  Hey, you know, it doesn't take very much research to find out that China is celebrating their Biden puppet.
  There's three headlines right now on Asia Times, which, of course, is the CCP mouthpiece for propaganda.
  First one says, the making of U.S.
  empire at the dawning of its end.
  The second one says, Biden affects buoys to Hong Kong stocks to 20 months high.
  And the third one, more disturbing.
  Listen to this, Richard N. Haas last week of the CFR said, America's done, China's the future, ah ha ha, Biden will mark the end of America.
  They literally put a guy in that can't talk, can't even hardly walk, to make us look weak so everybody divests and leaves to China.
  Which the average leftist is a complete idiot.
  They're trying to get free tuition and free this or that when there'll be no economy.
  So it's up to us.
  That's Trump's key.
  Trump for four years tried to stabilize.
  The last year they shut the economy down with COVID.
  But Trump and all of us have to point out that we can stabilize.
  We could have business here if there wasn't prohibitive globalist systems blocking it and unfair trade systems.
  And so now hell's gonna hit.
  People have to know the globalists did it.
  Please continue.
  Yes, and the big thing is those rare earth minerals, of course.
  That's all the technology.
  Start over with your three headlines, because I've got the similar headlines here.
  They are celebrating.
  They're saying it's the end of America.
  They're saying we crushed Trump.
  Goodbye scumbag.
  I mean, they are saying we control you now.
  Ha.
  Oh yeah, it's dawning of the end of the American empire.
  It's the Hong Kong stock market.
  It's all 20 months high.
  And you know, as all this negative is out there, you kind of have to laugh sometimes at the, for instance, the Brennan thing.
  When I heard Brennan listing off all those different groups he wants to target, my mind went to the old movie Blazing Saddles.
  There's a scene on there where they're saying, bandits and robbers and card sharks and outlaws, horse wranglers, gunslingers and libertarians?
  When exactly did standing up for the values of Thomas Jefferson become a bad and evil thing?
  This is a communist, on record he says he's a communist, who's invested in China, who literally makes money when we go down, telling us it's the end of our country, and big tech telling us America's racist and bad when big tech Apple has the worst death camps on record in China.
  That's mainstream news!
  They run death camps, but they fund Black Lives Matter so it's okay!
  Thank you Chase, I appreciate your call.
  Excellent points.
  Yes, it's insane.
  But the average leftist... A person in that control room is a great guy, and he's worked here 18 years now.
  His sister was a wonderful person.
  She became a socialist and a communist.
  And now she said, I love Xi Jinping, I hate America.
  I mean, she's never been to China.
  I asked him.
  She has no idea what it's like.
  Paul Watson went there a couple times.
  Like four or five times, and he said, it's hellish.
  Old people just fall down and die on the street, and just maggots are all over them.
  Boiling on piles of maggots, and they just gotta kick the bones into the gutter.
  At most of the big factories, the children as young as three are chained to a power pole and defecate on the side of the street, and then maybe get one meal at night, and the parents make enough money.
  Oh, but here, if you spank your child, the CPS takes them.
  They're undermining us with the Cloward and Piven strategy.
  Okay!
  Let's go ahead and take another call here.
  Let's talk to Michael in Canada.
  Let's talk about why Trump failed.
  Go ahead.
  Hey Alex, I can tell you why I think Trump failed, but first I'd like to do a little bit of a product plug.
  The Vitamin Mineral Fusion.
  Can you hear that?
  Yes sir.
  Oh yeah.
  Hear that?
  That's just mixing it in a glass.
  That gives me some gas for the day.
  If you don't have it now, you...
  Get it now.
  50% off.
  Infowarsstore.com.
  My opinion on why Trump failed is early into his administration, the one thing he failed to do was pardon and hire and bring in Julian Assange.
  With Julian Assange, I mean,
  Yes, he did break into the DoD computers when he was 14 years old as an Australian national.
  Yes, that's a crime.
  Underage crime.
  He now knows better.
  He could have brought in a lot of the white hat community and they could get through a lot of these encrypted apps for all these... No, I hear you.
  Trump did not have anybody to help him against the cyber attack still being run by Brennan and Obama stayed behind networks.
  Obama basically never really left office.
  I don't know.
  Not giving him a pardon, but this is why Trump didn't do it.
  He was reportedly told by evil turtle Mitch McConnell that they will allow the Senate trial and will convict Trump, even though that's not constitutional, he's a private citizen now, that they're going to go ahead with this trial in the Senate.
  That's why they put a hundred day on it.
  We're going to wait a hundred days.
  We're going to go ahead and continue with Trump's impeachment in the Senate.
  If he doesn't do what we want.
  So see if he goes away quietly and lets them take over, then they might leave him alone.
  But I think that's a Damocles sword over his head.
  And I don't think Trump should let them bluff him.
  I think Trump, Trump, but look, Trump's been in the arena.
  He's done a lot.
  I'm not going to jump on the bandwagon of bashing Trump.
  It's just that certainly he should have pardoned Assange.
  Early in his tenancy, his presidency, I think that would have helped him greatly and would have saved the Republic.
  Well, hindsight's 20-20.
  If he wouldn't have fired Flynn early on when they were targeting Flynn, because Flynn was a patriot, I agree.
  But that's all behind us now, brother.
  Assange is bigger than anybody.
  Assange is the key maker to everything.
  He could get into all the encrypted apps that all the backstabbing Democrats and Republicans are doing backchannel chats on.
  Well look, the CIA could have done that better than Assange ever could if they weren't working for the globalists.
  They have been vetting, they set the CIA up in 47 under British intelligence and the globalists to take America over.
  It's been anti-American since its inception.
  I appreciate your call.
  And some people say, oh my god, Assange is so incredible.
  Assange is a talented person and I think a good guy overall, but I mean, he's nothing compared to what Snowden put out.
  And you know, you've got Snowden hiding out in Russia.
  All right, thank you for the call.
  We've got a bunch of other callers.
  Chris, Adam, Scott, John, William, Gerald, Trent.
  We'll get to a lot of you, but first, we've got the man, the myth, the patriot, Gavin McInnes, joining us to talk about these crazy times.
  On the other side.
  We are back live broadcasting worldwide.
  Gavin McInnes is our guest.
  I am your host, Alex Jones, and wow!
  Remember back in 2012, now nine years ago, time's flying?
  Infowars.com was sent by an Army source, leaked U.S.
  Army documents, outlawing a plan for re-education camps in America.
  And about six months later, the Army officially declassified it and said it's true, a plan to round up millions of Americans and put them in camps to re-educate them about their political views.
  Now, John Brennan, the communist, the guy that illegally spied on Trump, I already played this clip twice, but he came out and he said, we need to identify and root out, that means purge, Christians and even Libertarians.
  He mixed in Nazis in the middle.
  He just said, anybody that doesn't go along with us, this is incredible.
  Kevin McInnes himself has basically become a political prisoner, demonized, attacked, deplatformed, lied about.
  And he's going to get into Biden's imminent war on not just the right, but the left as well.
  And how he's going after domestic terrorists and anyone who supported Trump.
  This is the Gulag.
  Ian Gabbin McGinnis is on words from censored.tv.
  Gavin, thank you so much for joining us.
  Uh, this is incredible.
  Our lives.
  And it's not just the government that is going to arrest us and send us to re-education camps.
  The brilliant thing about the fascists is they have a self-police.
  So they have their cops who are going to arrest us and a fucked up justice system that's going to throw us in jail for crimes we didn't commit.
  But the other smart thing about what they do is they have your neighbors police you.
  Like when Maxine Waters says, harass them at the gas station.
  So now we have our own family members, and this is right out of the Soviet Union, our own family members, our neighbors, the guy making our sandwich, they're all out to get us too.
  So their force is actually much larger than what you just see in the uniform.
  Well that's right, that's always the essence of authoritarianism.
  And you'll see the reports in the US and Canada and Australia.
  In the UK, just once someone will call and say, I see six people, they're only allowed to have five, and they SWAT team them and slam people's heads in the ground, all for this exaggerated virus.
  I mean, wasn't the virus the excuse to get the martial law in?
  And now we learn it's permanent and it's political.
  Because they're announcing the same thing all over the world.
  We're coming after the Nationalists.
  You know, I know this barber who was in the Midwest.
  He's got tattoos all over his face, including a barber pole on his nose.
  He's a little nuts, but he's really into confederacy stuff, confederate flags and all that.
  And he kept having his barber shops shut down.
  So you know where he moved to experience freedom?
  Where?
  Moscow.
  Wow.
  He's in Russia now.
  Because it's freer there.
  I think in many ways, China, living in Beijing, I think you might have more free speech under certain parameters than you would here.
  We used to, like that guy, there was that book Digital Gulag, and we used to talk about a gulag very metaphorically, even like two years ago.
  But now it's real.
  Now people who were there on January 6th are going to get rounded up, innocent or not, and under the auspices of catching white supremacists and domestic terrorists, they're going to get you, me, everybody.
  We're going to jail.
  And there's no bottom.
  They admit they're going to go further from there.
  They're going to re-educate our children.
  They're going to tell our little boys and little girls.
  They're literally coming after our sons' testicles.
  Yeah, well, I mean, when Trump was first in office, my younger boy was in pre-K and he told me he hates Trump.
  I mean, he wasn't even speaking that clearly because he was four or three and he said, I hate Trump.
  I said, why do you hate him?
  He goes, because he doesn't listen.
  So, the K-12 propaganda has been going on forever, but I really feel like, as of yesterday, it all came to a head.
  You know, like the frogs boiling on the frying pan.
  We just started getting third-degree burns, like, today.
  I agree with that.
  So, do we jump out, or do we embrace our destruction?
  We have to keep fighting.
  It's in our nature.
  I mean, that's wood chucks.
  If you if you take a beaver and you domesticate him in your home, he's going to start chewing everything that's wood around the house.
  He needs to because he has to file down his teeth.
  And true patriots are the same way.
  We need to keep fighting.
  They take us to court, we'll fight it in court.
  We go to prison, we'll fight from prison.
  We'll fight to be exonerated.
  We'll file an appeal.
  We'll just keep going and going and going.
  That's the one good thing left in this country.
  Some of us still have grit.
  Some of us still want to fight.
  Well, that was my next point.
  What about the instincts of people that genetically, because a lot of it is nature, a lot of it's nurture, but I think more of it is nature.
  A lot of people aren't just going to be slaves.
  They're not going to put up with it.
  They're going to instinctively fight this.
  And a communist takeover might have worked in China, where they were good, hardworking people, but had been slaves for thousands of years.
  In Russia, they'd been under the czars for 500 years and had been basically slaves.
  And they just replaced one form of slavery with something far worse.
  Even if America's gotten decadent and lazy and stupid in ways, the instincts are still there.
  And this is a big, flaming, over-the-top tyranny taking over.
  I mean, this is the most sickening thing I've ever seen.
  And it announces itself.
  I mean, even the Nazis and the Soviets were kind of quiet about what they did behind the scenes.
  These guys are out in the open.
  Yeah.
  Well, I agree with you, it's genetic, and I think the reason communism flourishes is because there are people with communist DNA.
  There are people who like to tattletale, who like a lack of freedom.
  They like decisions being made for them.
  They don't like a menu that has too many things on the menu.
  Just give me the food.
  Just give me a pile of hot food.
  I don't want anything.
  But the rest of us, and I would say,
  These genetic communists only represent maybe 30% of our population and like 80% of China's population.
  I think that China changed its DNA when Mao killed 80 million people.
  He murdered all the creative people.
  Absolutely, exactly.
  They killed all the leaders.
  Yeah, and he went fun.
  And that's the thing.
  This is what makes America unique.
  And the West, really.
  We've tasted fun.
  We've tried fun.
  If you were born in gray, then when they impose more gray, it doesn't really matter.
  But we've we've watched Blazing Saddles and Richard Pryor and Rodney Dangerfield.
  We've we've experienced the 80s.
  We've partied our asses off.
  We've made jokes that were offensive, that made people laugh.
  We've had movies that had, you know,
  Very controversial bits in them.
  And we laughed at that, too.
  So we've experienced freedom before.
  And now that they impose this gray and say, you can't do this, you can't say that, you're going to jail if you do this.
  We're going to have the inclination to fight back because we know what's on the other side of this big gray wall.
  And it's color.
  You remind me of the 1984 Apple ad where everybody's in gray marching.
  Here comes the Valkyrie female in her red shorts and throws the sledgehammer through the big brother telescreen.
  Today we celebrate the first glorious anniversary of the information purification of the victims.
  We have created, for the first time in all history, a garden of pure ideology, where each worker may bloom, secure from the pests of their incontrovertible thoughts.
  Our unification as a force is more powerful a weapon than any fleet or army on Earth.
  We are one people, with one will, one resolve, one cause.
  Our enemies shall talk themselves to death, and we will bury them with their own confusion.
  We shall prevail!
  That's what this is Gavin.
  I want to come back and get into
  What's happening in the world, what you think Biden's gonna do, what he's already doing, what you think about what happened at the Capitol, and how they're again arresting Joe Biggs.
  I mean, I know Joe, you know Joe.
  He didn't do anything, he didn't break anything, but just because he was there having fun, BLM can burn buildings down and if it can shoot people in the head, that's okay, but because he was having fun, they're now charging him with all of these felonies.
  We'll be right back with Gavin McInnes.
  He's dead.
  Censor dot TV and folks now more than ever outposts like band dot video and sensor dot TV are such precious oases and they're exploding.
  But then they're trying to deplatform us and take our servers away and suing us and so much more.
  So that's why your word of mouth is so key.
  That's how we reach new people in this dark times.
  They know the truth.
  All right.
  We'll be right back.
  Ladies and gentlemen, on the other side, info wars.com and news wars.com.
  Tomorrow's news today.
  Gavin McGinnis is our guest.
  It's an experience I know other people have had because they brought it up to me.
  And I have the experience four or five times a week.
  I will wake up in the morning.
  I've had a great night's sleep.
  And I feel optimistic about the world, and my feet hit the ground, and I remember we're under lockdown, we're under mask, we're under globalist takeover, we're under Agenda 2030, we're under the Great Reset, and I just feel so sorry for the public who think they're just complying with something because they're heroes, when really they're being inducted into a post-human communist system in Klaus Schwab and Bill Gates's own words.
  But you see, those are followers.
  It really is up to us.
  You could be black, you could be white, you could be Chinese, you could be Hispanic, who are leaders, and who don't want to live on our knees, and who do want freedom, and who do have that inner code of not being snitches, and do have that inner code of recognizing tyranny.
  To stand up and be strong.
  And Gavin was talking about the 1776 DNA versus the 1984 DNA.
  One problem with 1776 DNA is that we don't like to run things.
  We don't like to dominate.
  We don't like to have to stand up and fight.
  We will.
  So we tend to put up with stuff because we don't want to be like the authoritarians.
  But we've reached the point of not submitting anymore and things have just collapsed.
  Into the censorship and the control and the CIA director, you know, saying we're going to arrest Christians and Libertarians.
  We're going to root you out.
  We're going to purge you.
  I mean, and now everything that was hidden is now being externalized.
  Hillary, five years ago, saying we need camps for conservative white men.
  Everybody laughed.
  So they're just opening it up that, hey, we want to arrest these people.
  We want to reprogram them.
  Now it's on every channel.
  I mean, Gavin, they are really planning to do this.
  What do we do about it?
  Because they've never been held accountable.
  They think they're invincible.
  We have to turn it back on them.
  You know, if they want to use that kind of vernacular, that adolescent vernacular of you're a Nazi, you're a white supremacist, we call them Nazis and white supremacists.
  You know, open borders only benefits rich white men in both countries.
  We call them Nazis.
  We call them fascists.
  We call them white supremacists.
  All these people pushing for diversity.
  All of their kids go to all-white schools.
  Let's slam-baste them on that one fact that there's two black kids at your school and you have a Black Lives Matter sign on your lawn.
  Why did you move to an area that is so white?
  And why are your kids in all-white schools if you're so for diversity?
  You're lying and we caught you.
  And we have to get legal.
  I think lawfare is an important step.
  You know, I sued the SPLC.
  It's still sitting on the judge's lap.
  They filed, whatchamacallit, I forget what it's called, a motion to dismiss.
  Then we filed a motion to dismiss.
  It hasn't moved.
  It's a turtle sitting there.
  But I still got Morris Dees fired, the president to step down, their top head of legal to step down, their top researcher stepped down.
  I chopped the head off the snake and we didn't even start.
  So the SPLC took a major blow just from the filing of a lawsuit.
  Ezra Levant over at the Rebel, he's suing like 50 people right now for calling him a Nazi.
  You can't roll over and take it.
  And you're right, the 1776 DNA, especially white dads.
  Like, we look at TV, we look at Homer Simpson, and it's just abuse, abuse, abuse.
  And we take it because we can.
  But eventually you have to go, alright, that's enough with the Homer Simpson stuff.
  That's enough with the constant telling me how to live.
  That's enough with the silencing me, controlling the American conversation.
  We've had enough.
  This is it now.
  And that's where we're at right now.
  But the Chinese Biden world, Donald Trump Jr.
  just said congratulations China.
  At the same time, we're saying we've had enough.
  They have never been more powerful.
  So this is a major clash going on.
  And Don Jr.'
  's right to say congratulations, Chi Combs, because they're the ones that really interfered.
  They're the ones that really took over.
  And people need to understand, their whole way of life, the average leftist thinks they're going to get free money out of helping sell the country out.
  No, they just lost their whole future.
  I would plead to every socialist just to go to China once.
  I lived in Taiwan for a while, but we'd go to the mainland a lot to renew our visas.
  I used to teach English there.
  And we'd go to Singapore, Beijing, and it's, there's no joy.
  There's no quality of life.
  They'll work for 11 months.
  And then go back home for Chinese New Year.
  They don't see their kid for 11 months.
  You're not a father at that point.
  You're like a great grandparent or something or a cool uncle.
  There's dogs in my building.
  This is Taiwan.
  There's dogs in tiny cages being bred for food.
  They're covered in blood and they're all wet and disgusting.
  And they roam the streets.
  People kick them.
  If you get hit by a car there, you're responsible for the person's hospital bills.
  So when they hit someone in a car, they just keep running over them until they're dead so they don't have the bills.
  One time we were in Beijing and a journalist wrote an article about police brutality.
  You know what happened next?
  The police beat him to death.
  So, this utopia you see on the cover of a Billy Bragg record, Workers Playtime, where the workers are all together in the fields with their giant scythes, isn't remotely close to true.
  It's just dirt, and grime, and death, and sewage, and pollution, and pain, and grey.
  We're told America is the ugliest, most evil thing on earth because the globalists don't want a high example, so people aspire to that.
  We've got to be brought down so we're all in that giant globalist sludge, but they're in compact cities and armored countryside redoubts, totally separate from us, and we're all in the sludge.
  That's their plan.
  We're all going to dress like Bernie Sanders in our big fat mittens and our gray coats if they get their way.
  Continuing here, I mean, this is a real dystopic takeover.
  Why do you think they've launched it in such earnest?
  We knew they were planning it, they were building it, but it seems like they've just gone all out because populism scared them?
  Yes.
  You see, this is the difference between the 1776 DNA and the Communist DNA.
  You and I want people to feel better.
  Look at Donald Trump's book, The Art of the Deal.
  The first three chapters are about you making more money.
  You thriving.
  Then he talks about growing up.
  But even when he's talking about his own life, he's talking about how this could help you.
  And this is how I collected rent.
  And here's how you make money here.
  You look at Obama's books, or Michelle Obama's books, and it's all me, me, me, me, me.
  You know, you look at someone like Cernovich, you, me, we're trying to tell people how to improve their lives, and then we want them to go about their merry way, right?
  The other DNA is the opposite.
  All they care about is power.
  All the Bolsheviks care about is power.
  The whole world can burn!
  The whole world!
  Everyone can starve to death!
  You think Stalin cared about the 40 million people he starved to death?
  He couldn't care less.
  It's all about me and power and me.
  I love seeing other people do well as long as they didn't take it from me.
  I see that rising all the ships.
  The average leftist wants everybody low.
  They actually don't want prosperity.
  And even studies show they're like 9, 10 times more likely to steal.
  Like 7, 8 times more likely to lie.
  They don't give to charity.
  They're just frauds.
  Remember Margaret Thatcher brought that up.
  They said she was being criticized because the gap between rich and poor was the highest it's ever been in Britain, which was true.
  But that's because she privatized everything.
  So rich and poor used to be way down here, then she privatized Britain, and now rich and poor was up here.
  The poorer were still way richer.
  And she pointed out that Mr. Honorable Speaker would rather have everyone down here and be closer together than way up here.
  It's not that way in sports.
  It's not that way in any meritocracy.
  But the left doesn't want that.
  They don't want prosperity.
  And we have to keep fighting for it or we're never going to see it again.
  What are your predictions?
  We've got one more segment.
  I want to get into other subjects you want to cover, but in 60 seconds, what are your predictions for the Biden administration?
  Open borders.
  Massive open borders.
  A complete reinstallation of Obamacare.
  All of Obama's policies are coming back.
  Big tech is going to completely extinguish the right.
  No more free speech in America.
  They're going to start coming for our guns.
  Second Amendment.
  And the debt is going to explode.
  But the economy will be doing better because they'll stop talking about COVID.
  But, so it won't look as bad, but when we sort of blink and have a look, we'll go, oh, we are making more money, but the taxes are going through the roof and this inflation is going to burst and we're going to be broke!
  I agree.
  Massive inflation is here and they're announcing the end of America and the leftist media is celebrating China.
  It's like cutting your legs off and jumping into deep water and celebrating it.
  It's totally insane.
  Why do they hate America?
  Why do they hate themselves?
  We'll be right back.
  Censored.tv is where you find Gavin McGinnis and other great, entertaining, informative
  Pro-human patriots from the left, right, and center.
  And look, I was against the Republicans and Democrats when they were a bunch of warmongers and stuff.
  Trump came along, was a populist, did a lot of great stuff.
  He wasn't perfect.
  He got surrounded.
  But now it's fashionable to bash Trump.
  I'm not doing that.
  We got a big problem in Joe Biden.
  But I'll put a headline out for the live feed of the show today.
  Remember, we are the majority.
  Don't let the globalists gaslight you.
  And Gavin, I think that's what it comes down to.
  They're out of the gate saying, you're all insurrectionists.
  We're going to arrest everybody.
  We're going to arrest Christians, Libertarians.
  He wants to widen the net out, I guess to scare everybody and make us capitulate.
  I think he's bet wrong.
  I think he takes our kindness for weakness.
  It's the opposite.
  It's called restraint.
  How do we point out that, hey, we really did win the election, we have all the numbers, we know the facts, and just let them know that we're not going to bow to this next level of intimidation?
  All their other intimidation hasn't worked.
  I don't think this intimidation will work either.
  Yeah, it's a really strange demographic layout, isn't it?
  There's, say, 50 to 20 percent of this country is radical left.
  AOC.
  They're in office.
  They're judges.
  They're Supreme Court.
  They run the media.
  So they're a very powerful, shrill minority.
  And then they've told the other 30% of leftists to shut up or they're going to be in big trouble.
  So they're just standing back, cowering.
  Now, this group, they've shut up their fellow moderate lefties.
  They've said the other half of the country, what is that?
  160 million people.
  Are Nazis, they're white supremacists, they're dangerous, they have to be arrested, they can't have a voice, they can't have a job!
  And, like, did you hear about Laura Loomer, by the way?
  She was put on a list where she can't have a gun.
  She had a gun at the time, she didn't know she was on the list.
  So she threw the gun away when she found out she was on the list, but she could have been arrested for having that gun.
  So, we're going to silence you, we're going to arrest you with trumped up charges, and it's all going to be under the name of stopping domestic terrorism.
  Now, that can't work.
  You can't vilify 160 million people.
  They managed to vilify, you know, weirdos like you and me, but they can't
  I don't know.
  Pick up OAN and all these other channels that CNN is trying to get cancelled.
  You can't cancel half of the most powerful country in the world.
  Do you agree this is because they're weak they're doing all this?
  They know they stole it.
  They know it's a fraud.
  No one will come to his inauguration.
  I mean it's just it's a paper tiger.
  Yeah it's well that who craves power?
  The weak crave power.
  I don't crave power.
  When I see someone doing well in a Maserati or someone wins the lottery, I high-five them.
  I go, congratulations.
  Oh, you sold your company for a hundred million dollars?
  That's amazing.
  I hope you have a good money guy.
  I hope you're not going to get taxed to death.
  That's how we feel.
  These other people go, I don't, I want that money.
  And it's, it's really revenge of the hurt.
  That's a term I saw recently talking about Hollywood and how it's these sort of sexual deviants who have been ostracized in their little towns.
  And then they finally move to L.A.
  and they can get revenge for feeling weird for all these years.
  Because all the little people from little towns are coming to be stars.
  They can get them on drugs and abuse them.
  And that's why some of these guys are pedophiles because full-size, you know, real women reject them because they're so creepy.
  So they want power over a 10-year-old girl.
  It's sick.
  It's revenge.
  This is all about revenge and power.
  And those aren't noble pursuits.
  That's not a good thing to have in your heart.
  Let's be clear, it's revenge because they have the 1984 DNA.
  They could be black, they could be white, but there is the 1984 DNA, the 666 DNA, versus the Freedom DNA.
  It really is there.
  Revenge is poison.
  And you carry that poison.
  It's a real curse.
  It's satanic, almost.
  Telling all black people that no one likes them, that they live in a racist country, that if they study their asses off and get a degree in accounting, no one will hire them because they're black.
  And if someone gets up when you sit down and moves, it's because they hate you.
  That's a real curse to put on someone.
  That's cruel!
  These are curses and then everybody has chips on their shoulders and then no one can work together and it's the ones actually telling us all this are actually the people that are doing it on purpose.
  That's why they mention libertarians.
  That's why Brennan mentioned libertarians.
  Because it's anti-freedom.
  If I can't control the narrative then other people can go and prosper and I won't be in control of it.
  I want to control everything.
  I want to have them in these little groups.
  It's such a macabre
  Inclination.
  I can't imagine being like that.
  I was talking to a cop the other day and we were talking about the SPLC's hate map and how, you know, if you've seen it before, it looks like a map of McDonald's.
  I mean, they're everywhere.
  And to think of America like that and to think of every little town having these hate centers where people are planning to deny the Holocaust and send blacks back to Africa and murder innocent children, like to feel that way, it's just depraved.
  And what's even crazier about it is the Southern Poverty Law Center has been caught running major terror groups like Oklahoma City and L.A.
  City.
  They've got billions in secret offshore bank accounts and they're tied into German intelligence and others.
  So it's a very sinister anti-American organization that claims it's fighting racism, but evidence shows secretly funding it.
  No, it creates hate.
  You know, when I was a kid, I was a punk rocker in the 80s.
  And there was a thing called the Heritage Foundation, I believe.
  And what happened was Canada was mostly white people, right?
  There wasn't hate.
  It wasn't an issue.
  It didn't come up.
  And it's a brand new country.
  We got our national anthem in like 1972 or something.
  1980, actually.
  The flag, 1970.
  So anyway, there's not this group of hate.
  Everyone's new.
  It's this clean slate country.
  And so they get, I don't know, 90 million to fight hate.
  So this company starts writing these pamphlets going, we need to keep Canada white.
  We need to fight racism and all this stuff.
  And they keep handing them out until young lost souls, men without fathers start going, yeah, that sounds kind of cool.
  I guess that's true.
  And when I was 18, Nazi skinheads were everywhere.
  And it was created by the government with this one program.
  And they do it here all the time.
  Someone gets online, let's go kidnap the governor.
  And eventually you put that to enough people and there's going to be some sad loser who goes, yeah, okay, that might give my life meaning.
  Ah, we caught him.
  We caught another domestic terrorist.
  It's just good.
  We're going to be seeing so many of these bizarre honey pots preying on the week.
  Oh, that's exactly what the Boogaloos are.
  And I'm not saying every member is, but clearly they all break into the Capitol.
  They don't get in trouble.
  But Joe Biggs drinking a beer does.
  I mean, you can see the setup.
  I mean, I told Proud Boys, I said, don't go.
  This is a trap.
  You went on November 4th.
  You got stabbed.
  Ended up hospitalized.
  Bevelyn Beatty had a punctured lung.
  And the media story was, police give Proud Boys preferential treatment.
  December 13th, a guy comes hunting you at Harry's.
  You guys come outside, he stabs four of you.
  The story is, white supremacists surround a poor innocent black man.
  What do you think's gonna happen on January 6th if you go?
  No matter what you do, if you jaywalk, they're gonna spin that.
  Even if you get murdered, they're gonna spin it.
  And they did!
  They did with that woman who was shot by what looks like a Secret Service guy.
  She's an evil person.
  She deserved to be shot.
  Ashley Babbitt.
  It's a trap.
  So much of this stuff is a trap.
  And then, when people don't show up, they just make that the narrative anyway.
  Like, I was talking to my liberal wife about this, and she's like, what about the truth?
  I go, honey, these stories are written before they happen.
  They just stick in the pieces.
  I haven't played this yet, but Frontline has a new piece out on me.
  And they have three videos where I said, don't attack the Capitol, stop, stop.
  They edit that out and have me saying, attack the Capitol, and then edit me in from the beginning when I wasn't even there.
  I mean, this is next level.
  Proud Boys were there.
  Some were there as civilians, but as a group, they said, we're not going.
  If you're there, then you're on your own.
  You're not part of the club.
  It's not a representation of the club.
  And I saw this viral thing, it's got 3.2 million views, and they photoshopped Proud Boys wearing Proud Boys gear at the Capitol, and just made it so.
  It's this guy Dan Winslow, I think.
  He writes fiction for a living, and he's trying to sell this, like, Trump's army is about to kill everyone.
  They need to be arrested.
  Gavin, you gotta come on more than every few months.
  I'm really glad I reached out to you to come on.
  I guess you reached out about the particular video where I was saying if we don't wake up and take action, this is where we're going.
  I wasn't trying to be gloom and doom.
  I think you got, I think you liked it, that I was being, you know, this is how bad it is.
  Yep, and to everyone who's about to experience your life and my life, you've got to keep your head up, and you've got to get over things you can't control, and you've got to understand that the news is going to lie about you, and people are going to try to frame you.
  You've got to lawyer up, and keep your nose to the grindstone.
  That's right, because imagine if we didn't resist the left though.
  They're just, I mean, there's no end.
  They'll just keep going because the next most radical becomes the next radical, and they just, there's no end to it.
  We'd be in camps.
  There's, can you believe everything we talked about's come true?
  Now, remember when we, the fairytasks exposed the Bernie bros saying, look, if you're a Nazi, you got to go away to a camp and learn how to not, not be a Nazi.
  And that sounded eccentric, but it matched your 2012 scoop.
  And now it's becoming normal parlance.
  AOCs, they're probably going to try to glorify them and say, they're actually really nice.
  It's like a resort.
  Yeah, what are you complaining about?
  They're building them all over the world under a UN directive to hold people that don't follow COVID rules now.
  Notice it's not for COVID.
  It's for not following COVID rules.
  Six months ago we got the Canadian document.
  People didn't believe it.
  Now we have video.
  Canada is leading it in the Western world.
  All right, you can find his great work at censored.tv.
  Get Off My Lawn.
  It's his show.
  A lot of great shows there.
  Gavin McGinnis, thank you so much, my friend.
  Thank you, Alex.
  Thanks, Alex.
  God bless you.
  Good to be here with you in the 21st century.
  All right, Steve Quayle, your call's coming up.
  Don't forget, band.video is where you find all of our videos and more.
  And don't forget, Vitamin Mineral Fusion, sold out for months.
  Boost your immune system.
  Multivitamin Mineral Liquid, info4store.com.
  Told you world government was coming.
  Told you the lockdowns were coming.
  Told you forced inoculations were coming.
  Told you putting boys in girls' bathrooms were coming.
  To get rid of every norm, it's the takedown of civilization.
  But I believed in you, and I believed that God working through you, you would stand up against this.
  And you are going to stand up.
  You have been standing up.
  And we've had such big gains against the globalists.
  They pushed back Trump.
  They stole the election.
  Trump was an imperfect vessel.
  We all are.
  We've had some incredible successes together, thanks to God.
  Steve Quayle coming up for the hour and then I'm going to pepper in your calls for all you that are holding patiently on these subjects.
  But please try to address your point or question since you're holding over.
  I appreciate you doing that to Steve Quayle.
  Separately though, let me just spend a minute or two on this because this is really, really important.
  Bill Gates!
  All right.
  in the future is controlling real estate, particularly food production.
  You can just type it in, guys.
  Bill Gates, now largest landowner, farmland owner in the United States.
  That's the headline I'm looking for.
  I'll cover it later.
  We'll just do it later.
  It's no problem.
  But it's just something people need to think about and the types of things they're doing and what they're setting up and what they're developing.
  Yeah, we'll cover it later.
  Just print me a lot of those.
  We'll do it later.
  Those specific ones I wanted and I guess I wasn't specific enough.
  Headline was largest farm owner in the United States.
  You found it.
  It's that one.
  Thanks.
  No big deal.
  What I do is I get too busy or too exhausted after the show to cut ads.
  I was going to cut an ad live on air.
  I do that.
  I was going to publish Horrible Food and then show you those articles, have it all contained.
  Not a big deal.
  It's part of being live on air and then directing the show while I do it.
  It's very frustrating because they just have to magically know what I want, I guess, and get it.
  I kind of rant out orders during the break and then that ends up having a problem.
  They are trying to shut us down and I suggest you go to Prepare with Alex.
  I mean, if you gave us a straight up donation, that would fund freedom and fund the fight and fund the warning system against the globalists.
  But this way, you actually get high quality, storable food at the same time at preparewithalex.com or 888-253-3139.
  And I just want to be clear about this with everybody.
  I just want to be absolutely crystal clear.
  As the globalists unfold their system, as their takeover operation accelerates, it's going to become more unpopular no matter what they do.
  That's why they're saying we want to arrest you if you support freedom or a Christian now.
  I think all the church is totally scared to say whatever they're told.
  I mean, it's the giving in that makes it worse.
  And so as bad as a lot of this news sounds, as bad as all this information can be, as frustrating as it is, remember it's part of a human process we go through.
  That's what's happening.
  All right, back in 60 seconds with Steve Quayle on his view on the world and Biden and what's unfolding and what we're about to see.
  He was on last week, knocked it out of the park.
  I interrupted a lot.
  That pissed off listeners.
  It irritated me when I re-watched the show.
  He just gets me excited and I'm backing up what he's saying, but I'm trying to actually let him talk and let you talk.
  Coming up in the next hour.
  Stay with us.
  We'll be right back.
  And remember, it's a revolutionary act to tell the truth in tyranny.
  As George Orwell said, in the world universal seat,
  Tell them the truth is a revolutionary act, so spread the links of the live show right now, because Steve Quayle, the anti-Q, is coming on!
  Alright, Steve Quayle really shouldn't need any introduction.
  He is our guest.
  He's one of the original founders of the PrEP movement and has been a talk radio host for 30 years or more.
  He was the lone voice 20 years ago, this is an old bio, 30 years ago, saying the Chinese and Russians would ultimately back their purges of the gold.
  He's the author of over 10 books, the most recent Xenogenesis, Turning Men into Monsters, and wrote Breathe No Evil 15 years ago.
  I don't
  We're good to go.
  In a deep dive perspective in a larger context, not a 35,000 foot view, not a point blank view, but actually a subatomic view of the guts of this chaos system that Lucifer is launching and Biden and what he's done out of the gates.
  And you said last week it'll be a purge of Christians and gun owners and nationalists.
  And now the former director of the CIA has said, Brennan, that we need to, quote, root out the Christians and even the libertarians.
  He said, there is no place for you.
  We are going to get you.
  So a huge, over-the-top declaration of total tyranny.
  Just incredible.
  We got the secret document nine years ago that Obama was planning re-education camps.
  Army manual.
  Confirmed to be real.
  People couldn't believe it.
  Now it's on every channel.
  Steve Quayle, God bless and lay it out for us.
  Well Alex, I think one of the things that's really in everyone's face right now is the fact that the warnings that a lot of people I think didn't really take seriously, that 100 million people are destined for destruction, if you're a Christian, if you're a gun owner, constitutionalist, lining up, linking up
  With the infamous Deagle report.
  But what's really critical, I think, is the people that have got to understand the Luciferians, a global elite, those who call Lucifer Lord Lucifer, are in the victory mode.
  They're already taking victory laps.
  I just sent Daria for you.
  Something came into me today, minutes ago, before coming on with you, Alex, about Biden signing an executive order.
  I haven't had time to check it out, but reinstituting guillotines for capital punishment.
  Now, one of the things that when you and I both started, you know, roughly about the same time, I think I was on a little longer than you, but you've obviously gone way more energy, but way in every dimension that I believe God has had your direction pointed to.
  One of the things is, is that the guillotines is a big deal, ladies and gentlemen, because it's a direct fulfillment of the Word of God.
  It is also the preferred choice of
  Luciferian Satanists that take out their enemies.
  Alex, I was given by someone, you know, a clearance beyond what most people even know.
  How many guillotines are placed in different places around the country in FEMA camps to military bases? 256,000.
  That's a lot of guillotines.
  Additionally, the crematoriums that go along with them, they're planning on incarcerating and killing a lot of people.
  Now, a lot of people, that's fear porn, blah, blah, blah.
  I'll see, they say, I'll believe it when they, what, they'll believe it when they see it?
  I tell them, if you're looking up at the blade, your days of making a decision are probably over.
  Your minutes for making a decision.
  So, the supernatural evil is what people have got to understand.
  The Bible made it clear.
  These are the end days.
  We are watching human life being segregated and denigrated.
  By the way, two famous statements.
  I know you covered this in past shows years ago, but even National Security Advisors said by consent or by conquest, you will be going into the New World Order.
  A UN religious leader, I think Spangler, made the statement almost 20 years ago.
  No one will enter into the New World Order without a Luciferic initiation, pledging their allegiance to Lucifer.
  I want to make everyone understand this, that everything in Hellywood, H-E-L-L-Y-W-O-O-D, has been preparing us for the ultimate deception
  The ultimate slaughter.
  And again, men are being promised you'll have eternal life apart from God.
  You'll add machine parts to you and you have the dancing robots on.
  That's not the least of our worries.
  The worries are this, Alex, is that the human race is being
  I would say this, placed into planned extinction and human beings that should know better are going along for the power and prestige.
  Transhumanism, singularity, all of the super soldier programs, humans are being targeted for extinction.
  And the vaccine is a absolute weapon of totalitarian destruction.
  And we are human guinea pigs.
  And even the elements that are composed in some of the vaccines are literally off-world and otherworldly.
  Imagine the worst-case Andromeda strain.
  Yeah.
  Well, I think it's beyond even eugenics.
  It's the extinction.
  of the human race, and it's humans believing that they're going to be given a god-like quality and a god-like rule and reign.
  Look, we're seeing the billionaires, obviously, they're headed off planet.
  You take the top three guys, you know, or three of the top four guys, whether it's Elon Musk, whether it's Richard Branson, whether it's, who, Jeff Bezos, or whoever.
  They're all in a race to get off the planet.
  Why?
  Right.
  Well, because they know the biblical prophecy of what happens to this planet.
  Can I share a neat thing about Mars?
  Mars, and it came out of the Nazis, it came through Dr. Wernher von Braun.
  Dr. Wernher von Braun wrote a book, a fictional book, called The Mars Project.
  Most people don't understand, he was Nazi SS.
  He was also the head of, the first head of NASA, and probably did the most profound writing about the future that a lot of people don't even talk to, or talk about.
  He wrote the book The Mars Project, and it would be different than any government on Earth.
  And the name of the control
  Over the Mars whole community colony, the re-colonization of Mars.
  Guess what?
  It was called the ELON.
  E-L-O-N.
  And in those days, obviously, Wernher von Braun didn't know about
  We're good.
  And Von Braun made the statement, it wasn't that we Nazis were any more smart or smarter than the people in the West, the Allies, it's just we had help from the other side.
  And so the entire world now is seeing what I would call the Final Reich.
  And there are people that have written books on that, you've interviewed some of them.
  But the bottom line is we are in the, in my opinion, we're in the fourth and final Reich.
  Hitler's grandchildren, great-grandchildren, they never disappeared.
  And so, the occult tie, the occult basis of all of advanced technology, and if you will, the super race, just if you know what the ubermensch was, the supermen, Nietzsche, the super race now are going to be genetically altered.
  And mechanically and roboticized human beings.
  And we're going to break, but Klaus Schwab said just last month at a big speech to Globalist, we played it a few days ago, we played clips, he said, he said it in English, he's German, he spoke English, he goes, in the fourth industrial, it will not be the environment we change, it will be you genetically reprogramming your entire body.
  You're going to merge you with it.
  I mean, they're just coming and making us do it.
  And once they set the precedent with this COVID-19, well, what's coming after that, Steve Quayle is our guest.
  We'll talk about, yeah, that's him.
  We're not joking, folks.
  That is this cult of crazy people that believe they're about to be God, and they're mass testing things on us.
  The word is there's thousands of different things they're testing.
  It's not just a vaccine.
  It's a bunch of different tests they're doing on us to see what happens.
  We are back with Steve Quayle.
  I'm your host, Alex Jones.
  And normally I've got hundreds of articles and I do, and I don't go over one more than once, but look at this.
  Even libertarians.
  John Brennan issues a list of ideologies that US intel the military must root out and arrest.
  I mean, this is total declaration of war.
  There should be congressional hearings.
  He should be the one getting arrested.
  Former director of the CIA ran the whole black op against the president.
  Meanwhile, leftists call for secret police to go after Trump supporters.
  It just goes on and on.
  Tucker Carlson says Democratic Party planning a war on half of America, and they're going to get the other half after that.
  This is so incredible.
  And then we've got Joe Biden at the Lincoln Memorial, hours after he signed his executive order, saying you'll be arrested if you're not wearing a mask on federal property, period, with his whole family and Democrats all doing photo ops.
  Look at that.
  There's all the videos of it.
  Again, they all, they fly to Caribbean islands, they don't wear masks, they don't social distance, because it's all a joke on you.
  They admit, Klaus Schwab admits, it's about power, it's about control, it's about saying you're dirty, it's about teaching you that you're a bad person.
  Send this article to everyone you know and fight back and stop complying.
  Okay, back to Steve Quill.
  This is a shorter segment, longer segment coming up.
  Steve, you're giving a big picture.
  That's excellent.
  Your view, though, you already predicted what Biden would do.
  You said he'll announce the purge of Christians.
  He actually did it.
  I mean, I knew they'd do it coming up, but my gosh, they're out of the gates like a mad bull.
  I think it was important that Kamala Harris and others are on record saying within the first hundred days.
  I think it's really critical, Alex, that people take a sobriety test in the lateness of the hour.
  It doesn't get better.
  There's nobody coming to their rescue except the Living God.
  When you've got people that are used to killing babies and eating babies and trafficking in children all over the world and doing some of the most horrible things that I won't even speak about, yet when you have all this going on, if they'll do it to them,
  The Little One's Innocence, what are they gonna do to you?
  You gotta understand, you even made the statement, and I know you understand, that's rhetorical, but you made the statement there would be a ritual slaughter or there would be bloodshed, a satanic sacrifice, and that even took place when the Capitol was supposedly breached?
  And ladies and gentlemen, look at how the media changes all reality.
  They're the ones that are nothing more than the Houdinis from hell, with all due respect to Houdini.
  The bottom line is, is that they're coming.
  They're telling you they're coming.
  They're the same intelligence, the same law enforcement agents that would do nothing about treason, treachery, murder, gun running, child trafficking.
  Every form of perversion known in hell, now on earth, they wouldn't do anything.
  Because guess why?
  They're listening to their leader, Lucifer.
  And by the way, Alex, these people pledged all their entire lives to their Lord, Lucifer.
  And they're bedazzled by the Shining One.
  By the way, Mark Dice was about to be given a national TV show, and they asked him to pledge himself to Lucifer.
  And I've been out in Hollywood, and they point blank told me that's who they worship, and I wouldn't be part of it.
  Yep.
  And again, the thing that's critical is I'm going to be talking about, you know, the entire history of Antarctica.
  I'm going to be on coast to coast tonight.
  And that's a plug because I'm going to talk about the entire Luciferian stronghold beneath the ice.
  You know, I wrote a book called Empire Beneath the Ice.
  Well-researched.
  Other documented guys have done it, too.
  But what's important is this.
  All the eyes of the world are on Antarctica.
  But what's happening in Antarctica with 30,000 earthquakes in one day, 91 volcanoes now coming active.
  If all the Antarctic ice were to melt within one week, you'd see 270 feet of sea rise.
  A lot of coastal cities would be.
  But there's a reason why.
  We've always heard of it, you know, statements like Atlantic, Atlantis rising and everything.
  But there is a reason why the, and people don't understand this, how big is Antarctica?
  It's as big as North America and Mexico combined, the landmass.
  And there's so much going on under the ice, so much going on that even the historical submarine records talked about how the Nazis were able to navigate into some of the most giant caverns.
  And it's the stuff science fiction movies are made of, but there's a lot of stuff.
  I read about this years ago and didn't believe it, so I looked up mainline histories, and by the end of World War II, the UN, the countries all have an agreement.
  No one's even allowed to go into most of it.
  It's all locked down.
  No one circumnavigates it.
  And it's all super, and there's lots of stuff going on there.
  And satellites, when they do get shots, show that there's a lot of areas warmer than it's supposed to be.
  Absolutely.
  And so, you know, someone said, that won't ever happen.
  It won't melt all at once.
  I posted an article last week that the scientists are saying if those volcanoes go in, here's the interesting thing.
  The magma pool under the Antarctic continent is the biggest in the world.
  So imagine this.
  Imagine in the 1500s a Piri Reis map showed Antarctica all free of ice, okay?
  Well, people can argue for whatever reason.
  They argue over everything.
  But the Nazis in the, if you will, what's called New Schwabenland, the empire beneath the ice, still control the world.
  And you know, the technology transfer between, I'm sorry I'm going to have to use the word, but the aliens and the devils and the demons have seduced so much of mankind that now they're getting ready for the Annunciation of Lucifer, which the Bible calls the Antichrist, and people can, they can say, well I don't believe that at all!
  You better,
  Consider this.
  Why are all the biblical events now coming into play?
  Why are they talking about cutting everybody's heads off, which by the way... Why are they now saying that the Pentagon and others are going to declassify in nine months all the UFO stuff?
  Well, they're saying because, and this is important,
  This is the disclosure of the Prometheus Factor, or Panspermia, meaning that the aliens created us.
  I did send Daria, I don't know if she ever showed it to you Alex, the Catholic Church, by Paz Molagno.
  Yeah, it was their whole, if you will, getting the world ready for the alien arrival, okay?
  I think
  I think?
  We're good.
  Clay-like or that marble-like statue to life.
  So now we see that human interaction is being, we're being, look, we're being put into solitary confinement.
  You mentioned the new Biden rule.
  We're being separated from one another.
  We don't even get to enjoy the presence of a smile because our face is masked.
  We don't even get to breathe the fresh air that God has given us.
  We're having to exhale everything that's biological.
  Stay there.
  We're being held.
  When we come back, we're being held hostage and prepared for this great turning and being told, give up your humanity.
  You're about to merge the machines from Klaus Schwab, who is the head scientist, along with Bill Gates, running the whole show.
  It's clear they're doing something big, and I know with their animal hybrids, animal-human hybrids, they are creating things that are not human on this planet.
  The aliens are being created.
  The coronavirus, this COVID-19, is five different viruses together.
  Top scientists confirmed it a year ago.
  We'll go to break.
  We'll come back with Steve Quayle on the other side.
  And he'll continue to lay this out.
  I'll be on Coast to Coast AM with George Norrie very, very soon.
  I need to get back on Coast to Coast AM.
  Last time I was supposed to be on, I fell asleep and was bad.
  All right, I'm going to cut right in here.
  Pass the bumper music as time is of the essence.
  We got Steve Quayle, author, researcher, one of the first big survivalists on with us.
  And I tell you, to read his stuff 30 years ago, 25 years ago, I thought it was a little over the top, but he was a good guy.
  Now so much of it's come true, and the globalists themselves aren't atheists.
  They believe aliens created life here, and they believe they're getting advanced knowledge when they take DMT interdimensionally, this, you know, divine inspiration or satanic inspiration.
  That's why the Nazis, if you study them in mainline history, it's PhD level stuff, but it's in mainline wartime reports.
  We're doing rituals, we're taking drugs, and we're trying to get divine knowledge of how to build super weapons.
  And you see how that ended up for them.
  So this is definitely something that was going on, how deep it went, how much they did, how much of it they got done.
  Remains to be seen.
  But they had underground bases all over Europe.
  They did set up bases in Antarctica.
  People say that stuff was still ongoing.
  But regardless, the eugenics global system that set up Hitler was even bigger than Hitler.
  It is involved in underground bases all over the world and in the hidden.
  And it set up all sorts of systems.
  So looking at that in a larger picture and the occult and what's happening versus what we see in the Bible, it all meshes up, doesn't it?
  Well, it all matches up in the big picture.
  And when, before we went to break, you were talking about turning men into monsters and all the biological experiments.
  Ladies and gentlemen.
  The vaccine.
  Get that word out of your mind.
  This is an absolute biological ongoing mutation program to destroy human DNA.
  You know, a lot of people don't understand the basics and this, you know, I don't care if an atheist or an agnostic doesn't like this, but the bottom line is the reason why Noah and his family were spared in the ark
  And I won't argue universal flaw, there are people that don't.
  But blah, the bottom line is this, is they were the only ones that weren't corrupted by the genetic mutation of the fallen angels.
  And Alex, as you know, I've been spending my life pretty much, you know, either going there or dealing with researchers and anthropologists and archaeologists all over the world.
  But the bottom line is, is that the vaccination initiative is nothing more than the
  end of mankind to destroy mankind to bring in the replacements for it which would be a hybridized
  Once former human.
  And this is why it's critical.
  You don't use enzymes with the name Luciferase.
  You don't use a telescope named the Lucifer Telescope on Mount Graham.
  And that post, that picture you posted when I sent you that report, you know, that's by the Catholic Church.
  And those guys are all PhDs.
  But they also are preparing the world for the next six months.
  It's going to be more, more dangerous at any time in history.
  Now,
  So this is a genetic invasion, this isn't a genetic war.
  Genetic annihilation, okay?
  Bill Gates, vaccine ingredient says it all, an enzyme called luciferase.
  This is what people have got to understand.
  Even in definitions, even in acronyms, even in anagrams, they are allowing their luciferians worldwide to know that
  Get ready.
  And the thing that is troubling to me... Wait, wait.
  You saw his bill.
  I mean, his U.S.
  code number for the patent for the implantable microchip to track you when you've been injected.
  But also, it's a blockchain system, so you're a robot.
  You follow his orders, you get money.
  That is patent number 606060.
  Right.
  And here's the thing.
  The bottom line that everybody has got is 060606.
  And what I think people have got to understand this, there is a language of the Luciferians.
  The Luciferians are using, whenever you see 33 people dead, or 33 this, 33 that, they're basically saying, and here's what I want to make clear,
  The United States stood by, Christendom stood by, for the slaughter of 100 million of what would have been your little brothers, my little sisters, in humanity, and destroyed them.
  And now, Alex, I can tell you this, there is a 100 million
  Hitler is composed of Christians and Constitutionals and everything else that they're going for.
  And look at it eye for an eye.
  We didn't speak up for the slaughter of a hundred million.
  No one will speak up for the planned slaughter of a hundred million of us.
  And I'm telling you this, ladies and gentlemen, their time frame isn't years.
  And so my answer is to everything.
  It's repent.
  That means God, forgive me, forgive my country sins.
  People look to Donald Trump.
  To be their deliverer.
  People are always looking for you, okay, or for me, or for us, to fight their battles.
  But this is what you've been trying to do.
  I've been trying to do.
  You've got to incorporate your efforts.
  You've got to take the message.
  You've got to fight for your families.
  The book of Nehemiah in the Old Testament.
  Fight for your sons.
  Fight for your daughters.
  Fight for your wives.
  And look, here's the thing.
  I can hold a Bible, and listen,
  I'm grateful for four years we've got a President Trump.
  But here's the thing, too.
  We need to have counsel we need to hear, not what we want to hear.
  And I think that, if I were to describe, you know, the issues, I've never seen more, if you will, ill-fated advisors, and even contemporary ones.
  And you have better insight to this, but what happened to General Flynn?
  What happened to Sidney Powell?
  How is it they get ten minutes and they can save his presidency?
  Yet, all of those who are closest to him, who are doing everything they can to undermine him behind his back.
  You know, here's the thing.
  Public perception, the same public that will say, what a great guy on Friday, will say, crucify him on Sunday.
  It's just like Jesus.
  When you give people what you know they want,
  Then you're their favorite person.
  When you begin to cut across what they think or what they want, then they gotta take you out, brother.
  And you and I both know this, that the Luciferian plan is to destroy
  Right now, whatever the world population is, but 90% of the world population, you've quoted their quotes all the years you've been on talk radio and on TV.
  And by the way, you know they only say 90, because the percentage that's taking part of it thinks they're going to be safe too.
  The real plan is get rid of all humans.
  Absolutely.
  And that's why I call it Annihilation of the Human Race.
  You know, again, Alex, you guys carry this.
  Oh yeah, show some of those books.
  I carry one of these.
  Yeah, you carry this too.
  Terminated.
  It's the end of man is here.
  This is the last book I wrote.
  And it's the last I'm gonna write.
  And the bottom line is that the headstones say, here lies the human race who failed to recognize their end when it stared them in the face.
  Okay?
  Powerful book.
  Terminated.
  There's another book I carry here.
  Show us that one.
  Yeah, this one is the one that's really important.
  This is written, by the way, Daniel Holdings, who's the author of this book, Midnight Strikes, Judgment Unleashed.
  We just talked to your order department a minute ago on the phone.
  But Daniel Holdings was the only one who was saying Biden's gonna win, Trump's gonna be defeated.
  I had him on my show.
  He's in writing.
  He told everybody that months and months before.
  And so, you know, this is really important.
  Because it talks about everything.
  Midnight Strikes.
  We're at the midnight hour.
  And Judgment Unleashed.
  There's only one way to offset the judgment of Almighty God on a God-rejecting, Lucifer-embracing, blood-sacrificing Tomolak.
  You were one of the first guys that even, you know, knew what the club was about.
  Empire Beneath the Eyes.
  That's what I'm going to be talking about tonight.
  But I'm going to tell you what.
  Buzz Aldrin went down to Antarctica.
  What he saw that caused him to have a shutdown, almost a heart attack,
  Links and syncs up with Admiral Byrd of, you know, almost 70, 80 years before that.
  Let's show Buzz Aldrin.
  I know Buzz.
  He came on the show once and we hooked up once in LA.
  And he told me, he said, look, the aliens are real.
  They have bases on Mars.
  There's an obelisk like 2001 on the one moon of Mars.
  And he was telling me all this stuff.
  And he came on my show and said some of that stuff that he didn't say anywhere else.
  Totally wild.
  Why does he say we are all in danger, it is evil itself, showing I guess basically an artificial looking mountain in Antarctica?
  Well right, but what he saw that caused him to have the incident was a fact of basically a pyramid that was like a shiny metal on the outside and then one of the huge base ships, and I'll read his exact quote.
  Now look at that, that's not, that's not, that's not natural.
  No, but that's not.
  But what he saw, Alex, was the same spaceship that he had seen.
  I'm talking a spaceship, alien spaceship that he had seen on the moon.
  OK.
  And so, you know, I, boy, what a blessing you got to meet with him.
  But I'll be talking about that.
  I'll be reading some of the exact things that happened.
  Remember this, the Luciferian cover up is the greatest
  Greatest, how you say this, magician's trick until they're ready to bring Lucifer on.
  And these people are all wanting to bring Lucifer on.
  He demands children's blood, just like the Bohemian Ghost.
  The Bible's clear.
  It's an alien force on the planet that wants to hurt our children, and that's what they do.
  We'll be right back.
  And we are back with Steve Quayle.
  I'll host a little bit in the next hour with Jay Dyer on the latest developments that have been announced on the Great Reset, which is meant to implode the world economy and then build back better in the image of world government.
  Meanwhile, anti-Trump oversight board to determine whether Trump will regain access to the internet.
  These new big tech have the new special boards.
  Because it says it's just Facebook, but they're actually looking at every facet of the 90 plus places he was banned, and now they're trying to shut down all the alternatives where he could go.
  Coordinated criminal monopoly.
  All right, Steve Quayle, getting back to Buzz Aldrin since you mentioned him.
  His assistant was a fan.
  I guess he was a fan.
  Got him on the show.
  He said stuff he never told anybody else about Egypt and Mars and monoliths in 2001.
  And I was kind of halfway laughing during it, not realizing he was really giving me something big, because he respected me.
  And then he said, well, you weren't disrespectful, but you still brought up, was it my moon landing?
  And he goes, I'm not coming back on.
  And that was that.
  But then I knew him through some folks in Hollywood, talked to him on the phone, then once went and had dinner with him and a Hollywood individual at a steakhouse.
  But over the phone, he told me the wildest stuff in like an hour-long conversation when I was at this Hollywood person's friend's house.
  And he said, he goes, Alex, if you think I'm making up this alien stuff for any of that, he goes, I can't tell you all the classified stuff, obviously, but obviously, you know, we had a bigger space program and there were more people lost.
  You figured that out.
  But he said, in a year they're going to announce, that then in about six months after that, that India is going to crash a probe into...
  I don't think so.
  Well, first of all, the bottom line is he is, in my opinion, a true hero, and I thank God that he's kept him alive this long.
  The secret space program, the Martian bases, yes, we have them.
  The moon bases, yes, we have them.
  The ability to jump space, yes, we have it.
  Ben Rich, head of the Skunk Works,
  He talked openly at his farewell dinner about, you know, anything you can imagine.
  His words, and they tried to say, well, he never said that.
  But Buzz Aldrin's telling the world what's coming.
  And the thing that I'm told, and I'll be, you know, saying, Alex, everything he told you, I can tell you this.
  I've known five people.
  In the intelligence, in generals, I mean general generals, and black ops, in the CIA, and in one of the guys that literally, his job was to basically head to Mars and he was in charge of Mars security.
  He's passed away.
  So the idea that people still think of conventional Apollo rockets or Saturn rockets, that was all a distraction.
  Even, even to the point that Dr. Wernher von Braun told his secretary about being able to go to Altair 4.
  Interesting choice, because in Altair 4, you'd have to travel faster than the speed of light to get there and then get back for lunch, and I'm not making this up.
  The amount of data out there, by the way, the word Cairo, for those of you who, like in Cairo, Egypt, that means literally the encampment of Mars.
  Majestic 12, that's true.
  Ladies and gentlemen, I knew, and whether you believe me or not, I knew the former head of the good guys.
  Majestic 12 is split up into the magicians, the bad guys, and the magi, the good guys.
  Again, the idea, you know, and here's what Jesus said.
  Jesus is talking to his Christians, the followers.
  If I've told you earthly things, you believe me not, how can I tell you heavenly things?
  And Alex, we're telling people earthly things that are getting ready.
  They're coming for us.
  They want human extinction.
  When the aliens appear, it'll be like the bad episode of Twilight, a Twilight Zone to serve mankind.
  They want a replacement creation.
  In the image and likeness of Lucifer, with the last vestiges of humanity, and any God-given animals, everything that God created and saw that was good, they're out to destroy.
  It's a total genetic rewrite.
  So, we already have human-animal clones for 50 years, all the stuff's going on, they have suppressed it.
  I'm not saying you're wrong to speculate on that, I'm not saying you're incorrect.
  All I'm saying is...
  Is that clearly the globalists want a post-human world.
  Clearly they're making all these announcements.
  Clearly they're targeting our children.
  Clearly they're putting up the 5G.
  Everything they do is to destroy us.
  And that's how you conquer something is you basically rape it, you overwrite it, you turn it into you.
  Like the movie The Thing, basically.
  Absolutely.
  And by the way, there is 6G being proposed by a group of scientists in Finland, and for the record, they call it the Genesis 6 project.
  Genesis 6, the Bible, the sons of God, the fallen angels came to Earth, had sex with the women, and produced basically a race of what became the mighty men of old, the mighty men of renown.
  And again, Alex, now look at sexbots, okay?
  I want people to understand this.
  That's not something new.
  That's something out of Greek mythology.
  That's something that the, quote, Greek little g's, gods, made.
  They gave life to the image of the beast.
  But we're being launched into that right now in the world.
  So the entire, let's say this, here we go.
  Everything that God has created is being destroyed.
  The sex dolls, and here's what I want people to understand, the sex dolls and all their tactical senses and what they can and can't do, that's nothing.
  But when the demons, a disembodied spirit, possesses them and is able to give life unto the beast, when I say this, those aren't created by God, and look at the women, the women are alienated.
  Just even the women's movement is alienating men and, you know,
  People are going to sex spots.
  Japan!
  There are so many... Well, let's go further.
  They're getting ready with the sex spots for the replicants.
  That's what they've really already developed.
  What they've got is they want to be able to corporately create a creature that's owned by a corporation, and they're now saying it'll still have rights, but the corporation will direct it and control it.
  Right.
  And, you know, I think I'd be really weary of a beautiful android putting the squeeze on you, especially when they got strength, you know, what, the strength of ten men.
  See, what I'm trying to say is there's nothing new.
  All things old.
  Solomon, the wisest man that's ever lived, basically said there's nothing new under the sun for that which will be has already been.
  And so, again, what's fascinating to me is the fact that even the dancing robots, the
  Things we're talking about now, Alex, we're trying to bring people forward into what is being planned for us, but it's not only planned.
  I guess I want to change my word there.
  It's now being implemented against us.
  If you're being forced through coercion that unless you take the vaccine, and it's not even a vaccine, you are going to basically not be allowed to buy anything to eat, not be allowed to have any job, pay your taxes, you're going to be a non-person.
  And as you become a non-person,
  All of your rights, all of your privileges are going to be taken away from you until ultimately they take your life away from you.
  And that's what, that's why, that's why, and I saw your heading on one of your shows last week goes on with you, but final broadcast?
  I don't think people understand what the word final broadcast means.
  Because that which we've been allowed to speak, free speech has been executed, ladies and gentlemen.
  And as free speech is executed, then, ladies and gentlemen, those who tell the free speech, they're next.
  So we are at the point right now where we're a vanishing species.
  And the only thing I know, the only thing I know is people can get their heart right with Jesus, repent, and then believe God to do supernatural miracles, because the left, the eluciferians, they're calling on Satan to give them all their power, and that's how they were able to subjugate this great country of ours.
  And I would say this, most of President Trump's advisors in the spiritual realm,
  They wouldn't even understand, the majority of them, unless they were on the other side, what you and I are talking about today.
  Well, that's right.
  Even NASA and the Pentagon and MIT came out last week and said, OK, a decade ago, we tracked the dark matter.
  We know what it is.
  It's another dimension, five times more powerful than ours, controlling this one.
  And so the trick is, none of them are agnostics.
  None of them are atheists.
  They all know something else is there.
  And that's why there's an energy.
  They call on that energy and we have free will.
  It's like opening a gate.
  We have free energy.
  We have free will.
  We have to call on God.
  Steve Quayle, SteveQuayle.com.
  All your great books and materials are there.
  I'll be looking forward to you on Coast to Coast AM tonight.
  Thank you so much for the time in the 21st century.
  Thank you, Alex.
  We covered a whole lot of history.
  That's right, and I shut up a little bit more, but I did talk some.
  It was interesting.
  All right, there goes Steve Quayle.
  Very interesting to get you thinking.
  Definitely the globalists believe what he's saying.
  They just are for it.
  Now, you can say, well, are they really going to do all this?
  I don't know how much of it is actually going on, how much is theoretical, what they want to do.
  But I know, I'm not even going to tell you what I've been told.
  I mean, I've met with some high level people that met with Trump, and they were openly talking about 3D printers already on the dark side of the moon, right across the light line.
  There's a lot cheaper to watch to Mars from there and all sorts of stuff being built.
  The big thing is they're doing a lot with robots and then they want it to be manned and but there's a lot of stuff going on definitely that we don't know about.
  We just got to stay on air as long as possible.
  So please every day we're on air is precious and blessed.
  Very thankful to all the listeners.
  Sorry to get some of the callers.
  Some disrespect.
  We just got out of time.
  Please spread the word about the broadcast.
  Please spread the word about the New World Order that we're fighting.
  And please financially support us by getting great products you need.
  Boost your immune system with our high-quality liquid multivitamin mineral with amino acids, back in stock.
  Vitamin Mineral Fusion, Fruit Punch at InfowarStore.com.
  And the big sale, that'll go on until it sells out for a few weeks.
  The big sale and all those other products has to end here in just a few days.
  All right, we'll be right back with Jay Dyer.
  All right, Jay Dyer is an author, comedian, and TV presenter known for his deep analysis of Hollywood geopolitics and culture.
  His graduate work focused on psychological warfare in film.
  He's the author of two books, Esoteric Hollywood, one, and the co-creator of the co-host television show, Hollywood Decoded.
  He has been featured on numerous popular shows and podcasts and debates with some of the world's top debaters, jaysanalysis.com.
  Jay Dyer is with us.
  I'm only going to be here for this segment, a little bit of the next, because I wanted to just talk to him a little bit.
  This is a short segment.
  Some stations don't carry this got a compilation coming up with some of the latest build back better.
  That's the response to the crisis.
  They create with the global lockdown and the Great Reset, but Jay, let's give it the trillion foot view here.
  I don't go around saying aliens are real.
  I just look at the attack on humanity and everything they do as alien to make us turn against our own instincts and what's good for us.
  And how they tell us humans are bad, now we need to be depopulated.
  And I see how they're trying to build new alien life forms.
  Through the genetic engineering that are not of this world that are being made by what computers create and then artificially put together.
  That's the same as aliens sending us the genetic code to something that we then build here.
  We've built the alien.
  It doesn't need to be teleported here.
  It's somehow interdimensionally or through radio waves we're given the code and then we build it here.
  So regardless, you'd have to be a fool to say that this isn't an anti-human revolution.
  What is your view on that?
  Yeah, let's look to somebody like Tim Leary to really kind of solidify what you just said.
  I just finished one of the Leary books I'd not read, which was his book on the Tibetan Book of the Dead and his analogy between the experience of the soul, right, in the afterlife to the LSD trip.
  And there's multiple chapters where Leary says that what you're going to experience is basically the same thing the shamans of the ancient world experienced
  The indigenous tribes, right?
  They're experiencing the gods, which are the same as these entities, as these beings, these clockwork elves, right?
  That, you know, we hear Terrence McKenna talking about the clockwork elves, right?
  That's what Timothy Leary is saying is going to be the experience.
  And so it is.
  He even calls it at one point, alien.
  And he says, when you interact with these entities, one thing that may happen is that they will show you kind of dystopian worlds, hell worlds, hellscapes, and all this kind of stuff.
  In the LSD trip.
  And so again, and there's many of these, you know, John C. Lilly, many of these characters relate the same experience of interacting with these entities.
  And so that to me is the best explanation of what the quote aliens are, is interdimensional dark spiritual forces who, by the way, Klaus Schwab, right?
  Four years ago, he put out that two minute viral video on Twitter that said that in the next 10, 15 years,
  One of the things that the World Economic Forum projects is the contact with alien entities in life, and it's all part of that global agenda to bring in this global technocratic order.
  So they say it over and over and over, even in their public writings.
  And they've been holding this back for thousands of years, that the shaman, the Egyptians, the Greeks were interfacing with this.
  And the best breakdown I get is, is advanced civilizations and above that, God doesn't get involved in your free will, but only low-level, really nasty thugs and the scum of the universe will get involved.
  And that's why when we follow them, when they're really lower than us, we end up building nightmares because that's what they build, because they go against free will.
  Yeah, the same message.
  Go watch people's videos on YouTube, all of the DMT trips.
  Almost everybody has a unified experience.
  They may see different things, but the entities tell them
  We gotta have a global government.
  Humans are a cancer on the planet.
  They're messing up Gaia.
  We gotta get rid of them.
  We gotta depopulate.
  And only when you do that, right?
  What's the mythology of Star Trek?
  Only when you have scientism as your religion will there be a global federation.
  Will there be an intergalactic United Nations where everybody's happy?
  And when they say we believe in science, it means they believe in the exterminism, the anti-human transmission.
  Absolutely.
  Yeah, and by the way, the Bolshevism that you mentioned in a couple clips I heard you talk about, that's a great analogy for what we're seeing.
  There's so many parallels to what the Bolsheviks did in their operations.
  Not just Q, but even to the point of recruiting a cultist.
  The Bolsheviks would use a cultist.
  One of their top intelligence guys recruited all these different cults to promote toxic, degenerate culture.
  Let's explain that.
  When we come back with Jay Dyer in the
  Connection to what's currently happening and beyond.
  And I am handing the baton to Jay Dyer.
  Elon Musk says, beware those that pray to AI gods.
  But the AI is just a synthetic of the interface to the rest of the dimensions, which the mathematics and the high intensity antennas have now documented.
  They can read a force field five times more powerful than our current third dimension holding us in place.
  And they even now talk about, remember the head of Bank of America like five years ago said, we're enslaved for this dimension.
  We've got to blast our way out.
  I mean, it all just goes back to what we hear about Lucifer and God and the devil and
  We're told all this by the ancients and we keep seeing it repeat, repeat, repeat.
  Is it because we've experienced it before and it's implanted in our genetics?
  Or is it really a warning from God in the future to us in the past now living it?
  I think it's really both because Christ said, as we quoted earlier with Steve Quayle, if you're not going to believe the things I'm telling you about the world, how about believing the things I tell you about the heavens?
  And so we think of the planet as everything.
  We can fly around it in about 25 hours.
  So it's, there's a lot going on.
  There's a lot of disinfo surrounding it.
  A lot of BS, but, uh, uh, Jadar to understand the great reset to understand what we're going into.
  And.
  Klaus Schwab, you talk so much about Davos group saying we're going to change you in the fourth revolution, your genetics, not the world.
  That means we're getting rid of you.
  We're not having you do something different in the world.
  We're taking away your birthright.
  We're overriding you.
  Here's a compilation of the recently talking about what comes out of their great reset is their build back better.
  And you'll talk about what that is.
  It's a very pertinent question to ask, how do we build back better?
  To build back better or whatever.
  We have a chance to reset the clock and build back better than before.
  To build back better than before.
  Remember the terrible damage of COVID as we try to build back from this global pandemic.
  Joe Biden calls it build back better.
  Build back better.
  Building back better.
  To do things differently.
  To build back better.
  We're gonna build it back better.
  And build it back better.
  My plan to build back better.
  Start taking all the problems that have been created in education, mental health, and start to build back in a positive way.
  I have launched a booklet called Build Back Better.
  Written after coronavirus.
  It's about building this country back.
  So they destroy it.
  A growing conspiracy following it.
  It is called the Great Reset.
  An unprecedented opportunity to rethink and reset the ways in which we live.
  The Great Opportunity for Reset.
  The theory even calls Mr. Biden's campaign slogan, Build Back Better, a front for the conspiracy.
  Build back better.
  Building back better our economy.
  Build.
  Back.
  Better.
  All elements of the Great Reset are fundamental to building the future we need.
  This pandemic has provided an opportunity for a reset.
  It's a big effort.
  So when you hear
  Great reset, it means shut the world economy while the big bank corporations double their profits and you go bankrupt.
  And when they build back better, it's forced inoculations, checkpoints, COVID, forced shots, mass death, killing old people with the vaccines, which is now being announced.
  It's literal hell on earth.
  And so they went through the big corporate, explain who this consortium is and how do you think it's going for them one year in to the launch of their takedown of civilization?
  The Consortium is a global confederation of banks, of Fortune 100, of old nobility families, all kind of working together with a plethora army of think tanks that sort of
  Plan this stuff and they plan the future.
  Even if you look at entities like rain Corporation Brookings Institute, that's like the brains and then you've got the kind of the money that the old money power behind this and they believe in a austerity plan, right?
  Remember many years ago 10 years ago, right after the housing bubble collapsed.
  A lot of people were talking about a planned collapse that this was intentional, right?
  There were books written by people like John Perkins, you know, economic hit, convention of an economic hit man that dealt with how you implode economies.
  You've covered the Greg Palast piece of, you know, back all the way to 2003 or four, where he talked about the four stage, five stage IMF plan of how you wreck economies and then buy them out when they're basically everything is a fire sale, right?
  Now what they're doing is that same model on a global scale,
  to
  Then they just start making it worse once we're bankrupt and start making us have a universal income to dictate forced inoculations, one-child policies.
  I mean, things just get worse.
  You give into this, it just gets worse.
  Right.
  It's the same model, as you know, when the OSS went in and set up Miles Gorillaz, right?
  Bill Donovan, the beginning of the OSS, he goes in and he sets up that spy network for
  I don't know.
  Yeah, because it was a perfect model and engine to transport the
  Uh, industrial base out of the West and into Eurasia.
  And, in fact, Bertrand Russell, a long time ago, talked about this.
  He said that Eurasia could be the future.
  The Royal Society, many, many years ago, had planned all this out from that Heartland Theory perspective.
  If you control Eurasia, you can shift the globe.
  And that was the British Empire's old model of how to do geopolitics, right?
  The Mackinder-Heartland Theory.
  Because they'd been controlling people through India and China before.
  They were just continuing that model.
  Exactly.
  And so now that model of what they would do in the great game is what they're doing globally.
  Once you understand that, it all makes perfect sense.
  That's why they want to wreck the economies.
  They want to toxify the culture.
  They want to make you completely dependent on not just a
  You know, Big Daddy Uncle Sam government, but on a global federation government that will be run by... And Trump was only allowed to get in because China had gotten a little uppity it wasn't following orders to show them what the globals could do.
  Once they kind of got under globalist control, then they removed Trump.
  That was all Trump was used as kind of brake pads on the Chinese.
  That was about it.
  Yeah, and I think it was great that he, you know, undercut the power of the media.
  The media is one of the main ways that the elite have the stranglehold on this country.
  I mean, they've been able to do what Bertrand Russell said, make people believe that snow is black, just if they say so.
  Make people love their servitude.
  Right, yeah, that's what Huxley talked about.
  He said that the final revolution would be this anti-human revolution, that they would use big pharma, pharmacology, right, to pharma-chia, to basically put a sorcerer's spell on everybody.
  So that they would be, you know, doped and we're kind of getting what we got, what the British Empire gave to the Chinese, right?
  The mass drugging through Big Pharma and through illegal drugs.
  If you've never heard the Dr. Day tapes, those are a great example of how back in the late 60s, the Rockefeller medical establishment had planned not just to control everybody through pharmaceuticals, but also through promoting mass illegal drug use, right?
  So it's a pressure from above, pressure from below model.
  We're good to go.
  Reality drops coming up straight ahead at Bandai Video, Infowars.com.
  Then the War Room, Owen Troyer, 3 p.m.
  Central.
  All right.
  Jay Dyer's coming up.
  I'm Alex Jones signing off.
  Welcome back to the Alex Jones Show.
  I'm your guest host, Jay Dyer.
  You know, I wanted to talk about a book that you've probably heard of, but a lot of people haven't read.
  It's called The Communist Manifesto by a little-known figure named Karl Marx and his buddy Fred Engels.
  And at a certain point in the book, they lay out a ten-point plan.
  And I want you to listen and see if you think any of these sound kind of familiar.
  The first plan was the abolition of private property.
  And that all of this private property would go into the hands of a centralized and controlling state.
  And this would include land, right?
  Obviously not just the possessions, but your inheritance, right?
  This kind of stuff.
  Number two would be a heavy progressive graduated income tax.
  I know that if you own a business, as many of us do, you know that you pay a lot of taxes, right?
  That seems to be the case.
  So we got two check marks here.
  Number three,
  Abolition of all rights of inheritance, as I mentioned, obviously that goes along with point number one about private property.
  Four, certification of the property of all immigrants and rebels, excuse me, confiscations.
  So anybody who goes against, you get your bank account, you get your property seized.
  Is that happening?
  Maybe not property yet, but that's on its way.
  And then by extension, yes, the other stuff, the economic elements would count as that.
  Number five, centralization of all credit in the hands of a state by the means of a state or national bank and a capital with an exclusive monopoly on this power.
  Now, if you know the history of, you know, American attempts to limit the government, right, this is the complete opposite of what the U.S.
  and some of the, you know, founding fathers who staked their whole approach to government by trying to limit the banks, right?
  Andrew Jackson is famous for this and fighting the banks.
  And so, the Marxist approach is the very opposite of that, which is to attempt to have a completely command and control economy where people don't have the freedom to, you know, do exchange, the freedom to create their own currencies like Bitcoin or something like that.
  All that has to be controlled and stamped out.
  Gold, for example, has to be confiscated.
  And so, so far, for the first five, we're completely there, right?
  Number six, the centralization of the means of communication and transport
  Yeah.
  The logistics, right, is eventually probably going to be put underneath some kind of technocratic, and it doesn't have to be state.
  Remember, what I'm going to kind of throw as a bit of a curveball at you is that you may think this is all under, you know, Uncle Sam.
  It's not just Uncle Sam, right?
  It's a public-private partnership that we're going under, and that's why it's even more dangerous, and it's not.
  It's the model of Marxism.
  But it's Marxism that's done by corporations.
  Big fortune 100.
  That's what I'm talking about here.
  Corporate communism.
  Now, some people say, well, that's fascism, but it's not exactly the same as fascism because this kind of implements elements of all three 20th century systems, right?
  Capitalism, democracy, free market.
  As well as the communists, as well as the socialists and the fascists.
  So all of these four or five systems are going to be kind of melded into one worst of each, basically.
  Just look at it like they're taking the worst of each of these systems, putting it into one big ball and or one big fist and basically bopping you on the head with it.
  Profiscation of, excuse me, number seven, the extension of factories and instruments of production owned by the state
  To bring in the cultivation of wastelands and the improvement of soil.
  So basically the control of farmlands, right?
  This is talking about soil and Agra being controlled by a centralized power.
  Number eight, and that's happening.
  Obviously, if you know any farmers, they'll tell you about this kind of stuff happening in the last several decades.
  Equal liability of all to labor.
  So you don't have the right if you own a business to hire who you want.
  There's this enforced workers sort of
  You know, affirmative action type of thing, right?
  Now this, at this time, when Marx was writing this, it was all about class warfare.
  And we're moving out of just class warfare into these invented kind of gender warfare and identity warfare.
  These are just extensions of this kind of class warfare to other types of, you know, special groups, so to speak.
  Then it says,
  Combination of agriculture and manufacturing industries being controlled, he's saying, and a gradual abolition of the distinction between town and country.
  Now this is the early elements of technocracy in Marx.
  A lot of people don't know that Marx was a technocrat.
  He thought that eventually technology would give rise to the withering away of the need for there to be a state.
  Again, I know that may come as a surprise, but the original Marxist view was for the final stage of
  of communism, when it got to its full flourish stage, Marx thought that you would have total freedom.
  Right?
  Now, I don't think that he really believed that, right?
  I think that's the selling point, right?
  The selling point is, hey, if you just let us bring in this communal utopia, you'll get total freedom, I promise.
  Just trust us, right?
  Just let us have control of everything, and we'll give you this utopia.
  And that's why the original Marxist plan projected that
  A stateless utopia, right?
  Marx has some famous statement about when the utopia comes, he hopes you'll just be able to wake up in the morning and you won't have to worry about work.
  You'll decide to go fishing or paint a picture, whatever you want to do that day, right?
  So there was this original libertarian freedom element to the final stage of Marxism in the original Marx.
  Now, later Marxists differed from that.
  You have what's called Frankfurt School Marxism.
  You've got Soviet Bloc Marxism.
  There's different flavors of Marxism after this, but the original plan was sold as a way to create a free, quote-unquote, utopia.
  Now, remember, this free utopia includes no private property in the sense that, do you really have a husband and a wife and kids?
  No, they're the property of the state.
  Now you can see why the Marxists like the idea of wife swapping, sharing wives, and eyes wide shut style right parties, right?
  They like the degeneracy because it sort of, in their view, frees people from the taboos and strictures that are, according to them, social constructs, right?
  Marriage is not a thing that God gave.
  The moral law is not a thing that God gave.
  That's all just a social construct that
  When you promote degeneracy, you break people's binding taboos and identity that they find in religion, in their tradition, and so forth.
  And now they're just kind of putty that you can mold, right, by the state or the centralized corporate state.
  The next one that he mentioned is the—well, by the way, the reason I was talking about technocracy was the blending of town and country, meaning that you don't have a refuge.
  We're good to go.
  Way ahead of their time.
  Smart cities where to live there will require you to kind of give up a lot of freedoms.
  Perhaps you might even have to be sterilized eventually, right?
  Oh, we'll give you a UBI.
  You can come live in, you know, the Google bubble city, but you gotta get sterilized, right?
  This kind of stuff is what we can expand.
  Last of all, free education promoted by the state for all and for all children.
  That's mandatory.
  So it's free, but it's mandatory, right?
  And that's to brainwash everybody into the socialized system.
  When we get back, I'll talk about some of the founders of American education, Horace Mann, John Dewey, who enforced that very thing.
  We get back.
  Welcome back to the Alex Jones Show!
  I'm your guest host, Jay Dyer of Jay's Analysis.
  By the way, if you're interested in technocracy, I have two books and they have extensive sections and chapters on technocracy.
  In fact, I wrote a whole book on the way Hollywood tells us ahead of time about transhumanism.
  What's coming in this technocratic era, you can get signed copies of my book at jaysanalysis.com.
  What I was just discussing was this last plank in the Communist Manifesto, which is about free enforced
  State education for all.
  And that's what we've seen Common Core, right?
  This kind of stuff going all the way back to the founders of American public education, John Dewey, Horace Mann, who were themselves socialists who believe in the socializing of individuals, not in the educating of individuals.
  They literally wrote about that.
  There's entire books written by these people about the utopian ideals of creating a socialized education system that would condition people through operant Pavlovian conditioning.
  Thank you so much.
  Libertarianism is the good guys because they're against the state, and the state is the bad guys, and you know, they're trying to enforce this control system, and the corporation's therefore good, state therefore bad.
  And what I'm trying to tell you is that it's worse than that, unfortunately, right?
  That might have been the case at one point in time, maybe 100, 150 years ago.
  Now we're in a situation where
  The banks, the state, the Fortune 100 are the same entity, right?
  And if you read Quigley, he calls this monopoly capitalism.
  He says monopoly capitalism rose out of the big cartels and the big banking families of finance capitalism to take over basically large portions of not just the Western economies, but the global economy and global market.
  Now, they don't run everything, but they have the upper hand when it comes to the world.
  And if you doubt that, just look at the last five years.
  And the policies that the Fortune 100 have imposed across the world.
  Why does almost every country muzzle everyone?
  Why does almost every country suddenly going to enact these mandates about what you have to do to travel?
  Well, that's because there's already a corporate global government that's been stealthily put in place for the last several decades.
  Now, Alex was asking about, well, what is this austerity plan?
  What is this all about?
  You go back to, well, a hundred years ago, you can go back to the technocrats, you can go back to Bertrand Russell, you can go back to H.G.
  Wells, who wrote book after book after book after book, saying this is what we're going to do in the next century, right?
  And who wrote the UNESCO plan, right?
  Julian Huxley's, Alex Huxley's brother, Julian Huxley, he wrote the UNESCO philosophy and plan
  We're inculcating through education, that 10th plank of the Communist Manifesto, right, the global mindset for the whole world in every country, right?
  So that UNESCO promotes all of these same ideas across the world.
  The United Nations is kind of like a nascent sort of neo-initial form of what they want to eventually give birth to, right?
  And it's wrong to think of it like, well, the Fortune 100 are fighting against the UN and it's like,
  Corporate versus, you know, collectivist.
  That's only one level, right?
  At the highest levels, the technocrats, just like in Huxley's Brave New World, they don't really care about the ideology.
  They don't really care about whether you believe capitalism and they believe communism or not or fascism or something.
  So they're kind of above the ideologies.
  It's a will to power, right?
  If you understand Nietzsche, you understand the will to power.
  That ideologies are just a way to kind of trick people, right, and move the chess pieces around on the table.
  Now, I'm not saying that there's no true ideology.
  I'm just saying that's the power elite's perspective of ideologies, of national governments, of this kind of stuff.
  They see it as just a tool on the chessboard, hence Brzezinski's grand chessboard analogy.
  So, but it is key, it's crucial to understand communism because communism is technocratic, right?
  Its origins are technocratic.
  If you go back to the French Revolution, where communism comes from, you get these characters who were known as Jacobins, right?
  If you read about the Jacobins, there's a good book on this called Perfectibilis, which is just the history of the Bavarian Illuminati, you know that they were the original technocrats, right?
  If it's the case that family
  And marriage and church and state are just social constructs.
  We just sort of make them up, right?
  Because there is no God.
  It's atheistic, right?
  There's no God.
  That's just all made up.
  Then we can make up anything.
  We can make up a new system.
  We can share our wives.
  We can share our goods, right?
  And so at the lower level, right, there's the Jacobin Magazine praising our new saint, our new hero, Joe.
  Saint Joe there.
  If we can
  Just institute a new system, right, then man can step into that role of being the high priest, right?
  The technocrat, the scientist, is the new man in the priestly vestment, right?
  The lab coat is the new priestly vestment.
  And that's really the attitude of the Luciferian sort of postmodern nihilistic Satanists, who I think are at the highest level of this system, right?
  They see this as
  A system to be brought in to, in their mindset, help them transcend the limitations of humanity.
  If you watch 2001, A Space Odyssey, that's really what Arthur C. Clarke and... I just went blank.
  Arthur C. Clarke and, you know, the guy who did all the best movies, right?
  2001, A Space Odyssey.
  I just went blank.
  You know what I mean, right?
  So, 2001, all these films, right, they're telling us about the same thing that Clarke, who by the way, Arthur C. Clarke, Stanley Kubrick, I don't know why I'm blank.
  Kubrick was in the circles of these people, right?
  And Arthur C. Clarke himself was hanging out with Crowley, another person who said we have to storm heaven and kind of initiate this new aeon of Horace, right, which is a sort of Antichrist era.
  Clarke wrote another book that people forget about called Childhood Zen.
  And in Childhood's End, he has the, you know, alien deception essentially coming into fruition through what are demons, right?
  When Kirellon, the quote, alien in the ship, emerges to the masses, he literally looks like a picturesque archetypal demon, right?
  If you watch the, I think the Sci-Fi Channel did a version of
  Childhood Zen a couple years ago, you notice that Corellon, you know, literally looks like, you know, Tim Curry in Legend, right?
  Playing the devil, right?
  And that was a pretty good series, actually.
  The way they did it, you know, they had Corellon basically duping everyone and for a while giving people a temporary dystopia, right?
  People for a while have the healing of their illnesses, right?
  They're given life extension technology.
  They're given all of these different things.
  And what do the elite want?
  Well, they steal everybody's children, right?
  They basically say that
  We're gonna take your kids, we're gonna evolve them, right, through MKUltra and brain, you know, mind control type stuff, and we're gonna have to depopulate everyone else, right, because you're just too primitive, you haven't evolved enough, you haven't, you know, you're not fit to be a space brother to all the other space brothers.
  There he is with his cloven hoof, right, walking out.
  I wonder what that, oh, it's just an alien, right?
  No, it's not an alien, it's a demon, right?
  And again, the very guy who did 2001,
  Right, which is all about transhumanism and nuking the planet.
  That's the original screenplay, is that Starchild has to depopulate by wiping everything clean slate.
  Great reset.
  Starchild, right?
  This big floating space baby.
  Right.
  Is man when man becomes God and then you say, OK, I got to I got to wipe out this universe.
  Do a great reset on the whole universe.
  Right.
  So if you want to understand 2001 A Space Odyssey, it's cosmic.
  A great reset.
  Right.
  Same idea in Clark.
  Right.
  Who was an Illuminist.
  Clark is part of this crowd of Illuminists hanging out with all the same people.
  Crowley, all the elite.
  Basically saying that the technocratic government is here to do a Malthusian depopulation operation.
  That's what that book's about.
  That's what 2001 is actually about.
  If you go back and watch it.
  Now, why do they have that ideology?
  Where does that come from?
  That comes from Malthus and from the Royal Society elites.
  Thanks for
  He says that we have the divine mandate through our blue blood, through our elite bloodline, right?
  It's our duty to kill and depopulate on a mass scale.
  The Georgia Guidestones are an erected monument publicly telling everybody this, right?
  So if you doubt this, go look up the Georgia Guidestones.
  Go look up the book, The Next Million Years, right?
  Where they say what they're going to do ahead of time.
  I'm Jay Dyer, Alex Jones Show!
  Don't go anywhere.
  Right.
  Welcome back to the Alex Jones Show.
  I'm your guest host, Jay Dyer.
  I have to apologize for getting Stanley Cooper's name a minute ago.
  I had snorted a whole line of pumpkin pops earlier, so I was out of my mind.
  Just kind of that stuff's even stronger than super male vitality.
  I can tell you right now.
  Now, I was talking about the next million years.
  Right.
  By Charles Galton Darwin in that Galton eugenics based Darwin
  We're good to go.
  In chapter 8, he says that we have to go for mass birth control, mass depopulation, mass reduction in the population through what he calls eugenic regimentation.
  And he says that we will promote a lot of industrialization, believe it or not.
  He says because when we industrialize a country, right, when they get fat, dumb, and happy, the birth rate goes down.
  And he says that will be one of the key ways to do that, and by doing that, we'll industrialize the world, we'll raise everybody's living standards, and then, he says, we will have a infrastructure for that technocratic society.
  But he says, remember that prosperity is key to infanticide.
  Yes, prosperity is key to infanticide and to depopulation operations, and he even goes so far as to say that
  Movements of masses of people are a weapon, right?
  You ever heard of this?
  Weapons of mass migration, right?
  Kelly Greenhill.
  He says that when you eventually get a certain level of prosperity in a country, the birth rates go negative, right?
  Now, he wrote this back in 1952, but he's just repeating the old line of Thomas Malthus, right?
  A long time ago before him, right?
  The Anglican minister, so-called preacher.
  Talk about, you know, Luciferians and minister-preacher garb.
  He says that in order to bring all of this in, right?
  He ends this next chapter.
  By talking about creating a fake religion that everybody would be duped by, that's based around scientism, right?
  Science, he says, will be the new religion.
  And the elite will run this religion from the background, right?
  And then it's really just a cloak for Darwinism, he says.
  And he says, we'll take this so far, literally he ends the chapter, he says, that they will offer up their children to us
  For the benefit of the human race.
  Now, literally saying that you will give your children up to the New World Order, right, to the global government, whether that means sacrifice, depopulation, or give them over to the state so that they can be brainwashed to become, you know, Carellon's little... Carellon's tots, right?
  The little tots that serve Satan or whatever.
  I mean, that's literally what they're talking about here, right?
  Again, I'm going to give you another example of this crazy stuff.
  There was a little-known book.
  Now, I covered this with Richard Grove the other day.
  We had an excellent two-hour talk that went viral.
  Got 100, 110, 20,000 views on that talk.
  You can go watch it at my YouTube channel, where we went into the Great Reset.
  And I brought up this book, and everybody's kind of blown away.
  They couldn't believe that this book existed back in 1982.
  I think it was written in 82.
  And it's a collection of a bunch of progressives and futurists and transhumanists
  Writing about all these different areas of life.
  So, it includes people like Carl Rogers, Jonas Salk, Tim Leary, Willis Harman, right, of Changing Images of Man fame.
  It includes people like Barbara Marx Hubbard, of all people.
  Marilyn Ferguson, who wrote the, what's her new agey book about the Aquarian era, right?
  So, what's amazing about this is that Willis Harmon, the guy who was involved in Changing Images of Man, one of the most important white papers for the elite.
  If you haven't read that, definitely go read that, look at that.
  He wrote a book about what work would be like in the technocratic future.
  Right here.
  Work.
  Willis Harmon.
  Changing Images of Man.
  Technocrat.
  Socialist.
  Right?
  Type of guy.
  And he says that we're going to have to figure out what to do, number one, with the extra people.
  That's a phrase that the British elite use, the extra people.
  The essential people and the extra people.
  So now you're starting to see that the essential workers, the essential twerkers, if you're a nurse in a hospital apparently, the essential workers are distinguished from the non-essential.
  And Willis Harman wrote this back in 1982, and he said that when we bring this in,
  Part of determining what would be the UBI, your universal basic income that's doled out to you, being on the globalist dole, right?
  Get your EBT card.
  What would determine you being on UBI would be your essential work, right?
  Whether you're essential or not.
  Now, again, he said this in 1982.
  So back in 1982, he said that we would need eventually some kind of austerity to be brought in.
  Great reset.
  Most people, he says, will work from home.
  He says, we'll even promote tiny houses.
  You see all these goofballs on YouTube, like the Millennials and Zoomers who want to live in a van and drive around.
  Maybe when you're 20, that's fun, but when you're 50, you don't want to be living in a van.
  I promise you, right?
  Like the Jerry Garcia van living thing is not for when you're 50, right?
  You want a recliner when you're 50, okay?
  You want to chill.
  You don't want to live in a van?
  That's just so that you don't have any say-so in the future, right?
  What's Bill Gates doing?
  Oh, he's buying up all the land, right?
  He's gonna own the land.
  You're gonna live in a van down by the river, right?
  Like Chris Farley, right?
  Literally.
  The Chris Farley aspect of the Great Reset.
  And he even says that the Middle Ages were interesting because it was this feudal model, right?
  The feudal model of the Middle Ages
  And since the role of work has changed from the Middle Ages to the modern technocratic future that we're going into, all we have to do is give people various forms of escapism in their time off, right?
  To where they go and go live in a virtual world and they're having sex with dragons in their virtual, you know, Rift world or whatever, Oculus world.
  He says, then we don't have to worry about them.
  They have checked out.
  They're not a challenge.
  They're not a threat.
  Most of these goofuses will be in the virtual world, having all the nastiest sex you can imagine.
  We will then let them just die off or become sterilized right through.
  You have to get the sterilization to get the UBI or whatever.
  And he says that will be the future.
  That will be the way that we can get them out of participating in the future.
  They will be spectators, right, for the real world and for the future, which we will own.
  Yes.
  Last year, a lot of right-wingers, right, just a bunch of idiots, the same goofuses who would go along with this Q crap, right, thinking that the, oh, the Great Reset, this is, this is, this idea of a universal basic income, that's good, right?
  If we just had, we wouldn't have to be, you know, trying to start our own business and do all this kind of stuff.
  We could just get a government check.
  It's the same trap that the elite used, right, LBJ, when he said that we'll just put all of the black community on
  They don't want you to be an enterprising, business-starting individual, right?
  So that's why libertarianism, Western Christianity, Orthodox Christianity, the Western ethos, common law,
  Limitations to centralized power.
  Limitations to centralized economics.
  That's the problem now that has to go.
  All that has to go.
  Limitations to international banking.
  Limitations to international corporations.
  All that's got to go so that they can bring in this weird, goofy system.
  And by the way, Tim Leary has a chapter in this where he says that the heroes and saints of the future are the scientists.
  And he says that some of those saints include, now he says this in a different book, but he says some of those saints include people like Alistair Crowley.
  Why is the guy who's in charge of basically getting everybody to do LSD and to do drugs, right, through his buddy John Lilly here, the guy with the dolphin fetish, why is he saying that Alistair Crowley is one of the heroes and saints of the new aeon?
  You see, right?
  Storm heaven.
  So the Jacobin model of storming heaven is the same as the Corleone model of storming heaven is the same as the Luciferian model of storming heaven.
  It's the same plan.
  It's the same model.
  It's the same idea.
  Once you understand that it's not about capitalism versus communism, this is the real plan, the technocratic plan, right?
  The same as the Jacobin plan, right?
  Corporate communism.
  Then you understand the whole thing.
  Now you can understand why the O.S.S.
  put Mao in power.
  Did you know that Mao was a yali?
  Yale in China.
  Skull and bones.
  There you go.
  This is Jay Dyer.
  This is Alex Jones Show.
  Nutrient it is clean pure atomic iodine from 12,000 foot deep crystals.
  There's a byproduct of oil and gas drilling.
  We're the only ones to ever go out and actually get this time of this type of true pure atomic ion.
  If you get a DEA license to get it, it's crazy.
  It goes right into your cells.
  It's essential.
  It's the good halogen, the opposite of fluoride and bromide and bromine and all of that.
  Look into the iodine conspiracy.
  This is the best you're going to get.
  It's back in stock.
  X2 sold out for months.
  50% off.
  People are very excited.
  Also back in stock after eight months because the COVID lockdown.
  Couldn't get it from France.
  Pollen Block.
  It's from specially fed quail.
  Their eggs have this natural antihistamine.
  It's amazing.
  People love it.
  It gives you that anti-allergy effect.
  Also, back in stock is our fluoride-free concentrated charcoal, accident charcoal toothpaste that my dad developed.
  He's a retired dentist.
  I want to thank you all for shopping with us and supporting us.
  Without you, we will not be on air.
  InfoWars, the most banned network in the world.
  Let's go ahead and talk to Diana in Michigan.
  You're on the air, thanks for holding.
  Hello.
  Hi, welcome.
  Okay, I want to plug your InfoWars mask, although I know that we are all against masks and that it's just basically a symbol of, you know, conformity and enslavement.
  But I want to say, every time I go out wearing it, when I go out to, you know, shop at grocery stores and whatnot, at least one person, every single time, compliments me on the mask.
  And they're like, oh, Alex Jones, I love him.
  And then I let them know, go to band.video, B-A-N-N-E-D, that video.
  Because sometimes when I say band.video, they think B-A-N-D.
  So I make sure to clarify that.
  But almost every single time I go out, I get compliments on that.
  So it's definitely spreading the word.
  And, you know, so it doesn't inhibit my breathing.
  I wear it underneath my nose.
  And it's kind of like, let's
  Oh my god.
  Congratulations.
  And I just had to make sure that I'm putting that message out there, and it really makes an impact.
  And we have big long conversations with the workers at these different grocery stores and other customers and stuff, and it really is a feeling of empowerment to see that there are other people out there thinking like you, that you're not all alone.
  So even though I don't believe in the mask, it's a great statement to get it out there to the rest of the world.
  And I'm so glad you got through.
  God bless you and congratulations on that new wonderful life that you have brought into the world.
  And I only wish the best for your new baby.
  I'm glad she called because this is bigger than Alex Jones and this is one of my frustration points in my mind that people don't seem to get.
  And when I've in general talked about Pharisees, I'm not talking about any particular individual.
  I'm talking about the way a Pharisee brain works is
  Very one-dimensional.
  Like, you say the masks are a fraud and cause bacterial pneumonia.
  You say they don't protect you.
  You say they're a symbol of slavery.
  Then what are you doing selling masks?
  Well, when we launched them, I made the decision to print it with Infowars.com so if you're on a plane or in a restaurant where it's a private place and they're making you do it and you need to go there for whatever reason, you wear it to fight back and then use the abuse like a judo move.
  They attack you, you use their momentum to throw them through the wall.
  Separately, you remember me in the last six months ahead of the election saying we're trying to sell all the products out at discount prices because we're not going to even have that much stuff in the warehouse the new year because if Biden steals the election, they plan to shut us down.
  Well, you now see that all over the news.
  Arrest Alex Jones.
  Shut Alex Jones down.
  That's why if you want to go to InfoWarsTore.com and get a t-shirt or get a book or get the supplements, I would suggest you stock up now.
  We need to bring in as much money as we can to operate into the future if we have our banking taking away, which they've already done at many levels, but now they're closing in for the full takeover.
  And look, don't worry, you'll be joining me.
  They plan to never turn the U.S.
  economy back on, never take their boot off your neck.
  The U.S.
  is slated for total destruction.
  Now, there may still be time to turn this around, but I just want you to know, in what could be some of our last broadcast here, where this is going.
  If I was you, we've got 2020 prices on storable food.
  The prices, they've extended until Friday.
  Then they will go up.
  People are buying through an explosive rate.
  Go to preparewithalex.com.
  That takes you right to the sub-page of infowarstore.com, where you'll find
  The best deals in the industry on high quality, fresh, durable food the last 25 years with great packaging.
  Preparewithalex.com.
  One year supplies up to $850 off.
  Last year's prices and discounts, it will go up, I'm told, one way or another.
  Next Saturday, it's extended through Friday.
  Preparewithalex.com.
  And get an Alexa Pure Breeze and an Alexa Pure Water Filter as well while you're there.
  The same folks that manufacture those.
  And you better get your supplements, your books, your films, your shortwave radios, your non-GMO heirloom seeds, all of it at InfoWarsTore.com.
  50% off Survival Vitality, 50% off Survival Shield X2, 50% off Alpha Power, 50% off Chill Force, 50% off Lung Cleanser, 50% off Survival Shield X3, 50% off X2, and 50% off Pure Turmeric Extract.
  It's like bodies, but a liquid formula.
  Pure Turmeric Extract, InfoWarsTore.com.
  Purchase from InfoWars to keep us on air now more than ever.
  These are powerful products.
  These are historic products.
  These are amazing products.
  And these are products that fund the second American peaceful information warfare revolution worldwide at InfoWarsTore.com.