Power partner thermostats and energy cycling where it says AI systems will control your thermostat and when you're sleeping and don't need to be cooler or other times it will decide and it says track you and watch you with smart technology and decide what you need.
  Imagine that couldn't be abused, huh?
  Power Partner Program.
  Get $85 from Austin Energy when you just check the box off and waive all your rights for every thermostat you enroll in.
  New Green Deal.
  ERCOT tells Texans to conserve energy to avoid more blackouts.
  So here's the bottom line.
  Remote control systems are in place.
  To take control of your thermostat with a smart grid.
  Why'd they put in all those smart meters in the last 20 years?
  They admitted to take control of your smart thermostat in the future.
  That's why you've got an imperial probe droid on the side of your house.
  That communicates with another imperial probe droid at the cell tower of the 5G, that communicates with the little smart meter that you think is so cute and sweet that you can control your phone.
  But all that can be overridden by Big Daddy New World Order!
  From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones.
  Ladies and gentlemen,
  China is moving troops in and around Taiwan, has 28 warplanes buzz the city.
  We have got smart meters all over Texas taken control of by ERCOT through the control grid to raise the temperature from 76 to 82.
  Total technocracy.
  Robots are being announced to be on the ground in downtown, walking around.
  That's being announced.
  All hell is breaking loose.
  The CDC now admits that heart problems in people taking the vaccines are way higher than previously thought.
  Of course, they knew exactly what would happen.
  In the studies, we have a whole bunch of special guests today, in studio, you name it.
  But first, a bombshell report by Gregory's that you must get out at band.video and freeworldnews.tv.
  It's very, very important.
  Here it is.
  The first autopsy conducted on a person who received the new experimental COVID jab confirms what we are being told by experts worldwide.
  The so-called cure is far worse than the disease.
  According to the post-mortem report, the 86-year-old man had never had COVID.
  and received a single dose of the Pfizer shot on January 9th.
  18 days later, he was admitted to the hospital where he got infected by an asymptomatic hospital roommate and died four days later.
  The molecular mapping shows that nearly all of his vital organs were infected with viral RNA.
  As a result of being exposed to his asymptomatic roommate, a rapid fatal autoimmune response was triggered throughout the body.
  People are being told to trust the science.
  But the science has been saying all along that these mRNA-induced spike proteins being produced in the body is a terrible and deadly idea.
  A former Pfizer head and former head of the Public Health Department tried to warn us back in December of 2020.
  Scores of medical experts from 30 countries came together just weeks after the vaccine went public to warn people of a wide range of side effects.
  They pointed out how care homes across the world were being infected with COVID-19 within days of residents getting vaccinated.
  Their main concern was that the spike proteins will be produced throughout the entire body, causing the body's own immune system to attack itself, and pointed out how the entire thing is a human experiment in violation of the Nuremberg Code.
  French virologist and Nobel Prize winner Luc Montagnier agrees.
  He calls it an unacceptable mistake and went on to say that it is unthinkable that any expert would not be aware of how potentially dangerous this shot is.
  Even the corporations seem to know.
  The owner of an oil and gas recruitment company, who hires for dozens of major companies, says that succession planning is now looking at all employees who have received one of the new COVID vaccines.
  Succession planning is the strategy that ensures businesses continue to thrive after employees move on, retire, or die.
  She says that the entire oil and gas industry is planning on having to replace all personnel who receive the vaccine within the next three years.
  To this day, I am running a global
  Gas and Oil recruitment firm.
  And the reason that this is important is because of what I am seeing as an executive in this industry happening right now as a result of the COVID vaccines and it's something called succession planning.
  Well, what's really interesting what's happening right now, and it's actually mortifying, not just interesting, is that
  Executives are having their HR staff and their managers, superintendents, foremen, so on and so forth, go through and look at the staff that have received the vaccines and they're planning to have to replace them all within the next three years.
  And through all of this, the mainstream media never once questioned the big pharma puppet in charge with the criminal past.
  Throughout all of this, the media told you to get the shot.
  For InfoWars.com, this is Greg Reese.
  That is a very important life-saving report.
  It is featured at Band.Video.
  Please get it out.
  Every day I say this at the start of the broadcast, but today I've got to do it.
  So let me now, for the first time ever, be able to just give you at least the top 10 stories I've got.
  Each one, I could spend the entire broadcast on it alone.
  And I'm not even going to ease the order of their importance because they're all so important.
  China sends 28 warplanes near Taiwan and latest and largest exercise threatens to invade to the London Guardian, you name it.
  Putin asked reporters if US assassinated Ashley Babbitt as we now learn that 500 plus people are in solitary confinement having their eyes knocked out, tortured because they're white.
  And it is all being confirmed and admitted in court and the government is going to reward the jail guards that are engaged in these attacks.
  Roger Waters has come out and viciously and properly attacked Zuckerberg for his criminal activities.
  We're going to be getting all that.
  The Vatican warns bishops not to deny communion to Biden for his promotion, not just of abortion, but human animal cloning that he supports and the use of baby parts in experimentation, including showing live scalps of scalped babies under rats.
  Yeah.
  I think?
  There you go.
  Because they know if you have sex really young, you tend to never actually get married and have children.
  That's just what the statistics show.
  They do not want you having children.
  It's all about depopulation.
  It's all about pedophilia.
  This is the pedophile army.
  This is the New World Order.
  Let's continue with the ultra-massive news.
  Delivery robots will be on the road in Austin starting Monday.
  It says they will be on the sidewalks.
  They are robots that look like
  Humanoids that roll along and will be delivering.
  And they will also be, when they feel like it, on the road, turning, I guess, into like an Autobot, partially transforming and then going on the road and rolling down the road.
  That ties into a really big piece of news.
  Smart meters can reduce power outage and restore your power in quicker time.
  And now I've confirmed with crew in our office and others around Texas
  Including folks in Houston that their condos are telling them, we are taking remote control of your meters so that there's not power outages.
  Just training you to accept that a technocracy controls what's going on inside of your house.
  So that is all coming up as well today.
  Then of course this really important horrifying stack.
  CDC says vaccine linked to heart inflammation is stronger than previously thought.
  The Hill.
  It was not previously thought that it was less.
  They knew before they approved it.
  Top scientists warned them that the spike protein is in the heart, the lungs, the brain, the ovaries, the uterus, the testicles, everything.
  Anywhere there is fast-growing cells that the body would then eat holes in areas that had a spike protein naturally occurring.
  They did not create a vaccine to counter the RNA.
  They created one to counter the shell of the virus, which is the same as your body.
  Doesn't take a rocket scientist or an epidemiologist or an immunologist to know what's going to happen, but they did tell us.
  All done on purpose.
  To collapse civilization.
  Defund the police.
  Collapse civilization.
  Open the borders.
  Collapse the third world.
  Shut down all the major industries.
  Shut down small businesses.
  Collapse.
  Post-industrial world.
  Organize.
  Collapse.
  We can figure it out now and stop it.
  It's the New Green Deal.
  Or we can go into the darkness together.
  That huge stack is what I'll cover first when we come back.
  But then coming up,
  Natural News did a great job reporting this.
  We went and researched it and it's even worse than Mike Adams says.
  California County demands all businesses produce vaccination status records of employees and turn them over to the government.
  We did a little research this morning and found out the lady heading it up works with the CDC as a model for the rest of the country.
  She has over 3 million people under her control now and is saying $5,000 a day fines if the businesses do not track and control who's vaccinated and create a database for contact tracers and a soon-to-be announced
  Vaccine passport.
  It's all here.
  The total blueprint rollout is all the public health order.
  Everything right here in this large stack that I'm going to be going over with the maps, the documents, everything for you to know what's coming to your town, your city.
  Because again, you go, well, that's California.
  Or, oh, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's the UK.
  Or, you know, that's Australia.
  No, that's the New World Order.
  They're just rolling it out in the areas they fully conquered first.
  And then it just goes on and on.
  Massive evidence of hundreds of thousands of ballots.
  They open up the ballot boxes and they're just empty ballots.
  They just digitally said Biden won and then produced empty ballots.
  Trump won.
  Arizona, it's about to be announced and the system is in total panic mode and that leads us to all of these FBI controlled hit teams and other organizations.
  The FBI is linked up with MS-13, the Chinese mafia, all the major mafias, and that is the compartmentalized globalist arm of the FBI that's the top of it, preparing targeted hit list
  To take out members of Congress, they've even said this on TV, as terrorists, and to go after Trump and his family, myself, Tucker Carlson.
  Several thousand people are on a hit list to be taken out before they completely plunge the dollar, lock the country down, and basically end the republic as we know it.
  They want to starve you out for a few years, like the Bolsheviks did in Russia, before they take full control of the continent itself, not just the CONUS system.
  That's not an exaggeration, that's really what we're facing.
  But it's okay, because the enemy's going to lose in the end.
  We got the jump on them, we've exposed their full operation, so they'll never be able to carry it all out.
  But they will execute it, I believe.
  So, it's going to be a disaster.
  It's going to be just absolutely horrible, like Hitler, to use the Russian analogy again, invading Russia with Operation Barbarossa.
  So they can't help themselves.
  It's an existential need to dominate, destroy America.
  They were raised and bred to hate the country, to hate Christians.
  And it's just, we're now at the same disease Russia had.
  So God help us, we will defeat it.
  We have no choice.
  But it is going to be absolutely hellish.
  They're going to stage a bunch of false flags to blame patriots as well.
  Try to trigger a race war.
  And it's going to be really rough.
  We're going to come through this, every race, color, and creed, together.
  Those of us that love God and hate Satan.
  Separately, I've never had bigger financial issues staying on the air.
  We were able to fund ourselves barely the last few years, and then the lockdowns and destruction of the supply chain has got it where you'll buy enough product, enough supplements, that's our biggest seller, because you know they work and you love them, to be able to fund the operation.
  But I can't ever keep enough of the products in, and everything I've got purchase orders out for comes in six, eight weeks, sometimes, you know, 12, 14 weeks late.
  And then everybody's so used to something being sold for sale, so then what I get I got to sell at sale, and then there's not enough money to fund the operation.
  So, I need everybody who believes in the broadcast and who really wants to fund us to know that you're our sponsors.
  To go to infowarestore.com and look at the books, the films, the t-shirts, the water filtration, the air filtration, the non-GMO heirloom seeds, the shortwave radios, and whatever supplements we've still got in stock, and buy those to fund our operation.
  You know, I'm in the process of selling my house.
  That'll fund this place two or three months.
  I'm in the process of all this stuff to continue on and to not lay people off and stay in the fight.
  And we're more important than ever right now to be able to get the word out and to be able to be here while everything we warned about unfolds.
  We've never been more influential, never been more successful, except the economic war the globalists have launched is not making it available for you to be able to even buy the product.
  So while you still can, infowarestore.com and go to the support us page and be a sponsor.
  You'll give us a gift to actually keep us on air, please.
  Reflecting on my past life.
  Because it's five o'clock.
  They take me to the gallows, Paul.
  The sands of time for all of us are running low.
  The Great New War, sixth generation, is here.
  The Antichrist, world government, AI-controlled pestilence, 5G death,
  Sands of time have already run through the hourglass, and the final grains are falling to their resting place in history.
  And all those that serve evil will now taste of the black cup of death which they have helped pour into our world.
  Running low, my friends!
  The time is running low!
  You will now taste of that which you conjured!
  The whole world you know is going away!
  You think you just killed billions of children in the womb and God wouldn't remove his spirit?
  His force field?
  Ha!
  All of you that thought you'd get away with evil!
  are going to be metaphysically torn inside out.
  There still may be time for some of you to get close to God before it's too late.
  Alright, every day I come in here and every day I'm like a pig.
  I want a bunch of guests because I love talking to people.
  And I also have too much news and information to cover.
  And so I've really made the decision, no matter what, that I'm going to cover every one of these articles and every one of these huge breaking reports, or I am going to just do a live show tonight or tomorrow to get this all out because this is all incredibly insane.
  But here's the problem.
  If I just mention some of these things and don't give it a preface, it doesn't have a big effect for whatever reason.
  So let me just put this out real quick for you.
  The reason it's so important to keep us on air, the reason that your prayers and your word of mouth and your financial support is beyond critical, is I really do have the big, large, compendium, full spectrum understanding of their takeover plan.
  And my goal is to get enough people aware of the takeover plan to get other people aware of it.
  Because once you see it, you're like, how did I never see that before?
  It's ridiculously obvious.
  But people are mesmerized.
  They're under a spell.
  Like B.B.
  King would say.
  And as B.B.
  King would say, I'm no longer under your spell and the thrill is gone.
  And so once you're not under their mesmerized spell of confusion, once you start seeing pieces of it, suddenly you pull back and you go, whoa, and you see the whole nine yards.
  And so there's no doubt this is the big one.
  There's no doubt they're making the full move now.
  I thought they would do it in increments.
  They know they're behind.
  They're going for all of it.
  And as best I can tell,
  They're going to start some big wars, some giant race attacks, some economic collapses.
  Six months, a year, two years max.
  Could be next week.
  I mean, they are in full attack mode.
  And you can see how scared and crazy their minions are.
  If you watch the body language at the G7, they look like people walking the plank with a pirate with a sword to their back, because those are just front people.
  And they've been told what's about to happen, and so they're scared.
  Alright?
  So, I can tell from all the analysis, I can tell from the body language, I can tell from all the different military people that are leftist, and FBI agents that are leftist on TV, how they're going to get Congress, how they're going to use the CIA on us, how they're going to take us out, that they're having to hype themselves up, hopping up and down for this fight.
  I'm just sitting there going, I don't want the fight!
  But they're on the other side, hopping up and down, convincing themselves that what they're about to do is a good thing and they're going to win it.
  So, we're at total war, this is the end of America as you know it, and I would just get you and your family ready for what's coming, because they're not going to let us have a counter-revolution and elect a new Republican supermajority, which we're going to do.
  They're not going to let us block the election fraud, they're going to blow up federal buildings and blame it on us, and start arresting and killing everybody, and then a giant shooting war is going to start.
  These are losers.
  These are the worst people on Earth.
  They're the stupidest people on Earth.
  And they serve Satan.
  So, all I can tell you is, it will do nothing to get in a shooting war with these idiots.
  What we need to do is stay out of their way while they destroy themselves.
  Because, you see, they think they're destroying America and that empowers them.
  They don't even get the best thing they've got going for them is America.
  But they've been existentially trained
  To hate the country, and to hate its institutions, and to hate what makes us free, that they believe if they can just conquer America, then they can conquer the world.
  When instead the whole world's turning against them, because they know we're a banana republic, and they know there's no more justice here, and they know we're run by out-of-control criminals and scum.
  And that's why you see a lot of people that are smarter from earlier fashions of the power structure that weren't dumb enough to get rid of their own escape valve, their own safety net, which is due process.
  That's why you see Jon Stewart.
  And that's why you see all these other super prominent people coming out and saying, this is a terrible idea what's going on.
  This is out of control and it needs to stop.
  Here's Jon Stewart, hijacks the
  Stephen Colbert Show with Lab Leak Rant.
  Liberal.
  Twitter.
  Explodes.
  Here it is.
  I think we owe a great debt of gratitude to science.
  Science has in many ways helped ease the suffering of this pandemic, which was more than likely caused by science.
  And that's kind of... No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
  That's just a little too weird, don't you think?
  And then I asked those scientists, they're like, how did this... So wait a minute, you work at the Wuhan Respiratory Coronavirus Lab.
  How did this happen?
  And they're like, a pangolin kissed a turtle?
  And you're like, no!
  The name of your lab!
  I mean, look at the name!
  Look at the name!
  Let me see your business card!
  But again, they don't go the rest of the way.
  Obama funded it.
  Fauci ran it.
  The name of it was the Coronavirus Lab.
  Gain-of-Function Lab.
  And they tell Congress they know nothing about it.
  She asks, why is it all coming out now?
  Because whistleblowers.
  Because their whole stinking house of cards is coming down.
  I'm Alex Jones.
  This is the Infowar.
  Tomorrow's news today.
  Welcome back here to the Alex Jones Show.
  I am your host, Alex Jones.
  And the whole world is watching, is now 500, a little over 503, they're saying.
  Citizens, almost all of them, didn't knock over a plant, didn't hit a statue, didn't poop in Nancy Pelosi's office, like one guy did, didn't punch a cop.
  They got waved in by the police, as senators are saying, that have seen the footage that the feds won't release, but they've been allowed to see it.
  And they say most of them just got waved in, and they are in solitary confinement.
  Allowed one shower a week for five minutes.
  One guy had his eye put out.
  They're beating him, calling him racist, because almost all black guards believe what the media is saying, that they've got white supremacists down there.
  And they're under the federal jail there being held, and this is unprecedented except for Julian Assange, who's been in solitary confinement for now, I guess, eight, nine years in purgatory.
  And so Roger Stone was put in the same position.
  They were planning to send him to a COVID-infested prison for supposedly lying to Congress, but we've seen all these huge lies by Fauci and others.
  Well, Vladimir Putin
  Of course not.
  We don't have this kind of habit of assassinating anybody.
  That's one.
  Number two is, I want to ask you, did you order the assassination of the woman who walked into the Congress and who was shot and killed by a policeman?
  Do you know that 450 individuals were arrested after entering the Congress and they didn't go there to steal a laptop?
  They came with political demands.
  450 people have been detained.
  They're facing, they're looking at jail time between 15 and 25 years and they came to the Congress with political demands.
  Isn't that
  Prosecution for political opinions.
  Some have been accused of plotting to topple, to take over government power.
  Some are accused of robbery.
  They didn't go there to rob.
  The people who you have mentioned, yes, they were convicted for violating their status, having been previously convicted
  Given the convention, given delayed sentences, which was essentially a warning to not violate any laws, and they completely ignored the requirements of the law, the court went on and passed
  And turn the condition into real jail time.
  Thousands and thousands of people ignore requirements of the law and they have nothing to do with political activities in Russia every year and they go to jail.
  If somebody is actually using political activities as a disguise to deal with their own issues, including achieve their commercial goals, then it's something that they have to be held responsible for.
  There you go again, Mr. President.
  I mean, we forget about Assange languishing in prison without being convicted.
  We forget about all these people languishing even though there's really no charges they're saying for them.
  This has got us sitting to chill up all our spines because you know they want to put you and I in jail.
  I trended number one over the weekend on Twitter.
  Arrest Alex Jones.
  No, congratulations on that, Alex.
  What I like is that I've trended on Twitter four times since January, and I'm not even on Twitter.
  I was banned for life in 2016.
  Just revel in their hatred, because if you were not effective, they would not hate you.
  It's outrageous and pretty incredible when a vile Russian dictator, whose system we despise, a totalitarian, a guy who does run an oppressive government, has to point out the tactics and oppressiveness of our own government.
  Who killed Ashley Babbitt?
  Nowhere in the law does it say that trespassing allows a police officer to engage in first-degree murder.
  But why is nobody being held responsible?
  The investigation was conducted in secret.
  The police have not disclosed who the trigger man is.
  But she was an unarmed veteran.
  She was threatening no one.
  She should have been prosecuted for trespassing had she survived.
  But instead, we have a massive cover-up.
  This is part and parcel of a larger scam that's going on.
  Last Friday, there were indictments of two members of the Three Percenters, whatever that is.
  And if you can go to Reuters, it says that they were seen with Roger Stone outside the Supreme Court building on January 5th.
  That's absolutely accurate that I was outside the building.
  I spoke to a legally permitted event with about 500 people listening.
  Could they have been in the crowd?
  I guess they might have been, but I don't know either one of these fellows.
  I certainly didn't meet with them as a number of the other fake news media outlets have reported.
  I have no idea what they were up to on the 5th or the 6th.
  I don't know them.
  This is, once again, the guilt by association.
  Frankly, I expect better from Reuters.
  They, generally speaking, generally speaking, have been more fair than the others, but ABC News is the absolute worst.
  Well, Roger, the reason I raise this is it's not just academic and it's not just, you know, we're like, oh, look, they're coming after us.
  It's it's you got Frank Figliuzzi, former assistant FBI director, all over TV, all these others saying we want to take out Congress.
  We want to use this
  We're good to go.
  For some type of Justice Department purge that's really unprecedented.
  I had Judge Joe Brown here last week, a famous criminal court judge, and he hadn't seen these statements.
  He was shocked by them and said that this is one of the most dangerous moments in American history.
  I mean, they wouldn't be preparing the public for this mentally if they weren't preparing to try this, because they know that they've been painted into a corner.
  Huge Republican wins, I think, in the midterms coming up.
  There's a giant awakening happening.
  There's major remorse over those that actually supported Biden, knowing he's a fraud.
  Biden can hardly talk.
  I mean, this house of cards is coming down on them.
  How do you expect them to strike back?
  Well, the crocodile tears of the Democrats are laughable.
  I mean, oh my God, the Trump Justice Department investigated the leaking of classified information by House Democrats.
  Are they unaware of something called probable cause?
  Would Adam Schiff be the first congressman to go to prison?
  Hardly.
  The Justice Department has every authority and right to investigate illegal activities, even by members of Congress.
  And I can tell you, Alex, authoritatively, there is no doubt whatsoever, and I could prove if necessary, Adam Schiff leaked
  Confidential, classified documents, in my case, to ensure that I would be charged in the kangaroo court within the District of Columbia.
  And he should be prosecuted, along with his sidekicks, Eric Swallowswell and the other guy from Texas, whose name I'd rather forget.
  These guys were engaged in criminal activity.
  They should have been investigated.
  They also should have been charged, tried, and convicted.
  That's another great point.
  While they're bitching about being investigated for criminal leaks, they're the ones that illegally spied on a candidate, and then a president, and then lied about it to Congress.
  Yeah, that's the most outrageous thing.
  Oh, it's worse than Nixon.
  No, it isn't.
  Let's be clear.
  Barack Obama and Joe Biden used the full authority of the United States government for strictly political purposes, then they used fabricated evidence to justify an investigation.
  They spied on the Republican candidate for President of the United States.
  Wait a minute!
  Isn't that what Nixon went down for?
  I believe so, although that was a private operation with a bunch of misfits.
  This is the full CIA, the FBI, the entire law enforcement apparatus of the United States.
  That is the greatest abuse of power in American history, and now we have a cover-up.
  Oh, look what the Republicans were doing at the DOJ.
  Please, someone, give me a break.
  Well, that actually shows that Nixon didn't have control of the government.
  We had a shadow government out of power trying to throw out a duly elected president.
  With an operation 10 million times bigger than Nixon's.
  Nixon's was a little quaint group of people that I know that you were the youngest of and only got a nod to go to prison.
  It's just insane to watch that Keystone Cop operation makes Nixon endearing compared to this big scientific evil backed up by the media, the courts, everything being above the law.
  We'll be right back.
  You see, we are the rebels, not them.
  Stay with us.
  You can stand me up.
  At the gates of hell.
  But if I don't have your support, can't do it.
  I won't be turned around.
  But I can't do that without you keeping me in the fight.
  They can put a gun to my head, I'm not backing down.
  But if I don't have money to run this operation and to get the information out around all the censors and all the things they've done to us, I won't be on air.
  They'll win.
  And maybe that's God's plan.
  And listen, listeners, I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart.
  You've really come through.
  Through incredible attacks, lawsuits, deplatforming, we had to build our own infrastructure that cost more than $20 million to actually have the satellites, the connections, the server farms, to do this at the level we're doing it.
  You came through in the last four years of deplatforming and did that, and we put all the money back in to do this.
  And you loved our products, the supplements particularly, and we were able to dig ourselves out of a six million dollar hole last year of debt I had secretly and had to pay off, never told anybody about that, and stay on air.
  We got out of the hole.
  And then, after
  The year-plus of lockdowns around the world, almost none of the products we have, we can get.
  Charcoal toothpaste?
  Notice that hasn't been available for four months.
  DNA Force?
  Wasn't available for seven months.
  Almost every product we have, not available.
  So I even tried to reformulate.
  Have less product in it.
  Less ingredients, not less quality, but a new formulation with, okay, can't get that, I'll get this.
  Can't even do that.
  And you hear about the breakdown, you hear about what's happening in society.
  That's really our issue, is that if an ingredient has something like 30, 40 things in it.
  Or a product has a bunch of things in it and you can't get half of those at the highest quality organic standard.
  What do you do?
  Lower the organics?
  No, you can't do that.
  So you try to then say, well, I'll reformulate and take those ingredients out.
  You can't even do that.
  So that's the level of how bad the economy's hurt.
  So it's not your fault that InfoWars is having trouble paying the bills because when we have the product, you buy it, we stay on air.
  But most of the best-selling products are not available because they're sold out for five, six, seven, eight months at a time.
  Now the companies want us to pay up front, even though we've always paid on time.
  Years ago, ten years ago, we had to pay up front.
  It got to where our producers, and I'll go to Roger Stone, this is important, they would
  Let us get delivered the product and then pay.
  And that was great.
  Now they're like, hey, we're having so many troubles with employees and crew and lockdowns and regulators and buyouts that we just need the money up front.
  75% up front, 25% on delivery.
  And so I've done the math.
  I've met with the accountants.
  It's time I don't have.
  I need to be in the fight.
  And we need to get
  Donations.
  We need to get a lot of donations to supplement what we're doing because right now I'm about a million dollars behind and as time goes on that hole gets deeper and deeper and deeper and deeper and deeper and it frustrates me because I want to stay in the fight.
  I want to wreck the globalists.
  So listen, go to infowarestore.com.
  But we're getting to a point where I'm not going to be able to discount whatever product we've got because it's so limited.
  Take DNA Force Plus.
  Sold out for almost seven months.
  Came back into stock.
  And in two weeks, we sold two thirds of it.
  We're down to a couple thousand bottles right now.
  And we're not getting more, they say, maybe for six months.
  And my business guys that I work with are like, see Alex, we told you charge full price, but then you only buy when it's discounted.
  So it's a catch 22 and it's just something the whole world and everything's going through.
  But InfoWars needs to stay on the air, ladies and gentlemen.
  And I want to thank you for keeping us on air.
  The products we do have back in stock are great, but we got a limited supply of those.
  Take the trifecta of the whole food multivitamin, the vitamin C with zinc, and the vitamin D3 with the calcium.
  A super trifecta for your immune system.
  It's 40% off!
  25% off when you buy them individually.
  That has to end Sunday, because we won't be able to get these in for months and months and months, and I need to sell them at full price to even hope to stay on air.
  We have a new sale that'll go for at least a week and a half or so, but it's running out.
  Ultimate Krill Oil.
  Highest grade Krill.
  Your brain, your heart, your body, your dreams, everything.
  It really is magic juice.
  It's back in limited run, because they make us pay all of it up front, because it's a high-end place we get it from, medical grade.
  They sell the same stuff in doctor's offices, folks.
  We have the Biotru Selenium for mustard seeds.
  Strongest selenium out there.
  Amazing.
  And X3, the triiodine, the good halogen for your body.
  60% off with free shipping.
  Because I've got to put it on sale just to get the money in to run, even though it's going to sell out, and then I won't have anything.
  And then I'll be up here asking for donations every day.
  So, please go to mfolwarestore.com.
  On the right-hand side, you see a button that says, right there,
  Support us and just become a sponsor with a $10 donation, $100 donation a month, $5 donation.
  Sign up for what's reoccurring.
  Cancel any time.
  But it's all right there.
  $10, $25, $50.
  That's how you become a sponsor.
  It's not 501c3.
  It's not tax deductible.
  That's a whole other regulatory system.
  If I did that, they'd control my speech.
  This is just a pure sponsor info wars because you believe in what we're doing.
  I want to keep us on air and I'm not bitching.
  I'm not complaining.
  I'm just saying
  This is not your fault.
  It's not my fault.
  It's the globalists.
  It's the Great Reset.
  And so we need your help because I am getting really pissed off.
  Because I've got some major moves I could make if I had money.
  I've got 10 reporters I want to hire right now.
  I've got crews to do incredible stuff in Florida.
  I've got D.C.
  and New York and California, but I can't do it or have the money.
  Instead, I'm just battling to stay at the level we're at, so please keep us there.
  Roger, thanks for coming on while I did that long, extensive plug, but you know the inside baseball.
  They bankrupted you, they took everything you had.
  This is part of the fight, and I know you're okay with that, but you just want to stay in the fight.
  But let's raise this.
  Two points.
  An update on your lovely wife, who I know is battling cancer and is a good friend of mine.
  And then also, Bill Maher, who used to say we were Russian agents, now says that's all crap and bull.
  Is he going to apologize to you?
  Well, Alex, first of all, let me echo what you said about InfoWars.
  InfoWars is the tip of the spear.
  InfoWars is indispensable in the fight for freedom.
  I went to a big fancy elitist party this weekend because a very good friend of mine, Mark Caputo, the only honest reporter who works at Politico, used to be at the Miami Herald.
  Very honest reporter.
  Had a cocktail party, and of course when I walked in, liberal heads exploded.
  People are so rude and intolerant.
  It's extraordinary.
  I loved it.
  But in all honesty, people kept asking me, why do you go on InfoWars?
  Why do you go on InfoWars?
  I'll tell you why.
  A. You reach millions of people.
  B. In the six years I've known Alex Jones, he has never attempted to censor me.
  Not once have you ever said, oh, you can't say that here, you can't say this.
  You get the unvarnished truth on InfoWars.
  I can't think of any other media outlet that's true.
  So I am glad to be here.
  I'm lucky to be here.
  I'm lucky to be alive.
  Thank God for that.
  Unfortunately, Alex, the sad truth is today
  The doctors downgraded my wife's condition to stage 4.
  Initially, that was their diagnosis.
  Then they said, no, no, it's stage 3.
  There is a substantial difference.
  Now they're confirming, no, they were wrong the second time.
  And she is in a stage 4 status with her lymphoma, which has spread to her lungs.
  On the other hand, she's resilient.
  She is upbeat, she's optimistic, she's very spiritual, as you know.
  She's going to beat this.
  But the cost of her cancer treatments, both medical and holistic, are extraordinarily expensive.
  And we were broke by the Mueller investigation.
  Two years of being hunted, smeared, harassed, framed, deplatformed, censored, banned, threatened, terrorized, and bankrupted.
  Thank you, Robert Mueller.
  So, yes, I do need people to go to StoneFamilyFund.com.
  I do need your help, but I also need you to help InfoWars because
  I need this forum in the fight for freedom.
  We can't let Alex Jones be out there by himself.
  He needs allies like me, and I'm proud to be here, Alex, because you are a truth teller.
  I'm a truth teller.
  These people hate us because we won't stop telling the truth.
  That's right, the globalists and leftists hate the fact that we're on air and I take that as a great honor that you go to a cocktail party that's got a bunch of high-powered leftists and they're freaked out that we're on air, we're still speaking.
  They absolutely hate our very existence and that is a beautiful thing.
  No, right now at the Biden Justice Department there's a bunch of guys grouped around a computer watching every word we say.
  Uh, but the truth is we're not breaking any laws.
  We don't advocate violence.
  We don't advocate lawlessness.
  All we want is an honest election.
  All we want is free speech as mandated in the U.S.
  Constitution.
  All we want is our First Amendment rights.
  All we want is the right to politically organize, but I hate to say it,
  Vladimir Putin, who I don't like at all, who I know is a thug, is more honest than our own government.
  I mean, we are now hunting political dissidents.
  People are being surveilled, according to the Washington Times and the Washington Examiner, because of their political opinions.
  There's no probable cause because there's no crime.
  We're now surveilling citizens on a
  Unlimited, unprecedented number of warrantless searches.
  Even the FISA court has warned the FBI about the constitutional nature of these searches.
  But people are being spied on, people are being harassed.
  Well, the Democrats admit, I mean, it's come out that big tech and even banks are spying on conservatives now, like that's an act of terrorism.
  Come back though, I want to get your take on Bill Maher, because a lot of conservatives and people go, oh, Bill Maher's great now.
  Well, yeah, because it's obvious what he said was pure bull.
  He's trying to flip back.
  I mean, I'd like to see Bill Maher have you on, have me back on to have a real debate about all this, but we'll see if that happens.
  I think he's probably afraid of that higher ratings.
  He probably doesn't control his own show.
  But we'll be right back with our number two, a bunch of special guests and huge, huge breaking news I haven't gotten to.
  So, Bill Maher is saying stop teaching critical race theory.
  Stop covering up the Wuhan lab.
  Stop attacking America.
  But that's who Bill Maher supported.
  And so what do you make of Bill Maher's incredible flip-flop?
  I mean, I'll be honest.
  He's a smart guy.
  He's very entertaining.
  You've been on his show.
  I actually went and saw Bill Maher many years ago.
  He came and did his comedy in Austin.
  It was pretty good.
  I've also seen William Shatner and others.
  I mean, I agree with him.
  But why would he be flip-flopping so much?
  And then why would we ask him why he flip-flopped?
  Doesn't he owe you an apology?
  Alex, I'm going to be honest with you.
  I was actually on his pilot program for Politically Incorrect.
  I was working as a political consultant for Republicans in New York and Washington, and I did his initial pilot show.
  I've been on several times.
  Bill and I have in common a strong belief in the legalization of cannabis.
  You're a big Christian now, but you've been both of you a little bit known for being freaky.
  Well, I mean, back in the day, but, you know, I'm redeemed.
  Tell me, let he who is without sin cast the first stone.
  Roger, I think it's endearing of you.
  I'm not casting stones.
  Me, I'm a boy scout.
  Yeah, right.
  In any event, I heard about you in the day, man.
  I heard you were a wild man, but I know you're a follower of Christ.
  I know you're a good family man.
  But let's get back to the point here.
  Bill Maher had a lot of laughs at my expense when I was gagged.
  Oh, let's kick the crap out of Stone while he's gagged by a judge.
  He's a Russian spy.
  He's a traitor.
  He's seditious.
  He's owned by Vladimir Putin.
  Okay, fine.
  Very yuck it up.
  Now he admits there was no Russian collusion.
  Let me tell you, this works.
  It's very cool to be on Bill Maher's show.
  You show up at the studio.
  A beautiful woman takes you to your very own dressing room.
  Your name is on the door with a star.
  It's very cool.
  Then his producer, a great guy by the name of Scott Carter, comes in.
  By the way, one of the best dressed men in the country has made my best dressed list several years in a row.
  And he says, hey, how you doing?
  So let's talk this through.
  Whatever you do, Stone, don't try to be funnier than Bill.
  Because he'll just try to top you.
  I said, well, wait a minute, Scott.
  He has a team of comedy writers, and I live by my wits.
  My uncle's Leibowitz and Moskowitz.
  No, it's just me taking on this corporate monolith.
  Bill's not very funny, in my opinion.
  By the way, his head is way too big for his body.
  Putting that aside, I understand he hits the vaporizer before he goes on the air.
  Maybe that's why he's so fluid in his speech.
  But yeah, he needs to have me back on and he needs to let me defend myself.
  No, he admits there was no Russian collusion.
  And now he seems to be touched by the hand of God.
  Jesus seems to have straightened him out.
  He seems to become a truth teller on some key points.
  By the way, he was always good on
  Radical Islam, on the dangers of Radical Islam, I salute him for that.
  But now, he's got to make it right.
  It wasn't fair to beat me up about Russia, because there was no Russian coalition.
  Let's be honest then, Roger, if you're critiquing people, because I love your head.
  If somebody's got too big a head for a body, then I mean, I've got a big ass head.
  Well, people don't like the shape of my head on Twitter.
  You can go look at it.
  I think it's fine.
  Give me a real roasting.
  What would you say about Alex Jones?
  No, come on, Alex.
  I saw you in your bodybuilding days.
  You were very sleek.
  You had quite the physique.
  You probably need to lose a few pounds, but then so do I. No, you're doing great.
  But listen, we should get you back on with Bill Maher immediately.
  I'd love to be on the show as well.
  I mean, I'll just say right here, Bill, I'll come on.
  I'll be friendly.
  I'll be nice.
  You got my word on that.
  And I hope Bill comes all the way over to our side.
  I'd like to see the direction he's going.
  Well, I'm going to put together a video that we can do next time.
  I want people to see what he said about me and what he's saying now.
  Because in all fairness, it's time to invite me to L.A.
  It's time to have me on the show.
  You can have your comedy writers.
  You can prepare.
  I'll go in, you know, completely ill-prepared.
  And I will, of course, kick your ass.
  Well, real quick, Roger, you're doing a podcast now.
  You do videos every day, the Bandai video in the Roger Stone section.
  How do people find you?
  I don't know where these photos even came from.
  I'm like 18 there, guys.
  Get that down.
  I don't even know who took this photo.
  Here, go ahead.
  Stonecoldtruth.com, Stonecoldtruth.com, my new show, Get Stoned, your daily fix on politics, soon to be on the Excluded.com network.
  But my very best work is at Banned Video.
  You gotta check it out.
  Alright, Roger, God bless you.
  Be safe.
  I'm praying for your wife.
  Stay with us, Eugenics.
  All that evil men and tyrants need to flourish is that good men do nothing.
  Well, I'm trying to be a good man.
  I'm trying to stand up and do the right thing.
  And I've seen huge effects with what we've done here at InfoWars.
  Other good men and women getting together and telling the truth and standing up to corruption.
  But now the Globals are coming after us.
  And so I need your prayers.
  I need your financial support.
  I need your word of mouth to stay in the fight.
  We've got a big sale going right now.
  Free shipping, double Patreon points on three items that have been sold out.
  Ultimate Krill Oil, 40% off.
  X3, 60% off.
  Best you'll ever on that.
  And of course Bio, Trisillinium, that is essential.
  Well, Roger Waters, the brains behind Pink Floyd,
  Has come out and just destroyed the mind control of Mark Zuckerberg in a very powerful rant that I hope we have time to get to today.
  Very, very powerful.
  We also have Eric Clapton in a 30-minute Scorcher interview that sounds like Alex Jones, that if I don't get to today, I'm going to do a special report this afternoon for Bandon Video.
  But this is just part of the Global Awakening, and of course,
  I like both these guys and admire their music, but what I really like is them having the courage and the dedication and everything else to go against the system.
  And so that's just some of what we got to cover.
  Okay.
  We have the internal battle plans for the rollout of the U.S.
  social credit score, vaccine passport,
  Medical Tyranny Nightmare Grid.
  And that is a very important piece of information that one way or another today I'm going to be covering it.
  Though I do have in studio Mark Rondazza, a famous constitutional First Amendment lawyer on the unprecedented attacks on free speech in this country.
  In studio next segment.
  Then Elijah Schaeffer,
  of the very popular Slightly Offensive podcast and our former colleague Savannah Hernandez.
  They'll be in studio with us to talk about their travails, all the things they witnessed, and some of their amazing discoveries.
  And then Paul Joseph Watson in the fourth hour.
  We're now into hour number two.
  But let me get to this gigantic piece of news first.
  You see, I don't want to sit up here and talk about the stuff I told you 27 years ago, or 20 years ago, or 15 years ago, or 10 years ago, or 6 years ago, or 4 years ago, or 5 months ago.
  I don't want to do that.
  Because you already know about that.
  Don't you want to know how I know all that?
  Don't you want to know how I can tie it all together and know what they're going to do next?
  I've learned their philosophy.
  I've studied their moves.
  And it's not actually very hard to figure it all out if you know.
  So, ERCOT is the big corrupt Enron, Bilderberg Group, Davos Group controlled, European based, Enron 2.0.
  And the same scams that Enron did in the 80s and 90s and got convicted for is what they're running now.
  So I knew when ERCOT turned the power off for two weeks in Texas and made an extra 50-something billion dollars ripping us off that was happening.
  And later it came out that they were charging up to nine billion dollars a day extra that was a total scam.
  People said, how the hell do you know that?
  Well, I mean, if I stick my hand in a cage with a rattlesnake, it's going to bite me.
  So that's what I'm saying is, it's all the same scams.
  We know what they're going to do.
  Ercox even got former Enron people on the board, their business models the same.
  And what they're doing to Texas, they want to do to you.
  So I don't care if you're in Australia or Mexico or Timbuktu, it's the same multinational corporations that run this global government that are setting up these scams.
  You're like, well, that'll collapse society.
  That's what they want.
  They're barbarous.
  So, I started getting calls last night, and I walk in this morning, and I'm in the accounting sales area, and they're like, yeah, my wife's sister called, and they're in Houston, and their condo gave them a notice that they're in control through the power company of their thermostats via their lease, and that they're going to set their thermostat at 82.
  I go, hmm.
  I walk across the
  Hall and I have crew tell me about how they're having the same thing happen.
  And I said, you know, why don't you just pull up where they admit they're doing it?
  That's a big news article.
  So we went and looked it up.
  There was no current admissions, but here it all was that ERCOT and others say they will come in and take control of your thermostats to save the power grid from going down.
  Oh, of course.
  You're going to give us a deadly inoculation to protect us too, right?
  You're going to shut off all the coal power plants and restrict the gas plants so we don't have enough power.
  Then you're going to say, oh, there's not enough creating artificial scarcity and gouge us for it.
  And have us sweat our asses off while we pay three, four times the prices.
  And that was the press release ERCOT sent out.
  They said prices will go up and you're gonna have rolling blackouts and you need to set your thermostats the way we say or you'll have no power.
  It's called being held hostage by predators.
  It's the climate lockdowns where they turn your power off.
  Are you ready for the climate lockdowns?
  So, you know, I mean, I tell people 10 years ago when they first came out with Amazon Assistance in the house and others, I said, you know, that's listening to you, right?
  You know, it's AI.
  Of course, now they admit all that.
  So here it is, though, in the fine print.
  Austin Energy, rebates and incentives, power partner program, help keeps rates low.
  It's the power partner, and when you sign up for it, you agree to have their digital thermostat, and they will control your thermostat and set it at 82 on average if it's too hot.
  And they don't have power.
  I mean, it's even, and people are like wondering why, why is my thermostat under their control?
  Because you clicked that in the contract.
  You see how that works?
  So, here it is, Power Partner Thermostats and Energy Cycling, where it says AI systems will control your thermostat and when you're sleeping and don't need to be cooler or other times it will decide and it says track you and watch you with smart technology and decide what you need.
  Imagine, that couldn't be abused, huh?
  Power Partner Program, get $85 from Austin Energy when you just check the box off and waive all your rights for every thermostat you enroll in.
  New Green Deal, ERCOT tells Texans to conserve energy to avoid more blackouts.
  So here's the bottom line.
  Remote control systems are in place.
  To take control of your thermostat with a smart grid.
  Why'd they put in all those smart meters in the last 20 years?
  They admitted to take control of your smart thermostat in the future.
  That's why you've got an imperial probe droid on the side of your house.
  That communicates with another imperial probe droid at the cell tower or the 5G, that communicates with the little smart meter that you think is so cute and sweet that you can control your phone.
  But all that can be overridden by Big Daddy New World Order.
  Like, well that'll save money, that'll create a scientific community.
  They admit their own plans, it's a takeover operation.
  Now they've got Amazon Sidewalk without asking you that links up to all the cameras in the world and creates an artificial grid tracking you.
  ERCOT asked Texas to reduce electricity use after issuing conservation alert.
  Texas was seconds and minutes away during the ice storm, but it was ERCOT that the Fed said, no, you can't turn up power output because of carbon.
  And it goes on and on and on.
  So I've got this whole stack and I went ahead and covered some of it.
  I could have spent an hour on it.
  And showing you all the documents.
  Look!
  Oh, the Nest system thermostat from Google.
  The Nest is a learning thermostat.
  It's supposed to learn your schedule and usage.
  It will make the decisions.
  You see all this?
  Remember the Samsung TVs like six years ago?
  In their terms of service?
  Watch what you say.
  The TV's watching and listening.
  They're just introducing all this tech and now announcing in Austin robots to be rolling up and down the street making your deliveries.
  This isn't progress.
  This is a takeover of autonomous systems for farming and ranching and auto mechanic and teaching and medicine to make an automaton system just like we see in Metropolis for total dehumanization.
  And then the very people running it tell us they're liberals and they care about humanity.
  It's pure evil.
  Stay with us.
  Well, Roger Waters has really taken Mark Zuckerberg to the woodshed here, ladies and gentlemen, and we're going to get Mark Rondazzo, famous constitutional lawyer, First Amendment lawyers, take on that, the attack on free speech, and so much more.
  But here is his reaction to Zuckerberg wanting to get his iconic music to use it for his own propaganda.
  This is something that I actually put in my folder when I came out here today.
  You have no idea what it is.
  Nobody does.
  Because it arrived on the internet to me this morning.
  It's a request for the rights to use my song, Another Brick in the Wall 2, in the making of a film to promote Instagram.
  So it's a mischief.
  It's emissive from Mark Zuckerberg to me, right?
  I arrived this morning with an offer of a huge, huge amount of money and the answer is f*** you!
  No f***ing way!
  And I only mention that because this is an insidious, it's the insidious movement of them to take over absolutely everything, you know.
  So those of us who do have any power, and I do have a little bit, in terms of the control of the publishing of my songs, I do anyway, so I will not be a party to this bulls**t, Zuckerberg.
  We want to thank you for considering this project.
  We feel that the core sentiment of this song is still so prevalent and necessary today, which speaks to how timeless the work is true.
  And yet, they want to subjourn it.
  They want to use it to make Facebook and Instagram even bigger and more powerful than it already is, so that it can continue to censor all of us in this room and prevent this story about
  Julian Assange getting out to the general public so the general public could go, WHAT?! !
  What?
  No!
  No more!
  Neither must!
  Zuckerberg features in my new rock'n'roll show.
  I've got him sit... No, I shouldn't tell you.
  But... But he does.
  But you think, how did this little prick, who started off by saying, she's pretty, we'll give her a 4 out of 5, she's ugly, we'll give her a 1.
  How the... Did he get any power in any of this?
  Alright, Mr. Waters.
  Pink Floyd with Randy Credico doing a great job trying to get Julian Assange out of prison after all these years being in no man's land.
  We got Mark Rondazza here with us.
  Speaking of what's happened to the founder of WikiLeaks, that's a real tragedy in my views.
  Yeah, you know, I remember back when he first came on the scene, he was a hero of the left.
  I mean, everybody was happy that he was speaking truth to power.
  He was
  Like, giving us information like you hadn't seen since the Pentagon Papers.
  And, you know, it just goes to show, you gotta look at how the political winds shift, and all of a sudden your enemies become your friends, and, you know, we've always been at war with East Asia, and we'll always be at war with East Asia, right?
  Well, that's what Waters said, as he said he'd been reading 1984, strangely enough, Senator Eric Clapton, and it just seems like 1984 is becoming true.
  Well, it's actually becoming true in a way that even Orwell couldn't have expected.
  I mean, it's brilliant.
  We've privatized it.
  You know, the East German Stasi, if you brought East German Stasi agents to America now and said, hey, we have this great system, you don't even have to break into people's apartments in order to put wires to spy on them.
  In fact,
  You don't even need to spy on them.
  You just ask them voluntarily to click, you know, OK to proceed on any website.
  And next thing you know, you are tracking every single thing they do.
  And people are happy with that.
  They're pleased with it.
  Think about it.
  Until like 20 years ago, TV didn't watch you.
  You watched it.
  They didn't know what you were watching.
  Until 20 years ago, magazines, everything, no one knew what you were doing.
  And now it's all tracked by this super class that thinks it's God and they're out of control.
  Yeah, I mean, you know, as Jello Biafra said, give me convenience or give me death, though, but it's, you know, even as much as it bothers me, you know, there's a system at the airport you can sign up for so you can wait in a little shorter line.
  All you have to do is let them scan your retina, your thumbprint, and do a background check on you.
  And even I was like, hey, that sounds great.
  At least I don't have to wait in line anymore.
  But down the road they always take, they use that for control.
  Yes.
  The problem is it looks like a nice piece of cheese until you hit the lever and it breaks your neck.
  Yeah, but it's, you know, it's also difficult to exist in modern society without acquiescing to it.
  Well, that's it.
  They're making us adapt to being slaves.
  Yeah.
  And so how do we counter it?
  I guess when we become conscious, we begin pushing back.
  I mean, you can become conscious and begin pushing back, but then, you know, you've got to find some way to stop shopping online, to stop signing up for things online that you like, stop communicating with your friends on Facebook.
  I'm not smart enough to tell you how to do it, to be honest.
  And it's not just online.
  It's got its own issues.
  You need to shop with people that share your values.
  Yep.
  Agreed.
  Whether it's Mortar Store or online.
  I mean, I am hoping that, you know, some alternate capitalist solution will come out of all this.
  The problem is that they've figured out that if they can make sure that doesn't happen, they can remain in power indefinitely.
  But let's expand on this.
  You know inside baseball handling some of our losses.
  We won't get into those specifically, but you know, unlike every other company, we don't even look at the data.
  We're trying to say truthfully what we're doing and hoping people listen to us.
  That's why we always get sued.
  They go, show us how you're interfacing, how you're using data on your listeners.
  We're not doing it.
  Yeah, I have, you know, I have
  I always have conversations with people about you and this show and how this is run.
  And I don't mind saying it in public.
  You've had a chance to be behind the curtain.
  There's not a curtain.
  No.
  The thing is, they think that because the Huffington Post will write a piece of crap clickbait, and they'll track what keywords might get somebody to come and click on them later on, and CNN might do that, and other news outlets might do that,
  That just doesn't happen here.
  So, you know, I see you do it.
  It's like jazz.
  You know, you're freeform.
  A news story flies onto your desk.
  Well, we're just covering what we think is important.
  Right.
  Because we're in charge.
  Well, it's also old-fashioned television.
  You know, it's like I want to cover what I want to cover and the viewership will work out one way or the other.
  I got contacted by YouTube.
  Like 10 years ago, they go, we want you to talk to this Vice President.
  I get on the phone with them.
  They say, well, you're just like hit and miss, shoot in the dark.
  We want to tell you what works better and work with us.
  And I'm like, I'm not going to like go talk to you about what I want to do and then do it.
  We're just here.
  We're just sitting around a campfire here, Mark.
  Right.
  Talking about news that's happening.
  And your viewers love it.
  So, I mean, it's obviously a successful way to do it.
  And in other places, I mean, I get
  I mean, I've been interviewed by so-called journalists on other outlets who immediately report back to me what kind of clicks they got out of it.
  And I'm like, how do you even know that?
  And how do you know what demographic watched it?
  I mean, I'm just not that versed in SEO and versed in how you track people, but it's just shocking to me.
  But then also, I mean, I've been on some mainstream media outlets that are supposed to be huge, and they'll come to me and say, hey, 800 people read this.
  I'm like, 800 people?
  I sat down with you for an hour to have 800 people see it?
  You know, I mean, it's like, why did we bother?
  It's that's how they've extincted themselves because it becomes a feedback loop.
  Yeah.
  When you start going after what gives you a response, then the system can have a bunch of its fake media put something out to only drop it at the top to make you cover it.
  But still, it's like synthetic.
  It's not real.
  Right, you're not chasing the story, you're chasing the eyeballs.
  And when you're chasing only the eyeballs, you're both framing the story, choosing the stories and framing them in a way that's chasing just those clicks.
  You know, you're just chasing that.
  So how do we fight back against the censorship with Mark Rondazzo's Trade Ahead?
  Stay with us.
  All right, Alex Jones here, back live next hour.
  We've got some very special guests in studio that, believe me, you're not going to want to miss.
  Elijah Schaffer and Savannah Hernandez.
  Getting back to where we were, I wanted to get you on a few weeks ago.
  You were going to be coming to Austin and something came up.
  You couldn't do it.
  Mark Randazzo, famous First Amendment lawyer, one of the top four or five in the country.
  Because I see this talking point, and it's not that it even hurts me when they do it, but they use it against the general viewers and listeners to say, oh, in court Alex Jones admits he's an actor, it's all fake.
  In court, Tucker Carlson admits he's an actor, it's all fake.
  In court, Rachel Maddow admits she's an actor, it's all fake.
  Well, really, and you explain this to me, and that's what I thought it was, there's law out there.
  That shows the boilerplates you're allowed to respond in court to get things thrown out, that basically say, I'm giving opinion, I'm not a journalist, and they have to throw it out.
  And if you use the term journalist, it's something else.
  So they're playing a game with the public.
  Ladies and gentlemen, I'm the opposite of an actor.
  Again, I'll tell the whole story where they originally brought that lie up.
  My ex-wife wanted to
  We're good to go.
  Great guy, Randy Wilhite, the guy that writes the family court law for Texas, his name's in the book.
  Great guy.
  I didn't tell, and they go, oh, his lawyer threw him under the bus, didn't say he's fake.
  No.
  She was saying, I want to use in court against my ex-husband, him dressed up like a satanic clown.
  Well, when the guy played the Joker last year in that movie, should he have his kids taken away?
  The point is, the left misrepresents and plays games.
  You understand the law on this at the highest level.
  Explain it to the viewers.
  I know the viewers get it, but how do we counter this claim that we admit we're actors because of filings saying you can't hold us to this standard?
  Yeah, I mean, look, the mainstream press lies about this kind of thing.
  I mean, in fact, I watched so many bits of reporting on cases that are live, and I know that the reporters not only are either dumb or lying, because you look at it and they'll say something like, yes, you, Rachel Maddow, Tucker Carlson, you know, they admit that they're liars.
  That's not really what they say.
  All right.
  Requires that you look at a speech case in context.
  So look at something in context, say, you know, there's a mainstream source of media that I trust.
  I mean, if I look at something in the Wall Street Journal, I generally trust their news reporting.
  And I look at that and I expect that they're packaging it in a truthful... They're claiming they're the highest standard of truth, whereas I'm running around like a joker screaming, it's obvious I'm making a joke.
  Well look, punditry is different than reporting.
  So, when Rachel Maddow comes on, I mean, I didn't like it when Fox News even reported Rachel Maddow admits that everything she says is a lie.
  That's not what happened.
  When you watch Rachel Maddow, you're expecting to get news commentary.
  You're expecting to get the news infused with her opinion.
  Same thing you expect to get from Tucker Carlson, and same thing I expect to get from you.
  And everyone knows for thousands of years a debate is not carved in stone the law.
  We're just having a debate, so it's going to be wild.
  Right.
  So if you have this conversation, you have your commentary added to it, you know, what you have to do is look at it and say, you know, would a moron in a hurry think that this is a complete statement of fact?
  Or is this your way of explaining your view through what's going on in the press today?
  That's how I look at it.
  That's how anybody with any kind of good faith should look at it.
  You know, you have people who want to tear you down or any other alternative media.
  You know, the reason they go after Assange is the same reason.
  They don't want, they don't want there to be press that isn't part of the club.
  And let's be clear, it's not like it's some Achilles heel with us.
  I just see thousands of tweets a day.
  I'm trying to look at them.
  People ask me in the street, are you really just an actor?
  And I think the public's smart.
  I don't project ignorance on them like the globalists do.
  They're like, no, I'm not an actor.
  Well, you're in Waking Life.
  You're in Scandid Arkley.
  Well, I once played a part.
  Doesn't mean my radio show is an act.
  I mean, I'm covering news here.
  You can go by what I'm saying.
  So they're playing this game.
  But really, it's the corporate media that more and more is not journalistic.
  They're taking a corporate press release.
  Yes.
  Disguising it as news, so they're the ones that have lost credibility in my view.
  To me, yeah.
  I mean, there was a time when I was in journalism school, the end all be all.
  I would have done anything to work at the New York Times or the Washington Post.
  But now, I would be ashamed to look at my children if I worked for them.
  And that's really the argument.
  Journalism in the old days was every witness, every angle, almost at a legal level of proof.
  That hardly exists anymore, and real journalists at ABC News for Red Slime get sued or, you know, whatever happens.
  So now they call themselves journalists, but you read a New York Times or Wall Street Journal article, when you've been on the inside of it, it's some of the fakest news you've ever seen.
  I mean, and I've seen bloggers that almost nobody's heard of who have such more of a commitment to the truth, more of a commitment to getting both sides, more of a commitment to really trying to tell the story the best they can.
  Well that's it, it's showing both sides and all the time they say, we asked Alex for a response and they send it one second before they publish.
  Yeah.
  There's no way to respond.
  Right.
  And, you know, I very rarely responded for you.
  I mean, I've responded for you on press inquiries and very rarely do I respond thinking you're going to get any kind of fair treatment.
  Sometimes that's always my response.
  I mean, we can't trust you.
  You know, I always ask myself when I look at the person's writing and I say, if you're going to introduce him as conspiracy theorist Alex Jones, I don't have any respect for you because what the hell does that mean?
  What is a conspiracy theorist?
  Why can't they just say talk show host?
  Because you are not part of the club.
  You're not in the cool kids club according to them.
  You don't go to the national press club and all sit with your arm around each other laughing at the end of the year because you're all part of the same system.
  There's a reason that they want to have control centralized.
  There's a reason that they want to drive you off the air, and it's not just you, but you're kind of a poster child for it.
  Well, that's it.
  I've become a chew toy for a bunch of government pinchers that are the establishment.
  Where do you see this going?
  Because the mainstream media has lost all credibility, so they think destroying their competition is going to save them?
  As fast as they destroy me, a hundred more will spring up.
  Well, unless you make a good enough example of you.
  And that I think is their, you know, that's their psyop.
  If you can make a good enough example of somebody, maybe everybody else will play by their rules.
  And I don't think that's a good thing for the marketplace of ideas.
  I wish there would be a thousand more voices, you know, not just funnel it into the major networks.
  I mean, I think there needs to be a hardcore communist talk show.
  I think there needs to be somebody who's on the other fringe.
  I think there needs to be people.
  Oh, I agree.
  I want to hear it all.
  I want to tune into the Libertarian Channel, the Communist Channel, the Christian Channel, the Satanism Channel.
  I want to be able to see it all and make my decision.
  Yeah, look, I mean, one guy that I really revere is Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, who was really the father of First Amendment jurisprudence in Abrams v. United States when he came out and said, the marketplace of ideas is where we should decide how content is judged.
  We shouldn't decide it beforehand.
  We shouldn't have
  Exactly.
  What's true and accurate and fulfilling will go to the top.
  B.S.
  will go to the bottom.
  Right.
  And look, it's also possible for people to have different perspectives on facts.
  I mean, I have literally looked at facts from different perspectives in different cases where
  You know, I can say that somebody's experience might color how they see a fact, but people should be free to share those facts, should be free to share that perspective, and for God's sakes, you should be free to ask questions of power, ask questions of the official narrative.
  Don't trust anybody!
  You know, there should be a full investigation by any informed citizen.
  But, you know, there was a time when you didn't have that.
  You had a couple of networks and that was it.
  I mean, imagine at the time when you had the Halcyon days of three networks and that's it.
  And if those three networks didn't come after you, nobody was coming after you.
  If those three networks didn't report the truth that you were trying to hide, that truth didn't come out.
  I like that we have a proliferation of voices, but like we had in the early internet, we had a lot of different voices, and all of the online platforms were saying, hey, this is not our job.
  Our job is just to be a conduit.
  And now they've decided to enter the political arena, enter the political game, link arms with the political party.
  Because there's incredible power in information management.
  We come back.
  I'm saying that if I've done wrong, I should be arrested, but then what should happen to those that have done a lot more than I've done?
  This is going to be important.
  We'll talk about it with Attorney at Law, Mark Randazzo.
  I don't know what's going on around here.
  It's like the whole country, it's falling apart.
  Just the way it's all going.
  And that's fine and dandy.
  But getting back to Mark Randazza here.
  Mark, if we give up on speech, we give up on America.
  Agreed.
  And the left is so into getting rid of free speech.
  It's just pathetic and it's so dangerous.
  Yeah, well, you know, one of the problems I think we always have is people tend to want to go with their tribe rather than their principles.
  I mean, 20 years ago, even 15 years ago, it was the right that hated free speech in America.
  And it was unfortunate because, you know, I spent a lot of time fighting that.
  And then it just flipped over.
  And now you've got the left that wants to eradicate free speech, but on a different principle.
  They want to do it because they believe so certainly that they are right about whatever it is that they're promoting today that they don't think that dissent is actually patriotic anymore.
  They don't think that anything that they have to say should be questioned.
  And that's dangerous because at some point that calcifies into somebody being in permanent power and the only way to dislodge them is through means that are not very civilized.
  Exactly.
  Speech allows us, and the law allows us, to not have war.
  It allows us to do disputes differently.
  And you get rid of that, these idiots are like, hey, we'll just get rid of speech, we win.
  No, you cause a war, dumbass!
  Right, and they think they've been so clever by saying, well, it's not the government, it's privatized.
  Well, but it is government.
  You know, I observed a case that I wasn't involved in, but there was a guy, Shiva, I don't even know how to pronounce his last name, but he was running for Senate in Massachusetts.
  I do, right.
  Right.
  And Shiva had found out that the Attorney General in Massachusetts called Twitter and asked them to shut off his account.
  Now, how are you telling me that's just a private company?
  He handled that case by himself, and I tell you, he did a damn good job at it.
  I was very impressed with his arguments.
  Well, that's what Ted Cruz, the Senator, said is, we have proof that big tech works with the Democrats to control opposition and block things, so now you're not just a private company, you're like racketeering with government.
  I think so, but I also think, you know, Ted's been in the Senate a while.
  I don't know why he hasn't pushed for more, you know, for the antitrust division at the DOJ to actually come to work with him.
  I totally agree.
  You have Elizabeth Warren saying,
  That the Capitol rioters have been in jail without due process.
  We need more Republicans to do it.
  To be in jail without due process?
  No, no, no.
  To say, let people out.
  Yeah, I mean, you gotta, you have to give credit where it's due.
  And if Elizabeth Warren is saying that there's a problem with that, listen to her.
  But, you know, you don't have, you have so few people willing to be bipartisan.
  I think, in part, because the way our electoral system works, you got two gangs, the Democrats and the Republicans.
  You gotta run to the extreme fringe to win a primary, and then what you wind up with
  Is just a bunch of lunatics in Congress who don't really want to do anything except perpetuate their own power.
  You know, and if one of them could wake up one day and go over to Elizabeth Warren's office, if a Republican go over there and say, hey, what do you say we go over to the DOJ and ask the Antitrust Division if they want to get their feet off the table and go to goddamn work today?
  You know, maybe go out to Silicon Valley and do your jobs.
  But they don't want to do that.
  That might rock the political fundraising.
  Well, here's my statement.
  I've said things live on air, tongue in cheek.
  That have been edited and put together, that have been hurtful, and that were probably not true.
  But it wasn't on purpose.
  It was in the nature of hyperbole and debate.
  But I didn't lie about WMDs in Iraq knowingly.
  I didn't build slave camps like Apple at Foxconn with suicide nets.
  I didn't lie about the Serbs and then bomb them, or lie about the Croats and bomb them, or lie about... I mean, I wasn't involved in all these big, giant events, and then corporate media points at me and says, there's the worst
  Man in the world, he deserves to have his free speech taken away when the New York Times lied about WMD aluminum tubes.
  And so that's all I'm saying is, okay, execute me.
  For questioning Jussie Smollett or Sandy Hook or WMDs in Iraq, you're not supposed to question.
  But what happens to those that knowingly lied, like Jussie Smollett or like George W. Bush?
  That's all I'm asking.
  They're held up as these angels, these great people, and I just end up questioning everything because we've been lied to so much, and I'm the devil.
  So if I'm wrong about questioning something,
  Execute me.
  Open that file so everybody else knew about what happened with Jeffrey Epstein.
  Where was the mainstream media?
  Nobody was around.
  New York Times didn't care, in their own backyard, to find out why that file was shut down.
  To the Miami Herald's credit, Julie Brown there, who's a great reporter, finally showed up about a year afterwards, so we were there alongside with them.
  But I remember the Second Circuit Court of Appeals in New York, one of the judges asked me, well, is Mr. Cernovich actually a credible journalist?
  And I said, well, you mean like who?
  Like the New York Times?
  I said, because if you brought them in here, I would say he's a heck of a lot more credible than them.
  Because yes, he didn't lie about WMDs and get millions of people killed and destabilize an entire region.
  And I saw that in the news.
  That destroyed them.
  They didn't know how to respond.
  No, they didn't.
  At first, they thought I was joking.
  Well, that's how it's going to work in all these cases with us.
  Like, you are evil.
  You are bad for this mistake.
  And it's like, he without sin, let him cast the first stone.
  Yeah, I mean, look, I think a lot of people, I mean, I had never seen the show Homeland until recently.
  I think a lot of people think they know who you are because they look at the character in Homeland that was based on your voice, apparently.
  You know, they try to say, that's you.
  And it's not.
  Oh, yeah.
  They have like the guy that plays me.
  They're like, he'll kick Alex's ass in a boxing match.
  And yeah, you know who Alex is like that.
  That movie has nothing to do with me.
  That's them.
  Like huge rooms of fake news and thousands of employees lying.
  I don't have any of that stuff.
  Yeah, look, I mean, I see it myself.
  I mean, I'm not in the press as much as you are, but every time I see it, I gotta look at it and just laugh at how much bunk there is about it.
  So, instead of the media stopping lying after Trump beat him, they doubled down.
  What do you think happens to them now that they have less credibility than ever?
  Well, now we have a real crisis in, you know, in a representative democracy when who the hell can you trust?
  I mean, the fact that the press has is the press is one of the only professions, the press and attorneys are the two only the two professions that are protected constitutionally.
  And to see that you have that kind of just power and that kind of exalted position enshrined by the founders.
  And to take that and do what much of the mainstream press has done with it.
  And I'm not just pointing to the left at CNN.
  I don't think Fox has been that great either.
  I don't think MSNBC is just a joke.
  I wouldn't use their scripts for toilet paper.
  When there's nobody left to trust, who do you trust?
  I mean, there are a few people I trust.
  You know, Matt Taibbi, I think, does a pretty good job.
  You know, when you see something in the New York Times from, say, Kashmir Hill, you can trust it.
  But if you asked me to sit down and impanel a 12-person jury full of journalists that I trust, I don't think I'd be able to do it.
  And that is really troubling in a democracy when you need people to be informed in order to vote.
  Otherwise, all we have is people running around reading what fiction they want to believe and then voting based on that.
  I don't know how you run a democracy that way.
  And what I'm seeing happen is even leftist so-called journalists
  That five months ago went, no, Alex Jones did not call for the insurrection of the Capitol, the riot, and Alex Jones was, you know, said that he was helping with donors fund the Ellipse event that was peaceful a mile away.
  They now, those same hosts, edit that together.
  Sure.
  Put out 50 second clips and go arrest him.
  He is admitting that he launched the attack.
  Because they're chasing the click.
  They're chasing the click, not the facts.
  And you gotta, when you're a journalist, you gotta chase the facts no matter where they get you.
  Not chase it just until you can get enough clicks.
  I mean, I don't even know how anybody says you had anything to do with the insurrection.
  I saw the video of you yelling at people not to storm the Capitol, not to act that way.
  And the fact that, you know, you may have funded a rally a mile or so away, well, that's the First Amendment in action.
  You're allowed to do that.
  We were trying to get a 10-day investigation by the Senate.
  The last thing we wanted was an attack on the Capitol.
  The right of the people to peaceably assemble?
  I saw you doing that.
  I saw you exercising your right to free speech.
  I mean, if I saw you actually saying, go in there and storm the Capitol, I wouldn't defend you for that.
  But I wouldn't want that either because it made us look like idiots.
  Yes.
  I mean, the motto's not even there.
  Mark Rondazza, how do folks find you?
  You know, just Randazza, R-A-N-D-A-Z-Z-A dot com.
  That's the best way to find me.
  All right, Mark J. Randazza, thank you so much for the time.
  We've got the other big, huge COVID news that I've got to hit coming up then.
  We're going to have Savannah Hernandez and others here in studio with us, and we've got another special report coming up.
  Mark, thank you so much for the time, brother.
  My pleasure.
  Great show.
  Thank you.
  Great job to the crew.
  All right, that's it for our number two.
  Our number three, straight ahead in T-minus 60 seconds.
  All right, Elijah Schaffer and Savannah Hernandez of Slightly Offensive are going to be with us coming up here in about 10-15 minutes.
  I've got huge news on the COVID-19 takeover and their plan for universal ID, social credit score, vaccine passport rolling out in America.
  We have the documents.
  That is next segment.
  I'm going to hit all the big news today.
  I've already hit about half of it.
  I usually hit about 10% of it, but today we've already launched through a lot of it.
  I think we've done a pretty good job with Mark Randazza and, of course, Roger Stone, and then we're going to have Elijah Schaefer and Savannah Hernandez coming up.
  But here is a quick little important piece, the preconditioning of New World Order horror.
  It's in the John Bowne section at Bandai Video.
  Here it is.
  It's an incriminal takeover.
  I mean, the quickening is here.
  Every movie, every show is now coming out with dystopic mass death, planetary extermination, robots killing us under you in command because they're preconditioning everyone to accept that and that is the future that's about to unfold.
  And I mean, the video games, the movies, all of it.
  This is the genetic engineering mad scientist revolution.
  You see, we fought Hitler in World War II, and the Soviet Union in the Cold War, and, you know, we've got China as this big enemy, but it's really the mad scientist's laboratory.
  He grabbed a book and he said, it's like Mal's Red Book.
  And I was like, man, that's what I was thinking!
  And it was just really cool to hear him make that connection.
  Robots invading the U.S., U.N.
  slaughtering everybody because of climate change.
  Climate change is just the excuse for total collapse.
  All the globalists are actually collapsing things.
  This is not a joke.
  You know what the Joint Chiefs told us the greatest threat facing America was?
  Global warming.
  The public's not gonna wake up and stop this anyways.
  They don't want to.
  We're cursed.
  We kill our babies.
  We kill our old people.
  Planned Parenthood quietly released their latest annual report last week, revealing a new record for abortions in a single year.
  Look, whether a person died in a hospital or died in a nursing home,
  It's... People died.
  People died.
  I was in a hospital, I got transferred to a nursing home.
  And my father died.
  My father was in a nursing home, got transferred to a hospital.
  My father died.
  But who cares?
  33, 28, died in a hospital, died in a nursing home.
  They died.
  I just guess prepare to have everything collapsed and destroyed and to die.
  I mean, I guess that's just really it.
  That's the wages of sin.
  That's Satanism.
  And so that's who we are.
  If we don't really respond and really get upset and really recognize the globalists carrying out this controlled collapse of the world, then doom is where we're going.
  Because this mad scientist evil, this post-humanist evil, has figured out all the angles.
  And the only way you beat it is recognizing the angles and it's full spectrum assault and then do the exact opposite.
  You know, the worst thing is reading all these federal documents and how they know by design that they're giving the young people shots now that are going to mess up their hearts, livers, and brains and lungs for life, which is not going to be very long.
  It's a sacrifice to the youth and that pleases their God.
  And also it's going to weigh down and hurt their families and cause great anguish in their families.
  Because you're supposed to bury your parents not bury your children.
  And the system thinks it's got a plan to manage that and be able to gaslight the public to not make sure that Bill Gates and
  Klaus Schwab and Anthony Fauci and the rest of them get sent to supermax prisons for it.
  And they're using high-tech psychology to control everybody.
  And so the only way to beat them is to reject everything they say and everything they do and not buy a damn word comes out of their mouth and to shun them.
  Infowars is here because there's a war on for your mind.
  That's why it's been our motto for more than 25 years.
  And if you research even the UN's own admissions, over 2 billion people on planet Earth out of 7.5 billion have cognitive disabilities, lower IQ because of lack of iodine.
  That's why they work to make sure iodine isn't in the food, isn't in the salt anymore.
  Now regular iodine that you find
  in food is bound to different minerals, and so it's hard for your body to absorb.
  But if you get the proper type of iodine, there's three types that are good for the body, it does amazing things.
  It's essential in the body.
  Well, we have our amazing Tri-Iodine, a big shipment came in, and so we're able to offer it at the lowest price ever, 60% off.
  That is Survival Shield X3, 60% off with three types of powerful iodine.
  Tri-Iodine is from a patented
  We are now into our number three broadcasting worldwide.
  I am your host, Alex Jones.
  All right, so this is a really, really big story and it affects every single person, not just in the United States, but across the world.
  And so I'm going to be hitting this key report for you right now that deals with the plan of how they're going to roll out the contact tracers, how they're going to come claim you've got COVID when you're totally well and disappear you into a FEMA camp where they will then put a ventilator in your lungs, turn it up while you're chained down and kill you.
  Again, I don't say these things for shock.
  People figure this out now.
  Their actual plan is to murder you and your family and harvest your organs right in front of them, and the average leftist will do it with total enjoyment.
  I'm going to get into that in just a moment, but let's go ahead and hit the headlines currently of their murder operation against humanity.
  The Hill, CDC says vaccine linked to heart inflammation is stronger than previously thought.
  They knew day one in studies 20 years ago, 15 years ago, 10 years ago, and 12 years ago, in 2012 at UT, that it killed almost all the rats that were given a vaccine meant to counter the protein in a COVID virus, in a coronavirus.
  And now that's your all-powerful hill telling you the same thing that, oh my god, there's massive heart attacks, massive blood clots, massive brain damage, massive death, but it's okay because they're liberal.
  Just die!
  If Tim Cook was all muscular and camo doing this, he'd be in prison.
  But he's like, oh, I'm Tim Cook.
  Bill Gates has a pink sweater on.
  Continuing, UK researchers warn government COVID-19 vaccines unsafe for use in humans in a major announcement.
  Try to share that on Facebook or YouTube or Twitter, you're banned because they're in on the murder.
  They're complicit.
  They're not just jerks, they're eugenicists.
  Worse than disease, Dr. Stephanie Sernoff sounds off on COVID jab at her shocking jump in vaccine deaths reported at VAERS tracking site.
  And now they've got a new average.
  They usually say 10 to 100 times each case doesn't get reported.
  For every case there's 10 to 100 don't get reported.
  They've now got an algorithm number of 42 deaths for every death reported.
  Corporate recruiter warns energy companies to replace vaccinated employees within three years because they're going to be transitioning on to death.
  It's the video.
  99% of what we do is just what's already happening admitted.
  We just give our view on it.
  Cobert Show, Stephen Colbert, with Lab Leak, Liberal, Twitter, Explodes.
  And actually, going out to break, I'm going to air that clip for folks.
  So we have lots of time to get ready for our next guest.
  Continuing, Fox 2016 reporter informs Network, live on air, she's blowing the whistle on them.
  I've talked to Project Veritas, that's dropping tomorrow.
  It is huge.
  And it goes on from there, how they're bankrupting the economy, Biden over at the G7 attacking unvaccinated.
  It is insane.
  Now, let's move on.
  To this report that's so huge that in the first hour of the war room today, 3 p.m., they're going to be covering this report in detail.
  This is the smoking gun.
  This is the blueprint.
  This is the plan.
  This is everything.
  How are they going to implement the social credit score?
  Claim it's a medical ID.
  Claim it's a medical passport.
  How are they going to do that?
  Through the health departments.
  How are they going to do that?
  Health departments will give you $5,000 fines a day if you don't submit and register who's vaccinated and who isn't so you can then punish and persecute those that haven't been injected with your Franken system and have them fired or have contact tracers come to harass them at their homes.
  Natural News did a great job reporting on this, but it gets much worse than their article.
  California County demands all businesses produce vaccination status records on employees and turn them over to the government.
  Here's the order of the Health Office of the County of Santa Clara, May 18th.
  We're just now learning about it, because they're implementing it.
  Here is one of the most populous counties in California, with 3 plus million people in it.
  Here is a list of the people, 900,000 in San Jose alone.
  Here's the self-certification of vaccination status, where you opt into their tyranny, yourself all laid out for you to have your job.
  Here's Sarah Cody, Epidemic Intelligence Services Officer.
  It's an intelligence operative of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
  You think of the CIA as the problem.
  They're nothing compared to the Medical Corps Intelligence Officers.
  I told you, they run all of it.
  The Medical Corps Intelligence Officers are the highest level of everything.
  Continuing.
  She runs the whole thing as a beta test for the rest of the country for forced inoculations, contact tracers.
  Look at that demon woman.
  Look at that monster turned over to evil.
  Public health order frequently asked questions.
  It goes into all of it.
  And then it details the $5,000 a day fines, the contact tracers coming to your home, the tracker chips, the ID passport systems on your phones, not being able to have a job unless you've done it, making the co-workers and everyone spy on you, claiming HIPAA does not conform to this, even though they're making you give them your medical records.
  Absolute bullying, criminal activity.
  Under what circumstances would an employer have to share employees' vaccination information with them under order?
  All of it with the contact tracers.
  It's going to be covered.
  Coming up, ladies and gentlemen, today at 3 p.m.
  with The War Room in great detail.
  You'll want to tune in to that.
  But here is Jon Stewart on the program.
  I didn't speed this up.
  They sped it up for Twitter.
  Starts out slow, speeds up.
  Admitting that it came out of the Wuhan lab and boy is he getting attacked.
  But it just proves how we're tomorrow's news today.
  Because the whistleblowers are coming out and the globalists aren't all powerful.
  Here's the report.
  We'll be back with our special guest in studio.
  What do you mean by that?
  Do you mean like there's a chance that this was created in a lab?
  There's an investigation?
  A chance?
  Well, if there is evidence, I'd love to hear it.
  I just don't know.
  There's a novel respiratory coronavirus overtaking Wuhan, China.
  What do we do?
  Oh, you know who we could ask?
  The Wuhan Novel Respiratory Coronavirus Lab.
  The disease is the same name as the lab.
  That's just a little too weird, don't you think?
  And then they ask those scientists, they're like, how did this... So wait a minute, you work at the Wuhan Respiratory Coronavirus Lab.
  How did this happen?
  And they're like, a pangolin kissed a turtle.
  And you're like, no!
  The name of your lab!
  If you look at the name!
  Look at the name!
  Let me see your business card!
  Show me your business card.
  Oh, I work at the coronavirus lab in Wuhan.
  Oh, because there's a coronavirus loose in Wuhan.
  How did that happen?
  Maybe a bat flew into the cloaca of a turkey, and then it sneezed into my chili, and now we all have coronavirus.
  OK, OK, OK.
  Wait a second, wait a second.
  What about this?
  Listen to this.
  Wait a second.
  Alright, oh my god.
  Oh my god.
  There's been an outbreak of chocolatey goodness near Hershey, Pennsylvania.
  What do you think happened?
  Like, oh, I don't know.
  Maybe a steam shovel made it with a cocoa bean.
  Or it's the f***ing chocolate factory.
  Maybe that's it.
  That could be.
  Live from Austin, Texas, Elijah Schaffer and the incredible Vixen reporter Savannah Hernandez!
  Wow!
  Well, I gotta say, Elijah Schaefer and Savannah have incredible energy.
  I'm right here in the middle of the trifecta.
  You guys are awesome.
  I'm so glad you're in Austin.
  Good to meet you in person, brother.
  Good to meet you in person, too, man.
  Savannah, good to see you.
  You are looking amazing as usual.
  Thank you for having me back.
  Doing a great job, got great energy.
  Thank you, thank you.
  I'm gonna shut up now.
  You guys have the floor.
  No, you know, this is the thing.
  Somebody just made fun of me.
  They thought it was a burn.
  They were going, oh, it's the InfoWars guy, because I, of course, have publicly stated
  Many times that you are the one who got me into politics.
  You know how?
  How?
  Because I didn't know that I was I was bending towards a anti-government stance on the world and I was just growing up in LA.
  I knew I was a little bit different than everyone around me.
  And then somebody pointed me to the Obama deception.
  Oh, yeah.
  And I ended up watching this thing and I was like, and I was around there and I had been introduced to child pet, like pedophile rings when I was a child.
  I was, I was a child and I had experience and had friends who people tried to get in to pedophile rings and nobody was talking about it.
  And I was like, who the hell?
  Like, why is this not news?
  Like, I had teenagers who were getting solicited to be a part of sex rings with adults in Hollywood for free club entrances and stuff, and then you were talking about it, and I was like, this is a legit guy.
  Well, I've followed your work for a long time, but I didn't know that.
  We gotta get you on, there's a whole other interview covered today, my goodness.
  Wow.
  Yeah, Alex, it's actually pretty crazy working with Elijah because, you know, we talk about a lot of the things and we have bonded over a lot of the things that you woke us up to.
  And of course, you've been pivotal to waking up so many people in this space, in politics, myself included.
  Again, you know, you say that we have great energy, but who do you think we're mirroring?
  Yeah.
  Alex Jones, okay?
  That's amazing.
  Can we all scream a little bit?
  Sorry, Sean, in the back of the audio guy, my bad, my bad.
  Everyone's ears are broken.
  You guys came in here and like, I was not depressed today, but kind of down and tired.
  It was like a wave came in.
  First Savannah, I was like, whoa!
  And then Elijah, like, bam!
  I was like, what the hell's going on?
  It's just like pure Americana in this room right now.
  I wish you guys could really feel the energy in the room.
  It's pretty spectacular, what can I say?
  But you just told me, you came back to your former town, Austin.
  It has really gone down.
  I mean, you were saying, it's still a beautiful town, but my God.
  A hundred percent.
  I was driving past City Hall because, you know, Owen's been reporting a lot on how there's just ten cities in front of Austin City Hall now.
  I went down there to go see it.
  They broke it up yesterday morning and it got a bit violent.
  And, yeah, I was mostly concerned as to why there was, I would imagine, taxpayer-funded porta-potties and trash cans at City Hall for the homeless there.
  So this city's out of control.
  I don't know what the hell's going on up here.
  It's disgusting.
  Yeah, it's gross up here.
  It looks like L.A.!
  Every road you drive down is scary.
  Yeah, I was coming in here, and it took me 15 minutes to get through two signals, and I go, the traffic, the homelessness, and I'm swerving around trash to get to the studio, there's a popped tire and this broken crate in the street, I'm going, somebody pick it up!
  Yeah, for folks that don't know, there's like, homeless, like, a couple hundred yards every direction, we're just surrounded by, like, meth-head insane homeless.
  Yeah, they are warriors of the deep state.
  By the way, two years ago, there wasn't one out here.
  Not one.
  It's like a zombie apocalypse out here.
  Alex, when you moved me out here, it was the last legs of Austin being a beautiful city.
  And because I moved here, and because Mayor Adler, the Democrat mayor, destroyed this city first hand, and I got to watch it, that is why I feel so passionately about bad Democrat leadership.
  So let me ask you, he summoned them here.
  What is the point?
  Well, because the point is they're transients and they bring down the city, they move the Overton window of what is acceptable in society.
  So when you start saying you can be a gross, degenerate person, do drugs full-time, leech off the government, attack people in the streets, this creates a standard in the city for what is normal.
  And this allows evil people to get away.
  That's it, it's cloud and pivot.
  It's cloud and pivot and collapses.
  Yeah, so it allows the evil people to get away with what they want, because they're like, well, at least we're not as gross and disgusting.
  I'm not talking about homeless people.
  Homeless people are people who go through hard times, and they get out of those times.
  These are transients.
  These are full-time drug addict transients.
  These are full-time criminal drug addict devil worshippers, who, I agree, who then become a distraction for the bigger guys doing bigger stuff.
  Well yeah, because then everyone's so worried about their city falling apart and the grossness.
  If they can't get you divided on gender, on race, if they can't get you divided on anything else, they'll get you just divided on the fact that your city's gross.
  So while they're stealing land and running scams, you're busy worried because a guy on methamphetamine and fentanyl is waving a machete down the road.
  Yeah, in front of a gay flag though.
  They raised, I think we saw that clip right there.
  They have the gay flag on air and they put it up and they like raise it up and then there's homeless people around it and they want you to be happy with their work simply because they have a rainbow flag.
  It's like, we're selling fentanyl and we're having sex in the street and crapping on the street, but there's a gay flag.
  Yeah, you know, that always makes it okay, just like Black Lives Matter.
  As long as you're saying Black Lives Matter, it's okay if you destroy, loot, you know, burn anything down that you want to.
  As long as it's for BLM, Antifa, or the LGBTQ cult.
  Wow, so you've been all over the country, Elijah, Savannah.
  What do you see happening next?
  I'm actually scared for the country.
  I'm not scared.
  I'm literally prepared for what's ahead.
  I've been preparing for this.
  In a non-violent way, in a peaceful way, I've known that the country was falling apart, and then the accelerationists took it to the next level, and now what I'm finding is
  You know, even the FBI recently is talking and is getting afraid of that QAnon people are, they're saying, are going to start getting violent in the streets and they're gaslighting the public saying, and they're saying things that probably are not true, as the FBI likes to say, but they're prepping people for violence.
  And I'm, I get scared for the country when the intelligence agencies are sort of stoking the populace to get violent.
  And that's what I see a lot coming out of, out of, out of DC.
  And I'm like,
  A warning to people, please do not attack each other.
  Do not get violent towards each other.
  That's not the answer right now, is to start getting out in the streets and being violent.
  That's not the answer.
  And if the intelligence agencies, if people are telling you to do something like that, be warned because I believe they are gaslighting the public.
  That's right, they're trying to create a weird civil war.
  Yeah.
  It seems like a million years ago, but like a year and a half ago, the middle of the election, you caught them, Savannah, burning down downtown the homeless camps Antifa, which they now do all the time.
  They tried to say we did it.
  I mean, what is that?
  I mean, that was just a perfect example of how manipulative our media is, how they are being used as a propaganda tool to basically, you know, manipulate everyone in society today.
  It's so difficult to even listen to the news because it's like you have to push back against 10 different layers of manipulation and lies before you actually get the real story of what's going on in our own country.
  And, you know, like you said, Alex, like time and time again, the media has lied about you.
  They've lied about us.
  Nobody's safe.
  And, you know, Elijah, you always like to talk about how what conservatives fail,
  Downwards?
  A high school for teaching first graders about masturbation, or something like that, that girl did.
  They'll find that woman, they'll give her a better position.
  Sure, she'll get kicked out from the populace, because no one wants that disgusting, degenerate sexualization of children happening, but they go, oh, boom, she's somebody who we can use, we can manipulate.
  Now she'll have a better position, they'll keep her out of the public for six months, a year.
  This is what they do, Jeffrey Toobin, this is how they work with people.
  They take them out for six months, a year, they die things down, they get control of them, and they put them back out with more power.
  The Catholic Church, when it was getting taken over, now endorsing abortion officially, they would protect the priest, keep him out six months, and put him back in.
  I had not heard that.
  Disgusting.
  Yeah, and that's just what it is.
  These are the same people for every generation, for every country, who do not want people to be in control of their own lives.
  They do not want you to have a family.
  They do not want you to raise your kids right.
  They don't want you to serve God.
  They want you to be a victim of the state.
  All right, Elijah Schaffer and Savannah Hernandez are in Fuego.
  We're going to talk to these two great activists on the other side about their amazing adventures and more.
  Very blessed to have them.
  I'm Alex Jones with InfoWars.com, at Elijah Schaffer on YouTube, and we'll tell you about Savannah Hernandez on Gab and YouTube, Odyssey.
  Elijah Schaefer and the great Savannah Hernandez are here in studio.
  And I just had the crew hand me this from mainstream news 10 years ago.
  ERCOT that took over Texas Energy said we'll control your thermostats by remote control.
  It's now happening today.
  But getting back to you guys, you guys are, as I said, on fire.
  What is front and center for you, Elijah?
  What's front and center for you, Savannah?
  Yeah, well, I mean, when you're talking about what even matters in the country right now, what matters to me is talking to Andy Ngo about this earlier, is that the red states are being targeted by the Democrats in a power move in the fact that Julián Castro, Beto O'Rourke, people that are highly unpopular in Texas, are being elevated and given platforms by foreign investment and money from California and New York.
  And I'm watching as the borders are shipping in illegals and flying them around on a generational plan to basically get voters, bring illegals into red states.
  I'm watching them push them into red states while putting money into politicians that are not supported in order to take power of these states.
  This is all done militarily.
  Yeah, I'm seeing a takeover of the red strongholds through a multi-decade plan that they have if their first plan doesn't work by using the illegals that they're shipping in on planes and just letting free in the country.
  So, number one, they're pumping their money into our states.
  By the way, he's the guy that said we should pay for men to have abortions.
  Is that a man?
  Oh, that's Julian Castro.
  Sorry, I didn't know who that was.
  I thought that was a transgender.
  Kinda looks like it a little bit.
  Yeah, I'm not, and you know, so be it.
  If Julian Castro is transgender, so be it.
  But also, he's a very pretty face.
  Very well-groomed.
  A little more than the average man.
  Julian Castro is from San Antonio.
  Nobody likes him over there.
  Nobody.
  Nobody likes Mayor Nuremberg either, because again, another Democrat mayor.
  That is ruining a once beautiful city.
  We're seeing our entire state right now just come under this complete and total control of these insane liberal leftists.
  I actually shot a man on the street the other day where I was asking LGBTQ members what they thought of the American flag and I had people calling me and they were like, were you at a pride parade?
  And I was like, no, I was just walking the streets of Dallas.
  Those are just the people walking around.
  The streets of Dallas are a pride parade.
  The streets of Dallas are literally a pride parade because there's so many degenerate people just walking around with their boobs out, with like pasties on it.
  Well that's when my wife went to see her dad in Omaha a few weeks ago and she said, since I was there a year ago, there's all these really ugly men with big beards in dresses.
  Yeah.
  And it was just like, what's up with that?
  It's so uncomfortable.
  And this is the interesting thing, is they're pumping into our states, but in the meantime, what I'm concerned about is that there's two empires living in the same country.
  Meaning, the global American empire that has their rainbow flag, that they've raised it, and they've conquered this country, and you know that they're in power, and they're more powerful than Americans, because if you try to give respect to the American flag, you're seen as a bigot.
  But if you give respect to the gay flag, you're seen as obedient, and it's like, you should, you're expected to, and if you don't, ostracize.
  Exactly, they've created a fifth column.
  So where does it go?
  Well, this is what it is.
  People talk about the Civil War.
  Quite frankly, it already happened.
  They divided the country strategically and have already set up a new nation.
  We were colonized and conquered already.
  You're a minority.
  If you love America, if you think you're living in America, you're living in an old country that doesn't exist anymore.
  I love what you're saying.
  You're right.
  We've already been conquered.
  We're already inside the New World Order.
  Yeah, this is it.
  Like, people say, oh, what is the Great Reset?
  You are living in it.
  What is the New World Order?
  Welcome to it.
  I mean, the fact that we even have trending right now that Gavin Newsom is trying to push a vaccine passport.
  The fact that's trending and it's a normal thing and nobody's pushing back against it.
  You know, there's so many different layers and issues that we could be talking about, Alex, whether it's the vaccine, whether it's the LGBT community.
  But it's everything that's known tyranny is being pushed.
  Exactly, exactly.
  It's like we're already here, we're at the point, and when are people finally going to get angry enough and wake up and push back?
  We are seeing countless people being hurt and killed by the vaccine every single day.
  You can't even talk about it without getting completely obliterated off of social media and silenced, unless you come on places like InfoWars that allow freedom of speech to talk about what's actually going on in this country.
  Yeah, you know, we are in it now, and of course, we haven't lost the fighting spirit at all, and that's extremely important, but this is what is happening in our country now.
  I mean, I agree with you.
  It's like people that buy these Google Assist and things that they admit listen to them, they can't believe when I tell them it's listening to them.
  I've got ERCOT admitting they're taking control of our thermostats 10 years ago.
  People can't admit they're even doing it now.
  Well, see Alex, and the crazy thing too is like, okay, with the Colonial Pipeline, right?
  The only people who were talking about the fact that it could have been manually turned on was InfoWars.
  Everyone else was like, oh, well, it got hacked.
  Like, you know, it's just, it wasn't a big thing.
  Well, that was another point.
  Sorry, go ahead.
  No, no, continue.
  But like, that's the thing.
  It's like, you're the only person talking about this type of stuff.
  In Texas, they won't let the gas pipelines run with the gases on heat.
  They made them retroactively under the UN, and the governor got an award for this, make it where it's electrical power, which makes it where it can be shut down.
  They're building in failure.
  Yeah, and that's, but it's intentional.
  Like when I'm reading this from the San Francisco gate, it's a Gavin Newsom, right?
  A governor of apparent United States of America, like that you would think it says is giving details on his vaccine verification system, letting businesses required to show your vaccine card to prove that you do not need to wear a mask.
  I mean, you know, you, you think you live in America, you think this is the United States, but it's not because the United States was,
  We were founded and fought to be a free country.
  We were independent of the government.
  There were arguments from the very beginning of not even having a strong central government.
  And now the government's saying, in order for you to enter into a business, you're gonna have to prove you got a jab that we gave you.
  But illegal aliens can cross the border.
  If the Mark of the Beast came out today, I am convinced that 67 to 77 percent of the population would get it right now.
  Just ten years ago, Alex, people would say, the Mark of the Beast.
  A government mandated, you know, something that would be required for goods and service to barter, to trade, to get into restaurants.
  This is America!
  That couldn't happen.
  Today, they're like, well, the Mark of the Beast is a crazy idea.
  If you talk about that, you're a crazy religious nut.
  However, you get this double jab that hasn't been proven over decades of what it even does to you to get into my restaurant.
  But you're crazy.
  Yeah.
  No, I agree.
  It's totally insane.
  So what would you call this time?
  This is not after COVID.
  This is after Mark of the Beast.
  This is this is revelation.
  I mean, because it's I mean, I've got articles right here where you just mentioned Newsom.
  We got the documents.
  Uh, all right here, where they're admitting the takeover plan with Newsom, where they're gonna send contract tracers to your house, it's run by the health department.
  I mean, this is crazy.
  Well, I mean, think about it too, Alex.
  We're already seeing the persecution of Christians in Canada.
  Basically, Canada is like China!
  Exactly, and it's just like, how did we get to this period?
  How did we as Americans come to accept that, again, our next door neighbor, Canada, Christians are being persecuted right now.
  They're being arrested for wanting to go and preach in their own churches, for wanting to go and pray.
  They're being put in jail for that.
  It's absolutely ridiculous and again, I'm more hopeful and I think that with Joe Biden's presidency and everything that's going on, people are going to get more awakened and emboldened because they are going to see blatantly what is happening because the corrupt elites aren't even hiding it from us anymore because they don't have to.
  So people are going to wake up and they're going to get enraged about it.
  So I do have hope in that aspect.
  I mean, I agree.
  As bad as this is, what is the pushback going to be?
  Because we're right at the epicenter of the pushback.
  What should it be?
  Well, this is where we begin to walk on very thin ice here, because I think that if I want to say the most American thing would be, number one, start with the change in yourself.
  I think turn back to God, start a family, begin to get healthier, exercise, bring your family.
  They cannot conquer your family.
  They're going to try to do so.
  When I get messages from people on Twitter saying,
  To me specifically, Alex, this trips me out.
  When I got my first DM from someone who said, hey, I'm meeting with an underground church tonight.
  We're holding a Bible study in spite of the government shutting us down.
  Please pray we don't get arrested.
  And then I look, where is the location of this person?
  Ontario, Canada.
  And I'm going,
  When in a free Western nation, this is where we're at.
  People can only be backed into a corner too long.
  Exactly.
  You wake up and you're inside it.
  I mean, they really did it.
  They've already taken it so far.
  Exactly, Alex.
  And again, I think for me, seeing the vaccine rollout and everything that has happened with this, and the fact that we have people willingly getting this experimental, non-FDA approved vaccine that is, you know,
  Having, or giving people heart issues, people are getting blood clotting, they're having... People are dying!
  No one talks about people are dying!
  If we use the same stats, if we use the same stats and the same recording methods to record how people died from COVID or with COVID and related that to the vaccine, my God, the deaths would be so much higher.
  And notice, even the CDC scientists, this is the Hill, admit CDC says vaccine linked to heart inflammation is stronger than previously thought.
  Even their own scientists do the truth, but it just goes forward.
  Well, they've always known!
  And that's the thing, is because this has never been about the truth.
  This is what a fallen empire looks like.
  Nobody knows who's in control anymore.
  The government does not represent the people.
  Wow.
  I was talking to one of my... Let's talk about that.
  Alright, Elijah Schaefer and Savannah Hernandez are with us.
  And they are really kicking butt.
  You guys are all over the place.
  I see your work constantly.
  It's just so amazing.
  What's the best way for this great audience to follow your work?
  Of course, slightly offensive with Elijah Schafer.
  We have our show two times a week and I get to pop in as well.
  That's out on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.
  You don't even know where your own show is!
  Elijah Schafer is impossible to get on the schedule.
  Type in slightly offensive on YouTube as well as you can follow us on anywhere social media except for the fact that you're not on Twitter anymore.
  No, I got deleted on Twitter but I am on there.
  You'd have like 15 million views every week.
  I know!
  Trump retweeted me and then I got nuked off the face of the earth.
  That was a lot of fun.
  Yeah, you were like, you were like, oh, you were like, you were like, I'm now working with the Blaze.
  I'm getting, I'm getting retweeted by Trump.
  It looks like nothing bad is going to happen.
  They were like, sorry, we're about to de-platform the sitting president.
  So let's get out his supporters here.
  Yeah, yeah, pretty much.
  That's exactly what happened.
  So you guys made a point, because I was talking to one of my crew here, who's a smart guy today, and was like,
  I was already telling Pat Riley, who's my friend, there's no leadership.
  The left's all out of control.
  They just want war with us, even though we're running the country and helping produce.
  They're idiots.
  They have some existential deal.
  And I'm talking to this other guy, he's like, yeah, there's no leadership.
  And you were hitting on that before the break, because that's really what it is.
  It's like a runaway train.
  Yeah, there's no leadership.
  And this is why it's confusing to tell people what to do and why to people that are feeling anger.
  Hold up for a second before you lash out and you let that overtake you, because right now a lot of people are essentially, if you go out and you do something stupid, you're like somebody in World War I running out of the trench and getting shot by machine gun fire.
  Sure, it might be brave, but why would you sacrifice your life for doing something that is dumb?
  Be calculated, be smart in this world.
  And so right now people are like, well, what do we need to do?
  We need to get Biden out of office.
  Really?
  Is Biden in office?
  That's the question.
  That's why they're so smart.
  He's a total corpse.
  But that's the point.
  Now the leaders, we cannot win this like we were talking about earlier.
  The Mujahideen could not be defeated by Russia.
  We could not defeat the Iraq war or the Afghanistan war because we're not fighting leaders.
  We're not fighting a nation state.
  We're fighting people in case.
  We're fighting a committed ideology.
  Right, and so right now this is an ideological war.
  Boom!
  You hit it right on the head.
  We're not fighting people, we're fighting an ideology.
  So taking people out, they'll be replaced.
  And in fact, it used to be you could put a president in place, you remove the president, you've totally taken out a movement.
  Now, the president doesn't even represent the movement.
  He's just a shell.
  Him and Kamala aren't even real.
  Now your president gets deleted off of Twitter and doesn't even have access to speak to his own people.
  Is he a hologram?
  Did we ever find out if Joe Biden's a hologram?
  He's actually a reanimated corpse.
  So what do we do to not contribute to discord and war and to contribute to peace and awakening?
  How do we counter that?
  Honestly, Alex, this is going to be weird, but I feel like taking care of your body and your spirit is the best way to do that.
  And like, you know, you talk about supplements, you talk about a lot of the products that you sell, but that is the key to winning this war and fighting back is taking care of your spirit, taking care of your health.
  I agree.
  Beyond supplements and all that, it's just going out, having fun, not letting them get you down.
  Clown pill.
  More than ever, I agree.
  We gotta have fun.
  Stay happy.
  We talked about, have you heard of the clown pill?
  Have you heard of this?
  No.
  Okay, so after you've taken the black pill, which for your audience probably knows what that means, that you've given up hope.
  Explain the red pill, the blue pill.
  Okay, so you start with the red pill.
  Or the blue pill, which is either you take the red pill and you want to wake up and see the truth.
  You know the New World Order is real, the Deep State is real, that America has been taken over.
  Then, after a while, you start waking other people up and you start being like, yeah, I finally know the truth!
  You research and you know what's going on.
  Then, all of a sudden, you research enough that it makes you lose heart.
  So you take the black pill, which is you go...
  Oh my gosh, the world, we've lost our country.
  Well, how then do you enjoy life?
  People are committing suicide over this, people are doing dumb things, or even we saw with rioting, and how do you stay sane?
  You take a clown pill, where you learn to just enjoy yourself, your family, and laugh at some of this stuff, because these people are so freaking outrageous!
  They're dyeing their hair unnatural colors, they're doing unnatural things with their body, they're overweight, they don't care about life, they're getting experimental jabs, and they call
  They call good-looking, God-fearing, family-focused people the conspiracy theorists?
  I'll be damned, that's crazy.
  I agree.
  And then once you've taken the red pill, the black pill, the clown pill, then you've got to take the infinity pill.
  The infinity pill?
  Oh, shoot!
  What is that?
  There's another pill?
  I'm high on these.
  I have too many pills.
  No, you know when Alex gets nuclear, that's the infinity pill.
  And turning it over to God, I would call it the God pill.
  Because I've already entered the clown pill, but now I'm only in the God pill.
  No, I feel like there's the clown pill, then there's the Alex Jones pill, and then there's like the God pill, infinity pill, you know?
  We're all like trying to get to the God pill, I'm just saying.
  It's the only, you know what, that's why I was reading my Bible this morning, and I'm telling you, some of men, I've seen... Well, that image of folks in that boat's perfect, because that's where we all are.
  We're in a crisis right now.
  No, we are, but I'm saying this is what's crazy.
  I'm a God-fearing man, but I'm a man, and I make mistakes, and I'm honest that I do, and I don't get it all right.
  But it's crazy that the only thing I can read today, the only time that I can find truth is when I read the Bible.
  And I look at it and I go, this is the only thing that reigns true.
  It's like the North Star.
  Right, but I read today in John 1, it said that
  God is the truth, and I looked up what the truth meant in Greek there, and it means that there's no deception in Him.
  And that's what we need in the world.
  Everything's deceptive and counterintuitive, but God is the truth and there's no deception.
  It all makes sense.
  It's all good.
  Yeah, God is good, but I'm saying that to people.
  Why should you fear God?
  Because God is the only thing that cannot deceive you.
  Well, I've noticed the closer I get to God, because I was corrupted by sin in my flesh, it's true, the closer I get to God, the more I can't even tell a lie.
  The more everything gets clearer,
  And it's just, it's so good to become, not that I'm Christ-like, become closer to Christ, is that it all becomes just true, it all works, it's all good.
  Conviction.
  Exactly.
  It's about conviction.
  And you have the energy to keep fighting back and keep pushing forward and keep waking people up and keep helping humanity grow, because like you said, Alex, this is really not just a political issue.
  It's an attack on humanity and on our spirit, and we need people like Alex Jones and Elijah Schaffer to keep that energy up and keep waking people up.
  And you.
  And Savannah Hernandez.
  And me, of course, of course.
  Thank you.
  Yeah, Savannah Hernandez.
  You know people, Alex, this is what I hate about being an ugly guy and just being like a gross pig or whatever because she's on the show like maybe a couple minutes for every episode.
  Like a good five minutes?
  Every single comment is like, wow, I watch this for Savannah.
  I spend years building up a brand, a show, trying to speak the truth, bring Savannah on and suddenly everyone likes her better.
  She's the goddess that God gave us for protecting.
  She's a very lovely girl and it's like,
  I'm very happy to see this too with women, is like, we were talking about this as well, is that we need to get back into our understanding of what God designed us to be, our God-given identity.
  An atheist roasted me online, was like, oh, you're a creationist?
  And I'm like, imagine roasting someone for believing in God and getting eternal salvation through Christ, and you're knowingly going to hell?
  Well, here's the thing, if they had something that built incredible systems, and beautiful music, and power, and civilization, and prosperity, I'd say, okay, maybe your God's real.
  Their God creates death and failure.
  Our God creates success.
  Exactly, Alex, exactly.
  I was talking to Elijah about going and doing a man on the street and going to a pro-abortion rally and just asking them what their viewpoint on Satan is.
  Because, even without that question, they're already hailing Satan, they're out there, and like you said, they're ugly, they're decrepit, they're angry, they're fat, their hair is falling out.
  Why is that?
  Because they're evil, and they're following... They're going against God!
  They're following the path that is wide and open and full of sin, and you can see it very, very clearly in their attitudes and in their political views.
  It happened to the Jews all the time.
  If you look at the Hebrews in the Bible, and you go through the Old Testament, and you look at the way their civilization, when they turned away from God... When they turned to God, they were in a bondage.
  Yep!
  And the walls would fall, and it's not like they turned away from God, and then God was like, zapped them into desolation.
  It's that as they stopped fearing God, you see what happens to a culture.
  It decays!
  Oh, they'd have a hundred years until they, you know... Yeah, the only answer to a successful culture outside of God is authoritarianism.
  And that's why people say, what about China?
  They don't have God, which they do, by the way.
  I believe there's more... there's... might even be more Christians in China than there are people in this country.
  But, you know, do you follow God voluntarily or do you get a tyrannical... Yes, and that's the point, is that the only way to keep a society together is through tyranny if God is not at the center.
  And as we've... as we've abandoned God, we've...
  We've traded a free life, fearing God, and being in control of our lives.
  We've traded a loving, all-powerful ruler for an evil ruler.
  That's all you're going to get.
  Exactly.
  And that's why we're seeing just all of this insanity.
  This is essentially like our 40 years in the desert.
  We've turned away from God and we see that every single day in our society with the fact that children are twerking in New York Square.
  Disgusting.
  With the Drag Queen Story Hour, with the cartoons that are targeted towards our kids, with the vaccine movement, with the racism, the BLM, Antifa, take anything.
  It's because we've turned away from God, and this is us wandering through the desert without Christ to guide us.
  And our society is completely destroyed.
  I agree.
  So you guys are here with quite the rock star.
  You guys are amazing.
  But you've got, I know he's not here right now, but he's in Austin.
  That's exciting.
  You kind of let that slip.
  Oh.
  Yes, we were just talking a little bit, we were just meeting with some journalists in my life, meeting with some reporters.
  You know we report a lot, so I was meeting with some people here in Texas, just for like a nice dinner to talk to, and people, reporters are all over the country, we are everywhere at any point in any given day, and I have to be completely honest, like these are my friends, these are people, like whether it's Laura Newman, or Andy Ngo, or different people.
  These are all good friends of mine.
  Savannah, like Drew Hernandez, Richie McGinnis, all these people that are fighting back that realize that our reporter is going, now you have to, in order to report the truth, you have to appear to be a villain.
  Because it's gone past calling people conspiracy theorists.
  Anybody who reports the truth, I tell you this, if you're not receiving pushback, a good journalist told me this recently.
  She said,
  If you're not being discredited, then you're not promoting, producing, or reporting on anything that actually threatens the elite and those that are in charge.
  Because if you actually are threatening them, then they will try to discredit you.
  And if you're not being discredited, it doesn't matter.
  She goes, she told me, she goes, I have received Emmys and everything, and I worked my butt off, but it wasn't until I started talking about the truth and getting it where it hurt them that they started discrediting me and my reputation.
  And that's what they do, is if they're attacking your reputation, then the stories you're covering are actually hurting theirs.
  Elijah Schaffer, Savannah Hernandez, five more minutes and then Paul Joseph Watson comes up.
  Stay with us into hour number four.
  Elijah Shaver is telling a lot of great stories during the break with Savannah Hernandez.
  They're here in Austin, Texas with amazing other journalists that are secretive.
  And here we are.
  It's very exciting.
  If you guys are around tomorrow, come back and see the whole show.
  Hell, you guys can host the show.
  I'm in New York Monday and Tuesday.
  You can come host the show if you want.
  Owen's going to be here too.
  But Savannah Hernandez, Elijah Shaver here.
  Closing comments here before Paul Watson takes over.
  Alex, thank you so much for having us on.
  Thank you for waking up.
  Myself, Elijah, so many people around the world.
  I would just say to everyone watching this broadcast, remember how important InfoWars is.
  You know, after leaving here, I realized how hard living through censorship really is and how important it is for there to be networks like this and for us to have a voice.
  So, Alex, you know, this establishment, this place is amazing and people need to support you always and make sure that it's always... Well, I'm just thankful for listeners keeping us on air.
  100%.
  Yeah.
  No, and I was going to say this, you know, people say, oh, Elijah, you know, you're working with Blaze and stuff like this.
  Do you really want to go on the Alex Jones Show?
  Whatever.
  Yes, I do.
  And I like Alex and I like the show.
  And it's not an insult to me.
  Just remember that people will try to intimidate you out of what's effective.
  Well, that's a good final point.
  The left claims they're the rebellion.
  They got all the media.
  You talk about that.
  They have everything behind them and they claim they're the resistance.
  Yeah, it's pathetic.
  It's absolutely hilarious when the LGBTQ and BLM community say that they're the most oppressed in this country.
  They're backed by every million dollar corporation.
  We have our embassies flying their flag all around the world.
  Laws, hate crime laws.
  They have extra protections.
  You hit me, you might not even go to jail if I hit a gay person.
  You can go and scream.
  And let's be clear, I don't even care.
  I don't care about what they're doing.
  They hide their whole political agenda of pedophilia and open borders and gun control and pro-China behind the fact of what they do in a bedroom.
  It's disgustingly obvious.
  Yeah, the LGBT has nothing to do with being gay anymore.
  It is a far-left cultural Marxist group that's meant to divide us, to be other, to make your identity... It's just like gay and FIFA at this point.
  Yeah, to think about things, it's narcissism too.
  I think that anyone around you cares about who you're having sex with.
  Like, you have to fly a flag and tell people, this is who I sleep with.
  It's like, bro, that's narcissism.
  And that's to get you focused on self and about trying to figure out who you are and what you like, rather than asking God to define your identity and to see your identity as well as how can we work together as a country and as a nation, you're focused on yourself only.
  I totally agree, because nothing's weirder than a couple, a heterosexual couple, at like the movie theater, in the checkout line, or you know, in the ticket line, kissing.
  They're showing off.
  But when you're walking in and see that couple together, embracing by their car, it's so hot and real, because they're like actually doing it.
  You know, they love each other.
  It's not a display.
  It's really sick to have these displays that are just for displays.
  Again, targeted towards children especially.
  Yeah, that's evil.
  So why are they trying to sexualize children?
  What's at the bottom of it, Savannah?
  Just, again, like we've been talking about, it's satanic.
  They're targeting children because children are the most innocent among us.
  And they're the easiest to influence.
  They're the easiest to take advantage of.
  And that's why they are targeting them.
  And, again, it's up to us to stand up for children and save them.
  And it's so obvious, Viacom admits they want to sexualize five-year-olds?
  Jeez!
  It's about getting closer to the devil.
  So, the devil's goal for individuals is to get us as away from God's nature as possible.
  And one of the things that God cares about, he says, if you take a young one and you lead them astray, better is a millstone tied around your neck and thrown in the deepest part of the sea.
  God cares for the children.
  He loves innocence.
  And the thing is, is that's what they want, and that's what they hate.
  They want to rob innocence from the church.
  It's a gang initiation.
  To mess with kids, gets you away from God.
  You're absolutely right.
  Alright, Elijah Shafer, Savannah Hernandez, how long are you in Austin?
  I think just for the day, then we gotta get back and start recording our show.
  We'll come back.
  Back to the Metroplex.
  Yeah, back to mini LA over here.
  From one Metroplex to another.
  Cybertruck.
  Yes.
  Alright, well, alright, here we are.
  Alright, Paul Joseph Watson takes over.
  I'm Alex Jones with InfoWars.com and FreeWorldNews.tv, because they banned our video on Twitter and stuff, but you can still share it at FreeWorldNews.tv.
  Wow!
  The return of Savannah Hernandez and Eliza Schaffer.
  Paul Joseph Watson takes over.
  Three of our best-selling products are now back in stock after months and months of not being available because of the COVID lockdowns that destroy the supply chain.
  BioTrue Selenium is the highest quality selenium from the mustard seed.
  It is essential for all cellular activity in the body.
  It's critical and it funds the info war.
  It's back in stock.
  Then we have Ultimate Krill Oil.
  Highest grade of krill oil.
  All the things it does for your brain, your cardiovascular system, your memory, your sleep, everything.
  It's back in stock.
  And by the way, all these are discounted 40 to 50% off.
  But then, one more other great item is now back in stock.
  We got a good shipment of it in, so I want to offer it the lowest price ever, so you experience the benefits.
  And that is Survival Shield X3 Tri-Iodine, 60% off, with free shipping, double Patreon points.
  And we are live with the Summit News Hour on this Tuesday the 15th of June 2021.
  Six days before the UK was supposed to exit its lockdown restrictions and we were supposed to celebrate
  Freedom Day!
  Didn't quite go to plan, did it?
  Not as if we predicted it all along.
  Not as if the fact is that our government has been hijacked, literally hijacked, by scientific dictatorship extremists.
  Who not only don't want these lockdown restrictions to end on June 21st or on July 19th, as they're now saying, they never want them to end.
  Not my words, the words of the sage government advisors that have been dictating this ridiculous policy for the past 15 months.
  At the start of the pandemic in March 2020, we were told that we needed to lockdown for three weeks.
  Three weeks to flatten the curve.
  Three weeks to protect the NHS.
  Here we are,
  15 months later and I'm going to go to a video in a second which lays the table for what happened yesterday and the true agenda behind it.
  First though we have this headline from today.
  Lockdown extended despite weekly Covid deaths in England dropping to lowest since March 2020.
  We've literally got the lowest deaths on a weekly recorded basis since the start of the pandemic and yet we're set to remain in lockdown for the rest of the entire summer.
  What's gone wrong here?
  The government said all along, oh, we're going to be driven by data, not dates.
  Well, the data says that we have the lowest weekly deaths since this whole ridiculous scam started, and yet we're still under lockdown.
  Not being driven by the data there, are they?
  Despite Prime Minister Boris Johnson announcing an extension to the country's lockdown, weekly COVID-19 deaths in England and Wales,
  Have dropped to their lowest level since March 2020.
  And when I say COVID deaths, you always have to remember that somebody did a Freedom of Information Act request last year, directly asked the government, and this is still on the ONS website, Office for National Statistics,
  How many of the COVID deaths out of the entire total were purely COVID deaths with no comorbidities?
  Turned out it was 10% of the total.
  So every time you see a death statistic, you need to reduce it by 90% because that's the actual true figure.
  So it dropped to the lowest level since March 2020.
  Citing infections caused by the Indian variant of the virus, or the Delta variant, as you now have to call it, because it's racist to refer to it from the origin, from the region from which it originated.
  Can't call it the China virus.
  You can call it the UK-Kent virus though, that's okay.
  Boris Johnson yesterday added an extra four weeks onto a lockdown that was supposed to completely end on June 21st.
  Even before the announcement was made, as we highlighted yesterday, some government ministers indicated that another extension on top of that could prolong restrictions throughout the entire summer.
  I'm going to get back here and talk about the true agenda, why they want to expand it, extend it into autumn, into winter, but here is the first report about the UK's recent extension of the lockdown.
  Here it is.
  Former Oasis icon Noel Gallagher says that the combination between woke culture and Covid lockdowns means that young people today will have less freedom than previous generations for the first time in modern history.
  The High Flying Birds frontman made the comments during a recent appearance on Absolute Radio.
  My kids' generation, I think this is actually the first generation that are going to have less than their parents.
  When we all grew up we had more
  Yeah.
  Of the COVID thing, which I don't think will ever really truly go away.
  And I feel, I feel bad for them.
  Gallagher made the remarks while discussing a new documentary about Oasis's legendary Nebworth gigs in the mid-90s.
  He made the point that because of the utter state of the music industry and the barren, smartphone-obsessed zombie consumers, there'll never be another cultural moment like it ever again.
  We're going to get into that clip later.
  We made a little snafu there.
  This is Masters and Slaves and it talks about who is advising the government, the true extremists, who are literal hardline communists, saying that this lockdown will never end and that it was never intended to end.
  This is Masters and Slaves.
  Here it is.
  Fifteen months after just three weeks to flatten the curve, Boris Johnson is set to announce yet another extension to lockdown.
  Here in the UK, the one month delay they're about to add to lifting lockdown is already being preempted by talk of another delay on top of that, before they've even announced the first delay.
  We're going to be in a situation where we had more freedom in July last year at a time when absolutely no one had received the vaccine compared to July this year.
  We're going backwards.
  And when we get to the end of July, what then?
  Oh, the Indian variant is still a cause for concern.
  We need to wait until everyone's got two jabs.
  Then we're into September.
  Then we're into the autumn winter flu season.
  What then?
  We need to protect the NHS.
  Just one more lockdown to protect the NHS and save Christmas.
  That would take us to two years under lockdown.
  It never...
  The behaviour of
  Social distancing, of when you're indoors, making sure there's good ventilation, or if there's not, wearing face masks.
  Do you know, when you say long-term, what do you mean by that?
  How long?
  Um, I think forever.
  Dr. Richard Taylor, who said that the lockdown should last indefinitely, then expressed sadness that it might not continue forever.
  How about you stay at home for the rest of your life, you wear a mask, sit on your own in your car if you want to, and the rest of us get on with normal life?
  Would that be okay?
  I don't know why you find it funny.
  I don't think this is funny.
  I don't think taking people's freedoms is funny.
  I think we've got to live with a lockdown for a certain period and nobody yet can say what that period is.
  When does it end?
  What's the point for you at which it ends?
  So we stay in lockdown forever then, basically?
  We stay in lockdown until we know that it is no longer spreading and that it's not going around the rest of the world.
  It's a terrible, terrible... I mean, that's forever.
  No, Richard, that's forever.
  That is forever.
  Oh dear.
  Well, sadly it can't be forever but that's the idea.
  Sadly it can't be forever?
  It's sad that we can't remain in lockdown forever?
  These are the same advisors who admitted using mind control and totalitarian fear tactics, their words not mine, to terrify the British public into total compliance.
  When in comparison Sadiq Khan and Theresa May sound like the voices of reason
  You know we're in big trouble.
  There will not be a time when we can say that there will never be another case of Covid-19 in this country.
  Secondly, variants will keep on coming.
  There will be new variants every year.
  If the government's position is that we cannot open up travel until there are no new variants elsewhere in the world, then we will never be able to travel abroad ever again.
  And the third fact that the government needs to state much more clearly
  The hospitality industry is on its knees.
  Thousands of pubs and restaurants closed for good.
  They're threatening to sue the government.
  Andrew Lloyd Webber is willing to get arrested.
  Yeah, I'll believe it when I see it.
  When is enough?
  I talked to my parents in Spain.
  Mandatory mask laws
  Outside, in 86 degree Fahrenheit weather.
  Oh, but they extended the curfew!
  They're allowing us to stay out past 10pm!
  Apparently the virus goes to bed at 10pm.
  Oh, but they opened the nightclubs!
  No dancing allowed!
  No dancing allowed at nightclubs!
  What's the frigging point?
  But at least our gracious heads of state at the G7 are leading by example, right?
  They're still doing that cringe elbow-greeting thing.
  They're doing socially distanced photo ops.
  Bollocks.
  Does this look like social distancing to you?
  They're having huge barbecue parties.
  They're enjoying the finest lobster.
  Macron is basically spitting in Biden's mouth.
  But you're still under lockdown for God only knows how much longer.
  One rule for them.
  Another for us.
  Masters and slaves people.
  Masters and slaves.
  Statistics here in the UK says that there are 52 Covid deaths occurred in England and Wales between May 29 and June 4.
  That's the latest stats they have for the previous week.
  Down from 69 last week and the lowest recorded toll since the week to March 20 last year, the very start of the pandemic.
  We had 10 COVID deaths total today.
  Three were recorded.
  Yesterday we had days last week where literally zero deaths were recorded.
  The stats show that 0.8% of NHS hospital beds throughout the UK are occupied by people who had a positive PCR test, which we know are notoriously unreliable.
  Anyway, they can test fruits, they can test pieces of kumquat.
  For Covid, and it comes up positive, so 0.8% of the beds are occupied
  We built all these Nightingale hospitals here in the UK, massive off-the-cuff hospitals that were built at the start of the first lockdown, literally never used, barely used at a minimum in areas of the country.
  In London, not used at all.
  They've demolished them all because apparently we're in such a crisis that we may need them again, but they've demolished them all.
  Lowest Covid deaths per week since the start of the pandemic, yet we're still sliding into another endless restriction led by a literal communist hardline extremist called Stalin's Nanny.
  That's literally her nickname, Susan Michie, who you heard in the clip before the break.
  And these restrictions, as they say, are never going to end.
  Again, these are the same scientists who admitted using totalitarian fear tactics, mind control, their words, mind control, and the weaponization of behavioral psychology to terrify the public into total compliance,
  During the first lockdown.
  That's Susan Michie, who you heard in the clip, the communist hardliner, Stalin's nanny.
  She's on a group called the Welcome Trust.
  She is a behavioral psychologist.
  She's not an epidemiologist.
  She's not a virus scientist.
  It's her job to work for the government to terrify the public, which is what they admitted doing, which is why we had polls in the aftermath of that.
  Showing that the average Brit thought that 100 times more people had died of coronavirus than was actually the case.
  Then you look at the Freedom of Information Act request and it shows literally only 10% of the official death toll was COVID alone when you exclude all the other comorbidities.
  So the same extremists
  Who have admitted lying, propagandising, weaponising behavioural psychology to psychologically manipulate the British public into supporting these lockdowns.
  And boy has it worked!
  We had a poll yesterday which showed that 71% of adults in the United Kingdom supported this latest extension of lockdowns.
  It worked for the first lockdown, it's still working now.
  Those extremists, those literal mind controllers, are still in control of the government and for whatever reason, because the population's been so cowed, been so terrorised by these psychopaths,
  We're going to be in lockdown until the rest of the summer by the looks of it.
  And then, as I said before, that pushes it into autumn, winter.
  You get all the flu cases.
  They falsely count the flu cases of COVID.
  And oh look, we need to lockdown again.
  It will never end.
  It's not going to end until there's mass civil disobedience, until huge numbers of the population stop abiding by these ridiculous, absurd rules.
  Now we may get business owners, we may get nightclubs, pubs, restaurants suing the government.
  The theatre director Andrew Lloyd Webber has promised to literally get arrested because he wants to open his theatres here in the West End of London to 100% capacity.
  Whether that happens over the next couple of weeks remains to be seen.
  I'll believe it when I see it.
  But we are in a situation where we've literally handed power to psychopathic, scientific, dictatorship extremists who have lied about the data.
  Who have lied about the threat at every step of the way, and for whatever reason, the population is still listening to them.
  Guido Fawkes reports, Covid marshals wanted local authorities hiring Covid marshals to work until spring 2022.
  Not this year.
  Next year, spring.
  That will mark over two years that we've been under some form of lockdown.
  And we had an article before which said, in some areas of the country,
  These Covid marshals have been given contracts until 2023, so add another year on top of that.
  When does it end?
  I haven't seen my parents this year.
  I won't see them for the rest of the year by the looks of it.
  They can't get across from Spain, because if they come across from Spain, Spain is not on the green list.
  So they would have to visit me and stay in my apartment for two weeks and not leave the apartment.
  Literally no point in visiting.
  Obviously, if it was up to me, I would violate those rules at every given available opportunity.
  But you know, a lot of the older people, they just want to behave.
  They want to fulfill the obligations, the social obligations that they think they have.
  But until I stop doing that, we're going to be under lockdown forever.
  As the government scientists admit, people apparently only listen to the fear propaganda.
  They don't listen to the fact that they've literally told you until you start altering your behaviour, until you stop complying, you're going to be under lockdown forever.
  You're not going to see your family members.
  You're going to have your opportunities.
  Squashed job employment, seeing family, exploring the world, whatever is normal existence, gainful existence, not just sitting around on furlough money paid by the government to do nothing in your apartment.
  That's going to be the case if they get their way for at least the next year, maybe two years.
  If they really get their own way, maybe forever.
  Article says, despite Boris reassuring people, and you can really trust him, three weeks to flatten the curve, right?
  That Covid restrictions will be lifted on July 19th.
  Again, they were supposed to be lifted on June 21st.
  Local authorities like Croydon Council, which is South London, are still looking to hire Covid marshals.
  And we've seen what these people get up to in the past.
  They literally go to residences which they think are illegal private clubs and peer through the letterbox to make sure there aren't more than six people in the residence who will work on a fixed-term contract until 31st of March 2022.
  In what?
  Nine months' time?
  Marshals will be paid over £30,000 to enforce restrictions that supposedly would have been lifted eight months earlier.
  Almost like the government lied to us and has been lying every step of the way.
  Surely not!
  According to the job listing posted last week, Covid marshals will advise people and businesses on how to follow Covid-19 regulations and stay safe.
  Literally.
  On days last week, zero people died.
  Oh, the amount of people dying of heart disease, heart attacks, dementia, Alzheimer's, things like that, that continues to increase because people don't get hospital treatments because they're either afraid of going into hospitals or they're not allowed to go into hospitals.
  Oh, those deaths will absolutely dwarf the COVID deaths for the next nine months.
  But we don't care about those people because we can't continue the fight that we're completely drunk on this totalitarian power
  That's their thinking.
  Breitbart reports.
  Tory lockdown sceptic predicts SAGE scientists will push for lockdown extension until winter.
  Give them an inch and they will take a mile.
  They've done it at every step of the way over the past 15 months and they'll do it once again.
  This is the MP for Broxbourne.
  Vice-chairman of the 1922 committee, Charles Walker, who says that July 19th will not be the end of restrictions, saying that the government scientific advisors will be pushing for another extension.
  Get it into winter, get the flu cases, then pressure everyone to lock down once again.
  It never ends.
  There are very few celebrities left who will brave the backlash from the woke mob from cancellation, which apparently doesn't exist, by the way, as they continue to claim, even as, for example, last week we had a cricketer, Ollie Robinson, who tweeted when he was an 18-year-old kid the N-word he was describing himself.
  He was making misogynistic jokes about women with his friends on Twitter in 2011 when he was 18.
  His career is now completely ruined.
  He's been barred from being selected for international test matches for the England cricket team.
  He gets cancelled.
  Meanwhile, we have Shamima Begum, the
  ISIS member.
  She literally traveled from London to Syria to join ISIS.
  She literally sewed bombs into explosive vests.
  She literally laughed at the sight of decapitated heads in bins.
  Oh, but she's venerated by the establishment.
  Join an international terrorist group that's been slaughtering thousands of people across the world over the previous six years.
  Oh, well, maybe there's some level of forgiveness that we need to have for her.
  She's literally starring in this documentary, which has received Claudettes and awards from the establishment.
  She doesn't get cancelled.
  She gets forgiven.
  This cricketer, because he's white and not a Muslim in a hijab, basically, tweeted the N-word, describing himself 10 years ago.
  His career is done.
  And there are very few celebrities who will speak out
  And call out cancel culture, this woke jihadist mob, for exactly what it is.
  But Noel Gallagher, the former Oasis star, is one of them, and he's been making more comments on that subject, and we have that in this clip right now.
  Let's roll it.
  Former Oasis icon Noel Gallagher says that the combination between woke culture and Covid lockdowns means that young people today will have less freedom than previous generations for the first time in modern history.
  The High Flying Birds frontman made the comments during a recent appearance on Absolute Radio.
  My kids' generation, I think this is actually the first generation that are going to have less than their parents.
  When we all grew up we had more
  Yeah.
  Of the COVID thing, which I don't think will ever really, truly go away.
  And I feel... I feel bad for them.
  Gallagher made the remarks while discussing a new documentary about Oasis's legendary Nebworth gigs in the mid-90s.
  He made the point that because of the utter state of the music industry and the barren, smartphone-obsessed zombie consumers, there'll never be another cultural moment like it ever again.
  It's a real snapshot of a... of a... of a long-gone era of, uh... you know, there's...
  Quarter of a million people, not a single mobile phone.
  Yeah.
  No internet.
  In the moment, with the band, you know, nobody's doing this.
  Everybody's singing at the top of their lungs.
  And it's a very young crowd.
  And it's, you kind of think, wow, the 90s.
  Gallagher routinely uses his platform to challenge politically correct orthodoxy.
  In 2017, he blasted the British government for pandering to concerns about Islamophobia.
  While failing to stop Islamic terrorism.
  F*** those c***s is what I say.
  The whole thing is bollocks.
  You know, you're supposed to wear them in Selfridges, yet you can f***ing...
  Go down the pub, be surrounded by every f***ing c***, do you know what I mean?
  And it's like, oh, well, actually, we don't have the virus in the pubs, but they have it in cell fridges.
  All right.
  Like, I was going up to Manchester the other weekend, f***ing some guys going, can you put your mask on, on the train?
  And I was like, uh, and they said, because, uh, the transport police will get on there, find you £1,000, but you don't have to put it on if you're eating.
  So I was saying, all right, so this killer virus that's sweeping through the train is going to come and attack me, but it's going to see me having a sandwich and go, leave him.
  Yeah, but I get what you're saying, but what's happening is lunch.
  Gallagher's routinely based comments illustrate why the music industry is now completely transfixed with churning out culturally compliant NPCs who never speak out and always parrot and amplify the establishment narrative.
  These days, artists are only allowed to build huge platforms if they're, quote,
  Unproblematic.
  In other words, unthinking drones who have sold their soul to the machine.
  Vacuous automatons who have allowed the system to weaponize their fame in the pursuit of mass brainwashing programs and social engineering.
  Noel specifically called out handbag-carrying talentless twat Harry Styles as a perfect example of this.
  The music industry doesn't like mavericks.
  Yeah.
  You know, the reason why there are no bands now is because
  In the 90s, Oasis and Primal Scream and Blur and Pulp and all those gr- we were the mainstream.
  And what- the music industry doesn't like the mainstream being a load of fellas on drugs.
  Drunk, half the time, on a Tuesday.
  Right, they don't like that.
  They like people like Harry Styles.
  Yeah.
  Who would say, wear this dress and shut it.
  Wear this, sing that, and go home.
  This again goes to show that celebs who dare to express authentic opinions can only do so because they've already achieved their fame and success in previous decades.
  You can't cancel Noel Gallagher, you can't cancel Morrissey, because they're rich and they're legends.
  And they'll always maintain a hardcore loyal fanbase who won't throw them under a bus at the behest of the baying mob.
  Now, another celebrity in a similar vein to Noel Gallagher, again, someone who's already achieved their success, their fame, their riches many decades ago, and therefore is immune to be cancelled by the mob, is Roger Waters of Pink Floyd fame.
  We have a headline here at, again, our Summit News video, Roger Waters tells little prick Zuckerberg to F off following request to use iconic Pink Floyd song for ad.
  And the clip is in the article if you want to go and watch it after the show.
  Pink Floyd songwriter Roger Waters slammed Mark Zuckerberg during a press conference recently announcing that Facebook owner had offered a huge, huge amount of money to use the iconic song Another Brick in the Wall Part 2 in an advert for Instagram.
  So literally the very song that rails against thought control and mindless conformity, especially in the video if you've seen it,
  Mark Zuckerberg wanted to use that to promote Instagram to get more people hooked, addicted to social media, to Instagram.
  Literally the same guy who bans people, who banned people two years ago, almost three years ago now, for defending Alex Jones, for not criticising Alex Jones in their own Facebook post.
  That would literally get your Facebook post removed two, three years ago.
  This guy wants to include as a promo for Instagram a song that literally rails against the very opposite of what Mark Zuckerberg and this evil empire that he represents is.
  Waters described the development as part of Zuckerberg's insidious movement to take over absolutely everything and that was very cathartic.
  When he called Mark Zuckerberg a little prick and told him to F off again another celebrity using his platform for good because the mob can't cancel him.
  He's not a celebrity that's coming up in his career that needs to genuflect, bow down and cower to this evil Babylon system which basically makes these musicians, these artists, sell their soul to the system to get any kind of success whatsoever.
  Those kind of celebrities, they've made their money, they've had their fame, they've had their impact, and they can't be cancelled, they can't be stopped.
  So kudos to Roger Waters, don't agree with him on everything in terms of his Palestinian activism and all that kind of stuff, but on this, 100%.
  Meanwhile, BBC journalist chased, confronted by anti-lockdown protesters.
  This is literally the big freak out in UK media today.
  The fact that a BBC political editor was chased down and confronted by anti-lockdown protesters outside Downing Street.
  This has created an absolute volcano of vitriolic condemnation, saying that these right-wing extremists need to be stopped.
  Where was the media when Black Lives Matter protesters were literally pulling people out of cars if they didn't support them?
  They stalked Peter Hitchens, a mob of literally a thousand people, followed him down the street because he didn't support their cause.
  Where were the media speaking out against this?
  This happens though, and it's basically World War 3.
  So we had a situation here in the United Kingdom after the death of George Floyd last year where it was a similar situation to the US.
  You literally saw police kneeling to violent extremist far-left demonstrators.
  They can't respond to burglaries.
  They literally told us that here in the UK five years ago.
  The police can't respond to burglaries, but they can respond by genuflecting and groveling to Black Lives Matter.
  Of course we have massive problems with knife crime, massive problems with stabbings.
  They hunted down the guys who confronted that BBC journalist and basically called him scum and a traitor.
  Within the space of a few hours those thought criminals were hunted down, probably rotting in jail cells right now about to be prosecuted.
  They can't respond to burglaries, actual crime, but they can respond to somebody being mean to a BBC journalist and that's literally
  The absolute bed-wetting freak-out that's occurring in the UK media today.
  Black Lives Matter can literally pull people out of cars, can chase, mobs of them can chase people down the street and they're venerated, they're lionised.
  As soon as it happens to someone within the establishment from a group of protesters they don't like, then it's basically Chernobyl, World War 3 and the Holocaust all wrapped into one.
  Meanwhile, we have the Euro 2020 Championships taking place across the continent right now, and of course the big debate about Take A Knee.
  Of course we know why they're taking a knee, we know why they took a knee in the United Kingdom, Premier League footballers in June 2020 for the first time last year.
  It was to genuflect, it was to cower to the mob that is Black Lives Matter.
  It was entirely predicated on showing deference, on showing allegiance and mass conformity to the extremist violent
  Anti-family, anti-west mob that is Black Lives Matter.
  That's always been the case.
  It's always been political and yet they're still claiming that it isn't political.
  Well they've run into a little problem over the past few weeks because with some fans finally being allowed into football stadiums, soccer for Americans,
  They've started to boo when players take the knee, and specifically this has happened with England.
  A bunch of other teams, East, Eastern European teams, Balkan teams like Croatia have refused to take the knee.
  England players are still taking the knee because they're managed by this simp soy boy, Gareth Southgate, who claims that it's not political, who claims that it's just about racial injustice and discrimination.
  Have you seen the England football team?
  Have you seen the French football team?
  Have you seen the Netherlands football team?
  Literally two-thirds or a half of the players are black.
  It kind of suggests that there isn't much discrimination stopping black people from being successful in the world of soccer and yet still they take the knee in this pointless, virtue-signalling, woke gesture.
  Rees-Mogg, that booing of take an E is pushback against wokeness isn't racist.
  This is senior MP Jacob Rees-Mogg who defended England fans who booed players taking an E, asserting that the response is a backlash against wokeness and not an expression of racism.
  Again, some of these football fans have gone to great lengths to explain why they're booing Take A Knee, because it represents endorsement and support for Black Lives Matter, a group literally founded by someone who says her ideological guru is a convicted fugitive cop killing terrorists.
  I'm talking about Assata Shakur, that's Patrisse Cullors, the BLM founder who spent all the money that she got from BLM on buying vast properties with aircraft hangars in the whitest areas of California possible, because she cares about black people that much.
  Again, we've seen BLM burn down cities.
  Their actions last summer throughout the United States literally led to dozens of people being killed
  And yet the FBI director comes out today, Ray, and says that white supremacist violence is the biggest threat.
  Don't remember many White Lives Matter protesters literally burning down cities and shooting black police captains in the head like David Dorn.
  That must have passed me by.
  I must have been not keeping up with the news that week.
  But this continues to happen.
  Some fans once again booed the national team as players took an E before the Euro 2020 game with Croatia on Sunday, while Croatian players remained standing.
  The football establishment and pundits have tried to characterise the booing as racist, claiming that taking an E isn't a political statement, despite it being explicitly that.
  Boris Johnson, of course, as he's prone to do, has cooked to the woke mob, to the cultural conformist, to the woke Taliban.
  He said that the fans should not boo taking the knee, but Jacob Rees-Mogg, to his credit, said there is pushback more generally against wokeness.
  Like the really rather scandalous behaviour of the Oxford Dons who are refusing to teach people at Oriel College who through no fault of their own are at a college that happens to have a statue of roads that is difficult to take down and they shouldn't be taking down anyway.
  He said there was no evidence that the booing was motivated by racism.
  The fans who are expressing their right to an opinion, the same fans by the way that literally pay the wages of these multi-millionaire footballers who take a knee because they don't want to get cancelled by the mob, God forbid they should express their opinion.
  They've been banned from stadiums, they've been named and shamed and yet the booing still continues and it represents a complete rejection of this Marxist anti-family
  Anti-good race relations group, by the way, which is Black Lives Matter, so continue to boo, continue to do it to your heart's content, because you are on the right side.
  Meanwhile, viral video shows toddler twerking on streets of New York City.
  Onlookers encourage and applaud.
  Yes, this has happened once again.
  A viral TikTok video shows a little girl who can be no older than five or six literally twerking on the streets of New York City as onlookers encourage her, cheer and applaud.
  There's literally one African-American woman in this clip as another woman films it proudly on her cell phone, simulating slapping the backside of a literal toddler as she simulates what is an overtly sexual performance on the streets of a major city in America.
  These are the good guys.
  Matt Walsh tweeted, elect me president and my one pledge is that I will have every adult involved with this kind of SHIT arrested.
  I have no other plans, just that.
  Now this has been bubbling for a while of course, we had a similar clip from 2019 which showed a young boy twerking during a pride parade while being similarly celebrated by attendees.
  There was a whole debate last week I noted on Twitter from the LGBT community, where half of them were saying either they need to make their gay pride parades, where in some cases men literally reveal their tackle and display it proudly, they either need to make these gay pride parades PG, family safe, as if that's possible, or they need to keep children away from them altogether.
  Well, they don't appear to have come to a conclusion because now we're seeing disgusting, despicable videos like this.
  Of course, Desmond is amazing, the traumatized drag queen kid who's literally basically operating under parental abuse, but nobody really cares.
  Back in 2019, again, he appeared at gay nightclubs while patrons handed him dollar bills.
  Imagine being in a drag queen nightclub or a gay nightclub where you're literally shoving dollar bills into the leotard of an 11-year-old boy as he dances suggestively.
  But these, again, these are the good guys.
  As we highlighted back in April, another video showed two young girls being paraded around during a late-night drag queen show in LA as they are encouraged to take cash tips from members of the crowd.
  Again,
  These are the moral arbiters of all decency and good taste and you're the hateful bigot because you don't want kids literally being forced, being brainwashed into dancing suggestively around literal pedos.
  But again, they're the good guys.
  You know where this doesn't happen though?
  Doesn't happen in Hungary.
  Hungary passes law banning showing children material on homosexuality or transgenderism
  Hungary's National Assembly has passed a law that bans showing children under the age of 18 material related to homosexuality or transgenderism in education, on television, movies or in advertisements.
  This passed by a whopping margin in the Hungarian Parliament of 157 to 1.
  The LGBT crowd were very, very disappointed in this and immediately engaged in mass protests on the streets of Budapest because apparently they're really keen on showing
  Five-year-old kids, homosexual and transgender propaganda like Nickelodeon is prone to do, because again, they're the good people.
  According to a statement by ruling party for debts, the law ensures that sex education in schools must not be aimed at promoting homosexuality or changing gender.
  Again, kids of any age below 18 shouldn't be exposed to any kind of sexual material whatsoever, besides homosexuality or transgenderism.
  Again,
  I know gay people.
  They're all completely unhappy.
  They all want to kill themselves.
  They never find a stable partner.
  It's an entirely destructive lifestyle.
  You've seen the suicide rates of transgender people.
  They blame that on a bigoted society.
  No, it isn't.
  It's a destructive, self-loathing lifestyle that only leads to absolute misery and despair.
  Why are we exposing children to this?
  Hungary isn't putting up with it.
  Of course, we had the story a couple of months ago where they had a Black Lives Matter statue erected in the centre of Budapest.
  It was rainbow coloured, so it was semi-BLM, it was semi-LGBT.
  It was demolished within 24 hours.
  Meanwhile, major institutions in the UK and US embassies all over the world now continue to fly the LGBT flag above their buildings.
  But again, these people are so oppressed, they literally have embassies
  Flying their flags because they're so oppressed.
  That's going to wrap it up.
  War Room next.
  Don't go away.
  Summit.News.
  Nascent sodium and potassium, three forms of pure elemental iodine that when together, fuse together to create what is called stable iodine.
  Now, I'm not a chemist, I'm not a scientist, but years ago when X3 became our bestseller, we went to top developers and we said, how can we make an X3?
  And they said, well,
  Some people can't absorb pure atomic nascent iodine, but if you add the other two types, it supercharges it and delivers it into the cells better.
  So I said, which one's better?
  They said it's really apples and oranges.
  It depends on the person.
  So it's two different formulas.
  It's a great seller.
  People love it.
  I personally like it best.
  I get the best results for myself.
  I think so.
  We are offering X3 at 60% off with free shipping and double Patriot points.
  That is the biggest deal we've ever offered in the history of this product because I want you to experience it and we're so proud of it.
  All of these things are essential, meaning if you do not have it, your body breaks down and you die.
  What a thought.
  It takes 3-4 days to die without water.
  It takes about a month or so to die without food on average.
  But what's in the food?
  Well, it's the vitamins, it's the minerals, it's the different elements our body has to have.
  And one of the big ones is iodine.
  Check this out for yourself.
  Even Wikipedia links to UN reports that over 2 billion people on the face of the earth have lower IQs and other cognitive disabilities because of iodine deficiencies.
  Wherever you get iodine, get it.
  Sea salt has it.
  Fish has it.
  The problem is it's not strong in sea salt and a lot of the stuff in fish is contaminated with mercury and other things.
  This doesn't have any of that.
  It's totally clean, it's tri-iodine, and I want you to have it.
  It's 60% off with free shipping, double Patriot points, despite the fact we're going to sell out of it.
  This is our big loss leader, and I want you to experience and see what it does for you.
  On average, it took me and my family about two, three weeks.
  I think so.
  We fund ourselves with book sales, t-shirt sales, and supplement sales at InfoWarsTore.com, so please take advantage of the sale today at InfoWarsTore.com.
  X3 Tri-Ionide, and the biggest sale in our history, also essential for your immune system.
  Look into IQ in Ionide.
  Learn how it's the good halogen, the opposite of fluoride.
  Learn about the Ionide Conspiracy at InfoWarsTore.com.
  InfoWars is very excited to announce that in the last 16 months, we have been very busy developing three new products that are the trifecta of immune support.
  A lot of the research is new, but most of the research is actually very old and well documented.
  Take just one of the products.
  New InfoWorks Live, Vitamin C plus Zinc with Rose Hemps.
  Now listen to this.
  Linus Pauling won a Nobel Prize for science that 1,100% of the daily recommended allowance of Vitamin C did incredible things for the body, for your health, for stamina.
  Well, we simply went back to his research and put out the formulation that he recommended with Zinc and the Rose Hemps.
  This is the classic super Vitamin C product from a natural organic source and it's 25% off.
  I think so.
  We're good to go!
  We have delicious high quality vitamin D3 gummies with calcium as well 25% off.
  I don't have to tell you what vitamin D3 does or what calcium does but the two again go together in a synergistic fashion and all three of these formulas go together in synergistic fashion to do incredible things for your body.
  This is something that everyone should be taking but especially those of us above
  40.
  Check it out today at M4WarStore.com.
  Get great products that enrich your life and that fund the tip of the spear in the fight against the globalist.
  I'm Alex Jones thanking you all for your support.
  Now take action now at M4WarStore.com.