There's a kidnapped kid.
  It's a kidnapped kid with Central Americans.
  I saw it with my own damn eyes.
  I bet my right arm.
  And of course we've seen Hispanic kids clearly have been kidnapped as well.
  They're not with their damn mothers.
  Most of them are with their mothers.
  But I'm telling you, remember they did genetic tests and found one-third, Trump was doing it, one-third are not with their mothers.
  They're not even with a kin person that's a fifth cousin.
  One-third are not, that was when Trump was cramping down.
  One-third are not with their biological parents or even their damn family.
  So we know what's going on, and I'm telling you, we need to push for impeachment of Biden for crimes against humanity, human smuggling right now.
  Instead, the dam has just broken.
  This is so bold.
  The crimes of the globalists, the crimes of the Democratic Party, the crimes of the Republican leadership not doing anything.
  Mitch McConnell.
  I mean, I've never... I feel dirty and ashamed for the first time in my life being American.
  I do.
  I feel ashamed right now.
  I don't feel like I'm doing enough.
  I want to go down there right now.
  In fact, I don't feel good about myself unless I go down there right now and save those kids.
  I'm serious.
  From the front lines of the Information War, it's Alex Jones.
  This country, in its 250 years history, has never had traitors as bad as Honore and Milley and Austin.
  These men, once they've been politically, culturally, economically, and using the criminal justice system defeated, will be known as the new definition of Benedict Arnold.
  They are the plague.
  They are a curse.
  And they are planning, in my view, false flag terror attacks here in America to cement their rollout against us.
  They're spoiling for a war.
  They're spoiling for a coup.
  They're spoiling to overthrow.
  And they're getting ready to carry out terror attacks, that is, their handlers are, to be blamed on those of us that are loyal Americans in our opposition to the destruction of the country and the sellout of the nation.
  And they're all over television saying Trump questioning the election is an act of terror and he's got to be dealt with by the military.
  The government's going to kill this guy.
  And they're on channel saying we need to get members of Congress using the military.
  People sitting in Congress right now, people in and around the former president.
  And then General Milley and General Austin and General Honore get up there and click their heels and say, we want to slug out with the American people, and every white person that doesn't salute us is a white supremacist enemy, and we're the Americans, and they're Hitler, and we're going to get them!
  We're ready for war!
  Turn us loose!
  We're going to get America!
  Death to America, says Milley!
  Death to America, says Austin!
  Death to America, says Honore!
  To chronicle the treason and anti-american activities of General Honoré, Austin, and Milley, it would take years.
  Let us examine only one small data point.
  The gun confiscation that took place after the Katrina hurricane, where peaceful people, high and dry, under the orders of Honoré, had their firearms stolen and taken from them, never to be returned.
  The police and National Guard going street by street.
  House to house, sometimes entering open houses with guns drawn and instructions to disarm anyone inside.
  You said guns will be taken?
  No one will be able to be armed.
  We will take all weapons.
  And now Honoré is organizing the national response for the Democratic Party for gun confiscation.
  That happened today in this wealthy neighborhood where homeowners had armed themselves to protect their mansions.
  Residents were handcuffed on the ground.
  In the end, police took their weapons, but let them stay in their homes.
  For many of the police and guard troops, it is an uncomfortable job to do this in an American city.
  This guard unit occupied a church, using it as a base camp.
  All of a sudden, they were banging on the front door, the side door, and the back door, and they said, let us in.
  I said, is that even loaded?
  I really thought they were going to kill me.
  They took them.
  And they didn't have a right to take them.
  They didn't have a reason to take them.
  You never expect to do this in your own country.
  Chris Montgomery says he'd rather be in Iraq than patrolling American neighborhoods.
  Walking up and down these streets, you don't want to think about the stuff that you're going to have to do.
  Somebody pops around the corner.
  You'd be shooting an American.
  Yeah.
  You know them by their fruits, as Christ said.
  A leopard never changes its spots.
  Here, in focus, is the treason of Honore against the Second Amendment and America.
  Info Wars!
  Alright, ladies and gentlemen, Owen Schroyer here in the InfoWars World Headquarters in Austin, Texas.
  And...
  Coming up, on the other side, is going to be Alex Jones, down at the southern border, and he tells me, we had brief conversations, the footage is incoming now, he says, Owen, we have the most unbelievable footage that we've ever captured from the border, you're not going to believe it, he was breathless on the phone, and so, yeah, we've had half a million people come across the border illegally since Kamala Harris has been put in charge, and it's worse than that.
  Ladies and gentlemen, it is Wednesday, June 30th, 2021.
  InfoWars is on the air, so the resistance is still alive.
  But the globalist assault on America continues, and our very own Alex Jones is down at the southern border witnessing it happening.
  And Alex is on the line with us now with perhaps, we're about to reveal the most unbelievable footage from the southern border that we've seen yet to this date.
  Alex Jones on the line.
  What have you witnessed in McAllen, Texas since your arrival at the border last evening?
  Well, Owen, I want to be calm here because this is the most insane thing I've ever seen.
  Way crazier than sneaking into Bohemian Grove and catching the only footage of the ritual.
  Way crazier than being behind the scenes with Trump, you know, with the RNC 2016.
  Crazier than watching my first children born.
  Because what I witnessed today, in 45 minutes, in 45 minutes, you have to understand something.
  We left after 45 minutes to come back to the hotel so that we would have better bandwidth to upload the raw footage that should be up on Bandai Video in the next 20 minutes or so.
  And it's just raw, unedited, just from one of our cameras.
  42-minute video.
  Let me just start here, okay?
  One of our great camera guys, Zach, who's been here, I guess, eight years, he was with us here the last time we were here a couple months ago, and I looked over, and he had tears in his eyes, and I said, what's going on?
  He's not a drama queen.
  He goes, I just caught on tape.
  One of the little kids was going around looking for somebody crying.
  They don't have a parent with them.
  And then I saw the child about 50 yards away inside the COVID testing center and they just disappeared.
  And then we just kind of glossed over that.
  And then I saw that over and over again, you know, at a mall or at a amusement park when a child's alone, scared for their mom or dad.
  Ladies and gentlemen, on the
  42 minutes of video that's being uploaded.
  And understand, this is going on two miles from me right now, continually.
  We were there 42 minutes, and I saw three buses deliver people.
  I saw six or seven other buses dumping people off down the street.
  I saw dozens of vans.
  The Catholic charity here in McAllen has
  At least seven big buildings.
  One of them is 80 yards long warehouse.
  When the doors open you just see hundreds of women and children inside.
  And I'm standing there as a bus pulls up.
  There's another bus around the corner dumping people off of the alleyway with people in cages.
  Wait till I get to that.
  That's what I'm telling you folks.
  People in cages with private mercenaries.
  Wearing Catholic charity outfits, driving Border Patrol buses with guns on their sides.
  So Biden has deputized all these people, the child smugglers.
  We confronted them, by the way, and the Border Patrol came, because they are their enforcers.
  And then the Border Patrol has said, before they were even commanded, they now complete the smuggling process.
  But I'm standing there, about 30 minutes into this feed, and you're all going to see, being shot on an iPhone,
  Because all the other cameras were fogged up in the rain.
  And I witnessed children looking around, carrying blankets, looking around, I don't know where they are, without mothers.
  And get this, blonde-haired, blue-eyed children, without their mothers, without their fathers, coming up to the security guard and saying, in English, I heard them saying, I want my mother.
  And I started screaming at my security guys, I go, call the police, call 9-1-1, and the kid gets into this spider hole, and the door closes with armed men smiling at us, the ones that didn't have masks on.
  This is beyond anything I have ever imagined.
  So, you all know when you see a child that's lost at Target or Walmart, you all know when a child gets lost at church, you know, you take them to the front and then the PA says, you know, we have a small child here, his name's Cory or whatever.
  We have to come here.
  We have to have a permanent office, which is going to be dangerous, because they'll probably send cartels after us next.
  That's why we kind of hit and run here, because this is all cartel run.
  We have to come down here and stay in McAllen now, because this is human smuggling.
  These are kidnapped children.
  The Senate report said that thousands of children under Obama were knowingly placed with child rapists.
  And so this is just an expansion of that.
  This is tenfold conservatively
  The amount of activity we saw last time, and it was like a beehive of buses and of vans and of taxis, putting them on buses, putting them on planes, charter planes.
  Weird, creepy dudes.
  You know, they're picking up kids for themselves, no IDs, people wearing masks.
  But wait till you see the footage.
  It's being uploaded right now.
  In fact, Rob is in the room next to me.
  I should probably text him, guys, and tell him to send you guys a screenshot of the blonde-haired, blue-eyed kids.
  And again, I'm sitting there and I go, why am I staring at these kids?
  They were barefoot.
  Barefoot.
  Sitting there holding, all they had was a blanket in their hand, with huge black circles around their eyes, blonde-haired, blue-eyed children, ladies and gentlemen.
  But again, okay, maybe the woman married an Anglo guy.
  No, these kids were not with them.
  They were looking for an adult and saying, I want my mommy.
  In English, I heard them walk up to the security guard and said, I want my mommy.
  And I almost jumped over, they put a little fence up there now, almost jumped over and tackle the security guard and grab the kid, but I'd be in jail.
  Then,
  We see another car cramming kids in it without safety seats.
  I walk over and I say, that's illegal.
  They call the police.
  The police come.
  I didn't block the car that time.
  Too long.
  The police say, well, you're right.
  I would have given them a ticket if that happened.
  Call me again.
  But this is all on tape.
  And then the left says what we shot back in April was fake, Owen, even though it's all real.
  And they said, surge the border and you see children.
  We're good to go.
  And I'm just going to say it point-blank.
  We need people to donate at InfoWarsTore.com.
  A purchase of a product is a donation.
  You can be our sponsor.
  Give a five-time gift, a one-time gift, a hundred times gift.
  You can give $100, $5, $1.
  You can do recurring gifts, but we need money because I don't have the money to keep a team down here and to come down here myself at least a day a week.
  It's five and a half hours from Austin.
  We need the funds to do this.
  This, oh, and here's the whole other area.
  There are tens of thousands of people, it's estimated, by the rest of my crew, because we've got the crew split.
  They're out at the airport where Trump is about to land at a DPS airport outside McAllen, and he's going to come to the DPS facility and have a press conference with Governor Abbott.
  Okay, great.
  And Governor Abbott has actually done something now, calling in foreign state police from outside Texas, and they are trying to arrest illegals for trespassing and breaking and entering, and the crimes they're already getting picked up for.
  But the counties locally have pulled out of the emergency declaration, and so they're now, as sanctuary counties, aiding and abetting the smugglers, the cartels.
  And Trump needs to come to downtown McAllen, where they have at least seven buildings,
  With buses and people and smuggling to the left and right.
  No Fox News, no CNN, nobody.
  No, instead they're going to have rallies and rah, rah, we're upset about what's happening at the border.
  That's fine and dandy, but it's the exposure of what's happening here that is the most important because you can go to downtown McAllen at the corner of 15th Street and Austin
  And you can see this for yourself.
  We're going to go back down there today.
  And there's towns like this all over the border.
  The same thing.
  They had hundreds, what, a hundred?
  Tim Inland, my security guy, smart guys here.
  He's been following this.
  How many people did one sector grab in the last few months?
  174,000 in Del Rio.
  174,000 in Del Rio sector.
  And Tim will come on next segment with you, Owen.
  But you have to understand, I could take just this 42-minute video
  And have Alex Jones try to block human smugglers again.
  Women and children transported in cages delivered by private mercenaries to alleyway.
  But it goes on and on.
  And imagine, that's me and my crew in 42 minutes.
  This is one non-stop deal.
  42 minutes.
  We can't even digest all this.
  This is the level of the replacement migration crime that's been committed with the UN shutting down, the world food supply for the last year and a half, with the global lockdown, the first world collapses, the third world dies.
  When they asked these people, why are you here?
  They said, we're starving.
  There's no businesses.
  There's no land.
  We're not allowed to leave our houses.
  We'll be right back with Alex Jones at the border.
  Ladies and gentlemen, we are back live on the Alex Jones Show, and you know, it's just incredible to be witnessing this history and now to even be a part of it.
  InfoWars breaking the news again at the southern border that nobody else will touch.
  We went down there last time, we exposed child sex trafficking happening.
  We showed you how the gang members, the cartel members, are there running the facilities.
  We showed you how the Biden administration is funding all of it, how their policy is completing the process using Border Patrol.
  And we go down there again and it's worse than we've ever seen and that is saying a lot.
  And so this is just one side of the coin of tyranny to collapse the West that we are witnessing right now.
  We're going to have more coming up later on the Alex Jones Show of the total process being used to subvert the United States of America into a third world nation of tyranny.
  And Alex Jones is on the phone with us right now just trying to
  In a short 10-minute segment, explain everything that he's witnessed down at the border since his arrival last night.
  So Alex, pick it up where you left off.
  Okay, now I'm going to hand the phone over to Tim Inlow, who's been in basically, you know, law enforcement, federal, Army, Marines, Blackwater, you name it, and he's also been deployed to the border before when he was in the military, so he can really speak to this at an even better level than I can, but let me be very clear about this when I say these things.
  This is illegal under international, under federal, under state law.
  It is a giant organized crime operation and Biden is exercising his criminal will, just like he did still in the election doing this.
  They still have a waiver that the Justice Department put in, which they don't have the power to do under law.
  The Justice Department now makes law like the judges do.
  Saying four months ago that the people transporting these children and women do not have to have a criminal background check.
  We witnessed prison buses with women and children in cages being loaded into an alleyway, into what looked like a dungeon door, with armed private security.
  We confronted the armed security, politely, but forcefully, and said, what is your authority to be transporting people in these Border Patrol vehicles with guns?
  Who are you?
  They were wearing masks, of course.
  And they said, we are emergency security.
  Then I said, you're not allowed to do this.
  And so then we made them sit there 20 minutes until the border patrol showed up and then they transported them in and would not say who they were.
  And again, the mask is a symbol of this criminal takeover.
  And then I saw unaccompanied, blonde haired, blue eyed children, not one, but three.
  And like, they're walking right by me and then I turn, it's dawning.
  And they walk right around the corner of the little fence in front of the Catholic charity with armed men.
  They walk over, they goes, I want my mama.
  And I said, I was like standing about eight feet away over the fence.
  And my mouth was hanging open.
  And see, when you're hit with something that's criminal, it's like, and then everybody's going along with it.
  It's like Nazi Germany or the Aztecs sacrificing children.
  What do you do?
  Or Jeffrey Dahmer, he learns eating his, you know, eating his neighbors or whatever.
  And he's got them in 50 gallon drums.
  Everybody's just standing around like it's normal.
  I start going, call 9-1-1, call 9-1-1, and my crew goes, they're not going to do anything.
  And so I almost ran through the door and just, because, I mean, I know, I'll grab the kid, they're kidnapped, they're here, we must force this.
  I mean, there are kidnapped children, ladies and gentlemen.
  The Senate report confirms it's happening on a massive scale.
  Literally, because look, if I saw
  You have wonderful little brown children sitting there going, I want my mama, I want my mama.
  That freaked us out before.
  This is blonde-haired, blue-eyed kids, barefoot.
  You know, the CIA got caught in the Finders case back in the 80s.
  Ted Gunnarsson and the FBI, when they were better, exposed this.
  A CIA vehicle with barefoot little kids kidnapped in a van in Florida.
  And that brought down the whole CIA base in D.C.
  where they had kidnapped kids making stunt films and rape films.
  That all came out in the newspaper, folks.
  This is real.
  Look up the Finder's case.
  So I'm telling you, I'm telling you, this is all naked.
  It is out in the damn open.
  This just crossed the line with me.
  I'm not putting up with this.
  I'm not going along with this.
  And we are becoming a narco-terrorist country.
  And there are massive amounts of European tourists and others having their kids kidnapped in Central America.
  And a lot of kids get kidnapped.
  Whenever my uncle was in Guatemala, my cousin got kidnapped back in the 1980s.
  For about three days, they had to pay a ransom.
  So it's very common in Guatemala.
  And these are Central American children.
  I am witnessing kidnapped children.
  The government is pure damn evil.
  Tim Inlow, give people a little bit of a briefing here.
  We'll go to break, come back with you.
  I want to show your hosting and Alex Jones at the McAllen border.
  While Trump is about to land, everybody's waving Trump flags.
  Imagine if they all came to McAllen.
  Yeah, so Owen, as you recall, when we were down here, we documented extensively how the Border Patrol was dropping these illegals off at the COVID testing center in downtown McAllen.
  Well, they've done away with that pretense now, that all those tents have been taken down.
  Yes.
  Right, so as soon as they pull up, and that's why, and that's an interesting point, so that is why they have now switched.
  If you recall, Owen, so before the Border Patrol personnel were the ones driving the buses up to the COVID testing site.
  Now, the Border Patrol already releases them at the detention center and turns responsibility over them to private guards.
  And now it's private guards wearing bandanas over their faces that are driving these buses into downtown McAllen, and then they're pulling up in front of the Catholic Charities RGV, and they're just letting the people out there.
  So when we started filming, they became so worried that they refused to open the buses up and let the illegals out, and they actually called Border Patrol to come assist the private guards in helping get the illegals off the bus and hurry them into the Catholic Charities building.
  And we're witnessing all of this, folks.
  You're seeing some of the footage.
  This is just some of the footage that we've gotten from the crew.
  They're still sending us more.
  So I guess that means that as soon as you get released from that facility, you're basically free.
  I mean, they don't have to go with that private security, right?
  They can just walk down the road.
  Back to Enloe, Owen.
  We're going to rock on the other side, but this is the key to this.
  It's 10 times the magnitude it was before.
  And as fast as they go in, they come back out and then get on the city buses to go God knows where.
  Back to Tim.
  Right.
  And that's exactly right, Owen.
  So they're free to go.
  As soon as they step off that bus, they are free.
  And then after that, as we know, the Catholic Charities then get them plane tickets to fly them throughout the United States.
  And, you know, it's the amount of buses.
  We were there 20 minutes and buses were just coming nonstop.
  In fact, one bus had to wait on 15th Street before he could turn because another bus was already blocking the entrance in front of the Catholic Charities RGV.
  And if you remember when we were down here, Owen, they've now annexed the building across the street, the one with the Hollywood sign on it.
  Catholic Charities has now opened that up.
  So our reporting on that was also accurate.
  It's absolutely 100% accurate, and we now today have footage of them going into both buildings simultaneously.
  So one bus will put up, one group will go into the building marked Hollywood, the other bus will put up and it'll go into the original RGV building.
  Now see, that just proves chicanery because we specifically asked, after doing our own independent investigation, hey, when are you going to launch this new facility?
  They said, no, no, no, that's not our building, we're not doing that.
  Turns out they lied about that too, huh?
  They absolutely lied about that.
  They now have armed guards in front of that building and up to seven to eight security personnel are now walking with the illegals to put them in the vans to transport them to the airport.
  And all their t-shirts said, emergency response team.
  Yeah, we've got this video.
  This is incredible.
  We're gonna be right back with Alex Jones and the crew.
  But folks, let me just say, I mean, they are running, they are openly running human smuggling operations at the southern border right now.
  And they're also running eugenics programs with these vaccines right now.
  I mean, this is incredible stuff.
  We're back here live.
  On the Alex Jones Show, Owen Schroer at the InfoWars World Headquarters in Austin, Texas.
  Alex Jones and crew about five and a half hours south in McAllen, Texas at the southern border.
  No, not where Kamala Harris went for a photo shoot where there's no smuggling going on.
  No, where the actual human trafficking operation is going on.
  Honestly folks, this is so epic, it's so over the top, it's so beyond our pay grade, but nobody else wants to do this, so it has to be InfoWars, and that's why your support at InfoWarsStore.com is so key.
  And Alex Jones and crew, rejoin us there from the border.
  I'm honestly overwhelmed and I witnessed this myself guys but I can't even imagine what you're going through where we're just we're already dizzy and spinning over here with the vaccines killing everybody and then it's like okay hey let's go focus again on this issue and it's just oh yeah they're trafficking hundreds of children across the border every day with now private security masked men it's all totally illegal these kids will have them probably end up in a sex trafficking ring and it's just like
  Oh yeah, the Border Patrol just facilitates it, so I can't even believe that this is happening.
  I can't imagine how overwhelmed you guys are right now.
  Perfectly said, Owen, because you have to understand, we would come down here before and see a bus, and of course there's hundreds of sites like this across the Texas border, we'd see a bus every hour, see a van every 30 minutes.
  This is three, four buses at one time, buses constantly, vans everywhere, an assembly line where there's a shot on the video
  It's almost uploaded to you.
  We were able to send you the first half, but the second half, it's really powerful.
  But the uploads fell a few times.
  So next hour, it's really the second half, because it's all unedited.
  We get out of the car immediately.
  They're smuggling kids out of the building into vans without safety seats.
  It says emergency response with special weird federal tags on the cars.
  It's all these goon guys with masks on and guns bugging their eyes out at us in like fake-looking security guard outfits.
  And these are definitely Central Americans being loaded in.
  And then you see unaccompanied children that are just by themselves looking around for their mommy.
  And then, boom, another van.
  Boom, another bus.
  And then all of a sudden the door opens up and you see people disgorging, and then you look down the block and you see vans.
  Because we were told when we were here months ago that they had just leased seven buildings, not just the big Hollywood building across the street that's just as big as the original Catholic charity, but seven buildings.
  I'm going to talk to locals.
  We're going to investigate today and find out more.
  But imagine one spot, one corner, 15th and Austin, McAllen, Texas.
  And this is what we saw in 42 minutes, so I know next hour you're going to be able to play some of that raw footage for people and show it.
  I know we're showing some of the B-roll now, but you said it, the UN said in the documents that Lou Dobbs and Judicial Watch got 15 years ago, 14 years ago, to my film Endgame, that the plan was to use a virus to bring in global government and to bring collapsing borders and collapsing third world to bring down the first world and bring in world government.
  They do the Great Lockdown, they do the Great Reset,
  That starves the third world to death.
  The U.N.
  organizes them as armies to then completely break our borders and then break our social safety net.
  And then the U.N.
  admits this is their cloward and pivot strategy.
  This is an exact strategy.
  And Congress sits there dumb debating, who really broke the border?
  Why is there a surge?
  When Biden said, as soon as I get elected, he was going to be selected.
  He said, I want you to immediately surge the border.
  And then now they've surged, and Kamala doesn't need to come see the border because they're doing the great job.
  And man, you see these creepy women with devil tattoos and the saint of death tattoos ushering these children in.
  Again, we have videos at multiple airports because they have a private one and then they have the public one.
  And they bring babies, and the same woman with these...
  Grim Reaper Cat tattoos go, this is my baby, you take it now.
  And they go, okay.
  No checkpoint, no records, no nothing.
  Handed off to charities.
  And then we saw today, like 20 waspy-looking, blonde-haired, blue-eyed, you know, trendy college kids getting off a bus and going into one of the Catholic charities.
  Again, because that's part of their college thing, is to help organize this.
  You have NASA saying to employees, take people in.
  You have the Democrats taking people in.
  And then what they do is they then farm these illegals whose identities they control.
  They put them to work in sweatshops.
  They put them to work in restaurants.
  They put them to work in different facilities.
  And then they sign them up and control them through lawyers and skim the money off the top, just like they do with the homeless.
  That's what they invite the homeless in.
  Society collapses.
  Then they get billions of dollars per major city for the homeless.
  That's all skimmed off the top to the left.
  The left farm homeless.
  Any legal alien as a permanent underclass using America's welfare system to bring them in and then implode the country in the end.
  So listen, listeners, you gotta understand, it's a pincer attack with the virus, with the lockdowns, with the killing, with the killing the old people and bringing in these third world poor slaves that will put up with anything and do anything.
  This is economic war.
  This is an attack on the country.
  And I cannot keep this broadcast on air without your support.
  I cannot do this without people realizing that you're word-of-mouth to take these articles and to take these videos from Bandot Video and share them, and I know you're doing it.
  We've all got to work harder, and we've got to push harder, and we've got the 4th of July special going right now that's going to have to end after 4th of July.
  Free shipping, double Patriot Points.
  We need the funds.
  We don't have the big sponsors.
  We don't have that.
  We only have you, listeners.
  These children only have you, and no one else is doing this, so please, go to InfoWareStore.com today.
  We have 60% off on X3.
  I got a big shipment of that in.
  The highest quality tri-iodine, deep-earth crystal iodine, and two other types.
  So many people are deficient in it.
  So many people have low libido and stamina and energy because of that.
  And just take my iodine challenge.
  See it for yourself.
  Take it for a month.
  And if you don't feel more energy, if your skin isn't healthier, if it doesn't do amazing things for you, I'll eat my hat.
  But at this price of 60% off, there is no way you can beat this deal.
  $16.
  We barely make any money per container of it, but I believe you're going to love it so much, you're going to reorder in the future.
  So, please go to infowarstore.com.
  We have free shipping through.
  Sunday, double Patriot points, and we have a bunch of other products back in, like Pollen Block.
  We have other great products, like Prostagard.
  We have other great products, like Supermeltals for Female Vitality, back in stock.
  So many of our other bestsellers were unable to even get in because of a supply chain breakdown that the globalists hit us with.
  It's the lockdown killing people and bankrupting people, not COVID-19.
  So again, listeners, fundraising drive here.
  And if you really want to help us, go right to the front page of InfoWarsTore.com, where it says, Sponsor Us, Give.
  And you can give right there, $5, $10, $50, $100, one-time gift, or sign up for auto-gift of $5, $10, whatever, and just do it.
  Because no one else is fighting this hard, no one else is doing this, and I am doing whatever it takes to get this information out and to expand what we're doing.
  And I believe that we need to have reporters down here several days out of the week,
  I don't think so.
  Right now, in this fight, despite the fact that long-term, we don't have the funds to continue on at this point, because we realize this is the main assault on the United States of America.
  This is the globalist attack, and this is the time for us to put our full energy into this struggle.
  We can't wait any longer.
  And we're going to break here in just a few minutes.
  They say they're 80% uploaded on the raw footage that they're going to be playing large excerpts of.
  Next hour, then Owen's going to be narrating over.
  But I wanted to do two minutes to break.
  Just tell you, Tim Inlow, come over here and make any other points you want to make, or perhaps we should do it on the other side.
  But there's just, we are witnessing the collapse and the takeover of the country.
  So Owen, you take us to break.
  We'll get some final comments from Tim Inlow.
  But again, when you see the escalation...
  I don't
  We were complicit if we let this happen, so I'd love it if the tens of thousands here to see Trump would actually start actually coming and videotaping and exposing and putting it on Facebook and YouTube and Twitter, because I don't have accounts there, but you do have accounts there, dammit!
  And so, the only place we have is Bandai Video, and the only way we get out of this cage is you sharing the videos from Bandai Video, and that's why you're so damn important, listeners, because we cannot let these children be abused, we cannot let this criminal precedent be set of Biden to be a damn
  We're good to go.
  Alright, when we come back we'll be hearing more from Alex Jones and I want to get his take on this because this isn't blaming Trump but it's like Trump is now a distraction like an anglerfish that they can run all these things while we're distracted by the light.
  This is one of those epic broadcasts that you're going to remember for the rest of your life and we've got Alex Jones and crew with us down in McAllen.
  Owen Troyer here in the InfoWars World Headquarters in Austin, Texas and so
  Alex makes such a great point and I know they want to kind of expand on this and just with the human smuggling that they're witnessing there as they're reflecting on everything that they saw today and what we've seen in the past being down in McAllen at this child trafficking center.
  Like you were saying Alex, and I'm getting all these messages, oh Trump's here, and thousands of people are out there waving flags, and so we've reached this weird point, and again, I'm not blaming Trump for this, but it's like, Trump is now just a distraction, a shiny object.
  And everybody's paying attention to what Trump's doing, what he's thinking, oh my gosh.
  Meanwhile, the vaccines are killing people, we have human smuggling, child smuggling happening at the southern border, all the other crimes that the Biden family and the Biden administration is up to, and we can't even get over this weird hard-on for Trump as the election got stolen from him and now he's sitting down in Florida as it all goes out.
  So I mean,
  Again, I'm not blaming Trump, but at what point do we say, hey, it's time to let Trump do his own thing, whatever he's going to do.
  That's irrelevant to us now.
  We still got to save this country.
  Trump can make his own decision of his involvement.
  But this is the perfect analogy, I think, right here, where you have thousands of people over here ready to see Trump, where they should be down in McAllen trying to stop this human smuggling operation from going down.
  He helps get good Republicans elected.
  He's awesome.
  The Republican establishment wants to get rid of him.
  I 100% back Trump trying to energize the Republican Party.
  The issue is the tired old go to the DPS headquarters, sit around a table, talk about what they're going to do, talk about the smuggling.
  That's good.
  That puts a Band-Aid on it.
  But this is a hatchet wound or a 12-gauge shotgun hole.
  We need a tourniquet.
  We need emergency surgery.
  The escalation of this, the thuggishness of these private security dudes wearing masks, making threatening statements to us.
  Women in prison bus cages, children unaccompanied.
  This is a massive crime, and since nothing was done by Congress and nothing was done by the courts in the last six months since Biden stole the election, when we were here four or five months ago and two months ago, it was bad.
  It has escalated off the freaking chart.
  Folks, this looks like people coming into Disney World.
  There's so many.
  This is one spot in one place.
  Completely illegal, and it's all part of the illegal takeover, all part of the medical tyranny.
  They want us to have internal checkpoints to go to the mall or go to the store with a medical ID, a vaccine passport to go to college.
  But, oh, the border's wide open, and the colleges have been turned into engines of leftist activity, where, again, the leftists are bringing in third-world populations sent here because of the COVID lockdown, who they now farm
  Like a chia pet or something they keep in their room.
  I mean, this is unbelievable.
  And I know Tim Inlow's got a lot to add about this, because we're not exaggerating.
  He's been in law enforcement, you know, for a long time.
  He's a good old buzzard, and he can tell you all the different things from his perspective that are going on, because we're not exaggerating.
  This is something out of a nightmare science fiction movie, and it's going on right now.
  And what's scary is, where is Fox News?
  Where is, I mean, I know OAN's had some reporters here, Newsmax has, great.
  But I don't see anything as hardcore as we got.
  Every time we step out of a damn SUV, it's like, there's video, this 40 minute video that's now been sent to you.
  Where I'm literally sitting there and I see the kids being smuggled without their parents.
  And I go, what the hell's this?
  Call 9-1-1.
  And then more buses and more cars.
  There's a shot where there's buses at all the four-way stops.
  Buses and vans.
  So many of them that it's like there's people everywhere, crossing the streets everywhere.
  It's like a freaking anthill, man.
  And so when you hear that it's 500,000 have come across since Kamala got in, this one border sector found almost that many.
  Tim, I'll give people a quick summation of what you witnessed today.
  Right.
  You know, and I'd like to I'd like to key off what you said, Owen, and what Alex said, and that is, you know, Trump coming in and Abbott coming in.
  We know while both of them have their good points, this is just smoke and mirrors.
  It's just a photo op for attention that says, you know, and a part of that is good because we need attention focused on this issue.
  But literally, while they're walking around getting their pictures taken, there are thousands of illegals being dropped off in downtown McAllen.
  And all the Americans are at the rally waving flags and waving Trump banners, which is doing nothing.
  What we need them to do is be in front of the Catholic Charities RGV building and sit there and protest and say, you're not bringing these illegals in here, right?
  That's really what we need.
  We need Americans to get involved, to sit there and videotape and expose this just as we are doing right now.
  And if you remember last time we were down here, Owen, they called the police on us several times.
  Well, they did so again today.
  And it's really frustrating, as a former law enforcement officer, because McAllen police comes out, they talk to us, and I'm trying to explain to them how they're stuffing these illegal kids in the taxi cabs right in front of us, five minutes before McAllen police showed up today, without car seats,
  And the McAllen police officer's response was, well, we're here for you because we heard you were blocking traffic.
  We're not blocking traffic.
  We're trying to prevent them from stuffing kids into cars without car seats and then taking them to God knows where.
  And, you know, the officer's like, well, I don't understand why you're raising your voice.
  Well, we're raising our voices because we're upset about what's happening in our country.
  We're upset about children being smuggled and being transported illegally.
  We're upset about that.
  And, you know, they're like, well, call us next time you see it.
  Well, we've been calling since April.
  They've known about this since April.
  And here's another question.
  What's coming next if we keep putting up with this level?
  What's the next level of abuse?
  And so the scale of this is just, right now, it's unfathomable.
  It's unbelievable what we're seeing down here.
  And we need, Owen, if you can encourage Americans, come down to the border, bring your cameras, bring your videos, bring your phones, and expose this.
  Help us expose what's going on.
  Because the administration narrative is, oh, there's no crisis, nothing's going on.
  And one day in McAllen, Texas, and you'll know the scale of this crisis.
  And there are great patriots down there in McAllen, but they're not enough, ladies and gentlemen.
  The True Texas Patriots group down there that I've been in contact with, I mean, it's just a small group of people down there.
  And that's what's so frustrating.
  It's like, hey, look, Infowars is banned everywhere, man.
  All of our reporters, Alex Jones, you can't even share our links.
  It's like, hey, why don't other people with massive followings that aren't censored make a big deal out of this?
  Hey, that's great.
  Trump, you're down there and you're bringing awareness.
  And I've got an idea.
  I've got bullhorns.
  I didn't bring the armored vehicle with this giant bullhorn.
  But next time Trump comes down here, I'm going to go to this event and tell everybody, hey, great, when you're done listening to Trump, let me come show you the actual human smuggling.
  Let's go protest this.
  Let's camp out.
  Let's basically shut it down by exposing it.
  And so I'm going to go to actually Trump's rally today, and I'm going to tell people on the bullhorn, hey, when you're done seeing Trump speak and everything, that's great.
  We're going to go back down to the corner of 15th and Austin in downtown McAllen.
  People gotta see this for themselves, Ellen.
  It's insane.
  Yeah, and of course we've been witnessing this for months now, and like you said, where is the other news?
  I mean, like for any news reporter, this is the number one story.
  Why would you not be covering this?
  Quite frankly, it's the easiest thing!
  You sit on the corner and just hit record!
  That's all you have to do!
  Last time you were here, I know Zach got really upset because he saw little kids, Hispanic kids, were going mama by themselves.
  It's clear when a kid's by themselves.
  Okay, you can kind of go, okay, maybe their mom's somewhere else or whatever.
  No, obviously they've been kidnapped and grabbed.
  It's been confirmed that a percentage of them have been kidnapped and used as a way to get across the border.
  Because some of these are like full-grown men with the kid, but the kid doesn't like them.
  And I understand the Hispanics have a lot of Anglo-white background genetics, or sometimes, you know, dark Hispanic parents have a blonde-haired, blue-eyed kid.
  That's not what's going on today.
  I saw blonde-haired, blue-eyed kids with no shoes on walking up to the armed guards saying, I want my mother.
  I mean, the kid had an Anglo accent, an American accent.
  There's a kidnapped kid.
  It's a kidnapped kid with Central Americans.
  I saw it with my own damn eyes.
  I bet my right arm.
  And of course, we've seen the Hispanic kids clearly have been kidnapped as well.
  They're not with their damn mothers.
  Most of them are with their mothers.
  But I'm telling you, remember they did genetic tests and found one-third, Trump was doing it, one-third are not with their mothers.
  They're not even with a kin person that's a fifth cousin.
  One-third are not.
  That was when Trump was cramping down.
  One-third are not with their biological parents or even their damn family.
  So we know what's going on, and I'm telling you, we need to push for impeachment of Biden, for crimes against humanity, human smuggling right now.
  Instead, the dam has just broken.
  This is so bold.
  The crimes of the globalists, the crimes of the Democratic Party, the crimes of the Republican leadership not doing anything.
  Mitch McConnell.
  I mean, I've never... I feel dirty and ashamed for the first time in my life being American.
  I do.
  I feel ashamed right now.
  I don't feel like I'm doing enough.
  I want to go down there right now.
  I don't feel good about myself unless I go down there right now and save those kids.
  I'm serious.
  Well that's the problem here, Alex, and that's the conclusion you reach when you just war game it out in your head, is there's really only one option.
  You want to stop this?
  You're going to get arrested!
  I mean, that's it!
  You try to stop this human smuggling operation, you're going to get arrested.
  And why do people act so naive to this?
  You've seen the stories.
  Florida, Los Angeles, dozens of kids in cages.
  You see Huffington Post reporters arrested for sending out child porn.
  Where do you think they get the children to get raped on film, folks?
  Those kids just don't appear out of nowhere!
  They get smuggled into this country!
  They're abusing these children.
  We saw the creep come out.
  We were here last time and go, hey.
  These women need to know the Lord, and I will teach them, the big tall white guy.
  He goes, I'm here to get him to work for me in Pennsylvania.
  And he was inside, we had an undercover police lady in there, and that's why he ran out to confront her, and he ran into our people.
  Alright, we got a short break, we'll be right back with Alex Jones.
  Alright, we're gonna have a busy...
  Broadcast, just like in the first hour.
  Quickly, though, we go back to Alex Jones in McAllen, Texas.
  Just incredible footage.
  It's all going to be aired here on The Jones Show today.
  You can find it all at Band.Video.
  Alex, again, just recapping the epicness of this human smuggling operation being run by the Biden administration.
  That's right.
  The key is to understand we get out of the car at like 9.30 a.m.
  in McAllen and we park one street over where there's, you know, pre-parking.
  And as soon as we round the corner, there's like buses and vans and children and people going back and forth across the street with the little manila envelopes they can fly out to wherever they're going.
  And it just begins to dawn on us.
  So we shot 42 minutes consecutively.
  And that's what's crazy is we're not like cherry picking this.
  It's 42 minutes consecutively that you're going to air large sections of next hour.
  It just got to the crew.
  They now have it.
  I know you got a big guest coming on.
  I don't want to preempt that guest.
  This is just as important what you're about to cover.
  The forced inoculations, the danger of children, and this medical doctor you've got on has testified to the Senate that's been censored.
  So folks, you definitely want to stay tuned for that because I cannot explain enough.
  I mean, I could slap myself in the face if I need to, folks.
  You're everything.
  You are the gunpowder in the round that fires the bullet down the barrel when you share these articles and videos.
  So this video, we haven't come up with a headline yet, but as soon as I get off here, we'll have a headline for it.
  This is going to go live at Bandon Video, but you can't share that link most places.
  It's blocked.
  You've got to share freeworldnews.tv.
  That's the new URL to share.
  And share it and say, here is the explosive footage of the child trafficking.
  You will see children clearly saying, where's my mommy?
  We're good to go.
  They weren't holding their hand.
  They were going up the security guard saying, I want to be with my parents.
  You could see it on tape.
  You know children that are separate.
  Most of the children are with their parents, holding their hand, clinging to them.
  But I'm literally seeing white kids that are by themselves.
  There's the deal.
  Do I go to the Trump rally right now and like stand there and go, oh, Trump, great, you know, and Trump gives a press conference?
  Or do I go back down to 15th and Austin and McAllen?
  Or do I go out to where they keep these people under bridges?
  Or should I go show all the smuggling and the people swimming across and just all of that because that's what's happening.
  So again, I'll explain to listeners.
  There are less and less media outlets that are able to get the truth out.
  That's why Infowars is more important than ever.
  And we have to stay on air and I have to have your support.
  So go.
  We're good to go.
  Deep Earth Crystal Iodine, and what your body's hungry for.
  Go there.
  In fact, there's a whole list of things that are for sale.
  Owen, you probably should pull the red folder out and just list it, because new cells are being added every day that we can only add for a day or two.
  A lot of these cells go through July 4th, and some of them are only for a day or two, because there's such limited supplies.
  Owen, if you've got that red folder, what are a few of the other things that are on sale right now?
  Because we really need people to take action now, and buy products at mfulmorestore.com.
  We have Alpha Power, 40% off.
  Veso Beat Complete, 50% off.
  Pollen Block, the great seasonal distress reliever, 40% off.
  Survival Shield X2, 50% off.
  Super Male and Super Female Vitality, 50% off.
  Survival Shield X3, 60% off.
  Limited supplies on that.
  That sale will end soon.
  BioTrue Selenium, 50% off.
  Ultimate Krill Oil, 40% off.
  All our water filtration systems, all our water filtration systems, 10% off.
  And storable food supplies, 10% off.
  That's the best price you're going to find on storable food supplies right now is at InfoWareStore.com, 10% off.
  Part of the July 4 Super Sale.
  And by the way... Let me explain in closing why this is so important.
  I haven't spent a lot of time with the accountants.
  We're having trouble getting enough money on the supplies we can even get to reorder the supplements and reorder the product and have it to sell in the future, because I've eaten so much into our reserves that I'm getting to the point where I'm going to do a fundraiser just to be able to buy product in the future.
  Everything we have in stock is ready to ship to you.
  M4 Wars is the lowest on E it's ever been.
  Three of our best-selling products are now back in stock after months and months of not being available because of the COVID lockdowns that destroy the supply chain.
  BioTrue Selenium is the highest quality selenium from the mustard seed.
  It is essential for all cellular activity in the body.
  It's critical and it funds the M4 War.
  It's back in stock.
  Then we have Ultimate Krill Oil.
  Highest grade of krill oil.
  All the things it does for your brain, your cardiovascular system.
  Your memory, your sleep, everything.
  It's back in stock.
  And by the way, all these are discounted 40 to 50% off.
  But then, one more other great item is now back in stock.
  We got a good shipment of it in, so I want to offer it the lowest price ever, so you experience the benefits.
  And that is Survival Shield X3 Tri-Ionine, 60% off, with free shipping, double Patreon points.
  We're good to go.
  All right, we're back here on the Alex Jones Show.
  Owen Schroer sitting in studio.
  We're about to be joined by Dr. Angelina Ferrella.
  Guys, just pull that down.
  Just pull that down.
  Real quickly, though, we're going to go right back to Alex before we bring the good doctor on to talk about these vaccines and all the side effects that the mainstream media is covering up and censoring.
  Final comments from Alex down there at the border before he rejoins us later on.
  That's right, folks.
  We're swinging for the fences here.
  They're imploding the borders.
  They're imploding our healthcare system.
  They're bringing in a planned collapse that's in the UN's own documents.
  We're so blessed to have this amazing, crusading doctor who is about to take over.
  And I just can't wait while we're driving back to go to the Trump rally to be able to listen to this great doctor.
  Thanks to all the supporters that keep InfoWars on the air.
  I just want to say, we're going to have more live reports from the border today.
  I'll be on during the War Room today.
  I'll be on towards the next hour.
  We're gonna air that exclusive footage, the most shocking stuff you've ever seen, next hour.
  And just pray for us down here, because this is a dangerous situation, and this really has shaken me to my very, very core, to see children, clearly, that have been kidnapped without parents crying for mommy, being led by armed men.
  We're good to go.
  All of our guests are amazing people and it's critical to ask all our great guests to share the live feed to their people from FreeWorldNews.tv because that's how we override the censors.
  Remember, all these medical doctors and scientists and senators are being censored by Big Tech.
  Big Tech has been caught covering up where COVID came from.
  They've been caught covering up the treatments.
  They've committed crimes against humanity.
  We are facing a criminal assault.
  Back to Owen Schroer taking over the Alex Jones Show.
  God bless you ladies and gentlemen.
  Please take the live link now and share it because what this doctor is about to say is beyond critical.
  And so we are now joined by Dr. Angelina Ferrella.
  I could go off of her list here of everything she's accomplished, but it's more important what she's doing now.
  For more information, ABT4, the number four, kids.com or AFLDS.org for more information.
  And I've got stacks of news about the vaccine.
  We've covered all the numbers of the deaths from the vaccine.
  We showed you the powerful press conference that Ron Johnson had.
  Of course!
  Well, thanks for having me today.
  And I'm really hopeful that the message really gets out broad and wide and loud and clear.
  The COVID vaccine is totally inappropriate for children under the age of 18.
  Totally inappropriate.
  COVID does not affect children.
  COVID actually, if they do get it, you know, it's a very mild disease and their survivability is 99.997%.
  So you have to understand that the reason why I've come out so strongly against this is because when you're looking at risk and benefit, that there really is no benefit for these children to get a vaccine for a disease process that they really don't get, nor do they spread.
  We know from early on in the Chinese studies that the only time a child would really contract COVID was from their parent.
  And it was actually quite rare.
  So children acted as a buffer.
  And this is something that I, when I read it and I understood it, I was so happy to see it because I was thinking, this is fantastic.
  The kids are the buffer.
  The kids are going to be the ones that actually confer immunity throughout the population.
  Because if you think about it, children are 30% of our population.
  And so experts are telling us that more than 50% of them now are immune to coronavirus.
  And it's because as children, they get colds all the time.
  And the common cold is coronavirus.
  It's one of the viruses that causes the common cold.
  And children, as we know,
  Always get colds.
  It's not unusual for a child to get a cold.
  Well, this is one of those issues where you do not vaccinate a child against a disease that they have no risk for.
  It doesn't make any sense.
  It doesn't make sense that we are telling our children the reason they should get vaccinated is to protect grandma.
  That is ludicrous.
  There's so much risk involved in this vaccine.
  Number one, it is a technology that has never been in a vaccine before.
  Number two, there are no long-term studies whatsoever on safety.
  Number three, the original trials did not include anyone under the age of 18.
  Number four, the original trials did not include anyone that was immune to COVID.
  So they never checked anyone that had COVID in the past and enrolled them in these studies.
  Because we know now that if you are COVID recovered or COVID immune and you receive a vaccination, that you have a two to three times higher risk of getting very high severe adverse events.
  This is just the data.
  So let me ask you this question and I'll withhold my opinion.
  It's pretty well known I would imagine to this audience, but I'll ask you.
  With everything you've just said and with now the data that we have, so we can say this without hesitation, the vaccine is more dangerous for children under 18 than COVID.
  Actually, the vaccine is more dangerous for people under 30 than COVID, but we'll stick with the kids right now.
  So why do you suppose they would be doing this?
  Well, there's two interesting facts that you need to know.
  The reason, I don't know the reason why they're doing this, honestly, and I'm hopeful,
  That my thought processes of it being very sinister is a farce.
  However, the data is pointing to not so much.
  We originally had hope that the kids were never going to be touched.
  We know that from the Israeli data that they reached herd immunity without touching a kid.
  So we were real hopeful here in the United States that the children would be just left alone.
  Unfortunately, with the EUA in place, there's two major issues at bay here.
  The first one is the fact that under EUA, which is the Emergency Use Authorization, they can authorize in a quote-unquote emergency situation, which of course right now has not been lifted to date, but hopefully will be very, very soon.
  And in that,
  They don't really have to abide by the law that states that if a product is FDA approved and causes or has a potential to cause 25 deaths, it needs to be pulled off the market.
  So they really don't want this to actually become FDA approved because almost immediately it will be pulled.
  If it even makes that approval.
  And so I'll ask you this.
  Do you believe COVID is still an emergency or ever was an emergency?
  So when we look at, again, data, let's just look at the data.
  You know, I've lived through five pandemics as a physician.
  So for me, you know, this was not as bad as the 2017 flu epidemic that we had just in 2017, just a few years ago.
  I was seeing 60 to 80 patients a day running around like crazy, testing for the flu, treating for the flu, you know, giving people advice about how to protect themselves and how to protect others and what vitamins to take and so on and so forth.
  And if you see this, this, the approach that we had with this pandemic is so off key.
  It's completely off.
  You know, the first media coverage where things like,
  Stay home.
  Don't see your doctor.
  Just take some over-the-counter remedies until you can't breathe anymore, and then go and visit the emergency room.
  We have never done this before in history.
  In medical history, I've never seen anything like this before.
  So this is a big problem.
  You know, the numbers show that it falls in the normal range of other pandemics in the past histories.
  So I don't think this is something that we really need to worry about as far as, is it over?
  Yeah, it's been over.
  And there's evidence to show we've been at herd immunity since before 2% of the population was even starting to be vaccinated.
  And you know, either way, whether this was the emergency the media claimed it was or not, the government does not have the right to just take control of your life and your body just through declaring an emergency.
  That's a very dangerous precedent being set.
  We'll be right back with Dr. Angelina Ferrella.
  We're back here on the Alex Jones Show.
  Owen Schroer sitting in for Alex Jones.
  Dr. Angelina Ferrella is our guest.
  And Doctor, I'm not sure if you follow the news as much as I do.
  You're obviously studying the data, so our perspectives might be different on this, but I'm curious if, in your own headspace, when looking at this data and seeing all this play out, what you're thinking, because
  All I'm doing is just covering the news every day.
  I don't know if you saw the press conference by Ron Johnson the other night, where these poor families are bringing up their kids that had the adverse reactions.
  And so this is all happening.
  It's all real.
  Even if the media wants to not cover it and big tech wants to censor it, this is very real stuff.
  These are very real people this is happening to.
  So knowing that's all going on,
  And that's in your mind that's going on.
  But then seeing the continuation of the push from Dr. Fauci, the push from the Biden administration saying, yes, get vaccinated.
  We need at least 70, 80 percent of people vaccinated.
  Yes, vaccinate your kids.
  What goes through your mind when you see those two conflicting developments happening?
  Easy, this is criminal, what we're doing to our kids, absolutely criminal, because I was around in 1999.
  When rotavirus vaccine was on the market and there were 15 cases of a condition called intussusception.
  And what intussusception is, is when the GI tract basically telescopes on itself.
  Sometimes it releases on its own and sometimes it needs help to release.
  So I was one of the doctors at the time that was told to please go and check all the refrigerators and pull all the rotavirus because it was being recalled.
  Because of this incident.
  So for 15 cases of a medical entity that was non-life-threatening, it pulled a vaccine off the market.
  And I remember back then, I remember thinking, wow, this is really kind of awesome because these companies are really looking at the safety for kids.
  They are looking out for the safety of our children.
  This whole
  COVID thing has just blown us out of my mind now.
  It just upsets me to my core about how we are allowing these companies to use our children as lab rats.
  Never before has any product for children hit the market without at least three to six to eight years of safety data before we even introduce it into our pediatric population.
  What happened with that?
  It's been thrown out the window completely.
  So now we're, we're vaccinating a group of children that number one, don't need to be vaccinated against an illness that they do not have significant risk for them.
  They just don't.
  It's very simple.
  So that's one of the things that, that has really pushed me to come out and speak out against this, because this is one of those issues where
  You only give a vaccine to a person that is at high risk for major risks from that particular disease.
  You do not use vaccination to protect another age group that's at risk.
  And that's what we're doing right now.
  So my faith in the pharmaceutical industry and their protection of kids has been completely destroyed.
  What we're doing on the, you know, health departments,
  Level is also something that just is throwing me way off because I went yesterday to the Houston Health Department.
  They had a public forum, which basically wasn't a public forum.
  Because within that audience, there were plants that were very obvious from the health department.
  So when I raised concerns and questions, they basically were poo-pooing what I had to say, minimalizing, basically trying to shut me up.
  From being recorded and broadcasting this information to the public that was online, that may have been watching online.
  So it was, it was a complete and utter farce.
  I tried to bring up the fact that, you know, for children with a 99.997% survivability, what that means is that basically one in a million chance of a child dying from COVID.
  However,
  These vaccines are killing one in 3000 people.
  That's unacceptable.
  There is no reason whatsoever that the safety of the American public should be forefront in this.
  Absolutely not.
  And children should be completely excluded and protected because a great majority of them may be actually already immune and we are harming them.
  So the other thing is, I don't know if you saw the ACIP, which is the Advisory Committee of Immunization Practices.
  They had their emergency meeting last Wednesday, and I listened in on a great majority of it.
  Honestly, I had to shut it off at certain points because I was yelling at my phone about how ludicrous some of the statements that were coming through from these board members.
  They were downplaying the side effect of myocarditis and pericarditis as if it was really just a mild event.
  That is so upsetting to me because myocarditis and pericarditis, they are not something that are... No, I mean, let's be clear.
  That's like saying a heart attack is a minor event.
  Correct.
  Absolutely.
  And it's heartbreaking.
  Because they were saying, Oh, these children fully recovered, fully recovered.
  98% of them were in the hospital.
  What do you mean they fully recovered?
  It takes six months to even determine whether or not there is damage to that child's heart.
  These vaccines have only been available to these kids for about six, eight weeks now.
  And yet we have over 300 cases of reported
  Myocarditis or pericarditis.
  You have to understand that the reporting through the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System is backlogged right now.
  We know that it's backlogged.
  We also know that those numbers are only representative of about 1 to 10% of the actual adverse events that are going on at this moment.
  And so, you know, these numbers actually can be way, way in excess of the 300 or so that they're actually putting on the VARS Reporting System site.
  So this, of course, is something that, other than to say that it's very upsetting, right?
  We're seeing it after the first shot and we're also seeing it even in higher proportions and in greater leaps and bounds after a second shot.
  And what's even more disturbing is the fact that the board even came out and stated that if a child got myocarditis or pericarditis from the first inoculation that
  As long as they quote-unquote recovered, it was okay for them to get the second shot.
  This is mind-blowing that they're not even recognizing a very serious adverse event.
  It is not mild.
  There's no such thing as mild myocarditis.
  And if you don't believe me, why don't we look at the most quoted and the most published cardiologist in the entire nation, Dr. Peter McCullough.
  Look at his studies.
  Look at what he's coming out with because Peter 100% is behind me with this too.
  When I actually asked him about this and I said, Peter, you know, I'm really disturbed.
  And he says, absolutely.
  This is ridiculous.
  We don't vaccinate something, a child for a disease they don't get, a disease that they have no risk from, especially now when so early on, we're seeing these high risks.
  Problems, myocarditis, pericarditis.
  Let's not even talk about the fact that many of these cases are being misdiagnosed and not reported.
  And these are just the most common side effects.
  We haven't even talked about the Guillain-Barre syndrome, the seizures, all the rest.
  We'll be right back with Dr. Angelina Ferreira.
  We're back here on the Alex Jones Show.
  Dr. Angelina Ferrella is our guest, and there's just so much to cover with her.
  I'm going to try to get to all of it here in the next two segments with the good doctor.
  So let me just ask you this, because you were kind of getting into this in the last segment, and we're really focusing on the children here, but again, it must just be stunning and shocking
  For me it is, because I just, I see all the lies, but they say safe and effective, safe and effective, safe and effective, safe and effective, when quite frankly, the data shows that it's neither safe or effective.
  Because we're seeing the entire cruise ships that have been vaccinated, cases of coronavirus.
  In Massachusetts, they're keeping the data really tight, all these people vaccinated, thousands of people testing positive for COVID.
  And then you have the Delta variant, which seems to be an offshoot of the vaccinated people, but we can get to that later.
  So they say safe and effective, even though neither of it is true.
  And we've discussed this with the children, but what about with adults?
  What about with adults?
  What about the short-term side effects, the long-term side effects?
  What are you seeing?
  What are your concerns with adults that are getting vaccinated?
  What we are seeing and hearing from boots on the ground, I'm talking about
  Medical professionals that are still in the emergency rooms that are manning the floors.
  I spoke with an ambulance personnel the other day, he's an EMT, and he's telling me the calls that they're doing lately, it tends to be 110% post-vax.
  Post-vax adverse events.
  So you're talking like EMTs going to the scene of people having adverse reactions from the vaccine is like the number one thing right now?
  That is what this AMT told me.
  He said the majority, if not all of their calls that he has done on his shifts, you know, they do 24 to 48 hour shifts at a time.
  He says they're all related in one way, shape or form to some kind of adverse event that's happening because of a vaccinated patient.
  And, you know, heart attacks, strokes, neurologic problems, I mean, severe neurologic problems.
  We're seeing all kinds of strange things.
  You know, Dr. Taryn Clark, who's one of our American Frontline Doctors, she's a neurologist, and she is seeing just insane numbers of horrible effects that are occurring in the neurology realm.
  The heart attack rate is probably through the roof.
  Let me just cut you off right there and ask you this for a comparison here.
  Because you're a doctor, you were around in the year 2020, you're here in 2021.
  What was a bigger, you know, kind of onslaught of reports?
  What was a bigger event horizon for doctors?
  Was it the COVID pandemic or has it been the vaccines?
  You know, that's a hard one because I think the brainwashing has gone across the medical establishment that is so thick, I can't even understand it.
  And that's one of the reasons why I came out and that I reached out to the American Frontline Doctors because I felt like this, our world has been turned upside down.
  Never before in medical history, not since I've been practicing for 25 years now, have I seen such propaganda against
  The patient-physician relationship.
  You know, every time you turn on the television, there's some kind of targeted TV commercial that told you to stay home, wash your hands, stay away from people, wear a mask.
  And now, every time you turn on the TV, there's constant commercials barraging you with propaganda that state, get vaccinated.
  It's the only way that we can stop the pandemic.
  And it's the only way that we can become normal again.
  This is not normal.
  This has never been normal.
  So we are not ever going to reach normalcy with this because if we don't actually show both sides of the story where doctors actually open their eyeballs and understand that sometimes the patient in front of them is dealing with a direct
  Adverse event from a vaccine.
  And yes, that by law is supposed to be reported.
  It's criminal.
  It's malpractice.
  And I hate to say that about my peers.
  Honestly, I mean, it breaks my heart to hear that there are patients coming to me.
  I'm a pediatrician in a small community in Southeast Houston.
  And I have adult people calling me all the time because they know that I will treat them.
  I will treat them whether they have COVID.
  I will help protect them if they don't have COVID or never have been exposed to COVID or if they ever fear that they may be exposed.
  I mean, we have opened our doors so wide at this point that it just still blows my mind that there are doctors telling their patients, one, we won't see you if you're not fully vaccinated.
  That's ridiculous.
  Secondly, they won't see their patients if they have one or two symptoms of COVID.
  I have patients coming to me, pediatric patients, where parents are like, my kid is probably suffering from allergies, but our doctor won't see them because they have a runny nose and cough.
  And that is actually two symptoms of COVID.
  So they will not see us unless our child is COVID tested first.
  That's ridiculous.
  We are doctors.
  What did we sign up for?
  It is ludicrous to me to find out that there are doctors going bankrupt during a pandemic.
  Isn't that actually against the Hippocratic Oath?
  That you turn patients down?
  I just, I don't know what's going on to be honest with you.
  Seriously.
  This whole thing has just blown my mind and that's why... Well look doctor, let me just tell you...
  I mean, I could tell you what's going on.
  I kind of just want people to experience it for themselves because it's more powerful.
  If I tell you that a vaccine was released to run a population control program on the planet, you wouldn't believe me.
  I completely understand.
  That sounds outlandish.
  So I don't just bring that on to people.
  But when you see it and experience it for yourself and you have that realization yourself, it's all the more powerful.
  But so let me ask you this.
  And I'll combine these two topics that I wanted to get into with you.
  What is actually in this vaccine?
  Have you looked into the ingredients?
  What do you think about the ingredients?
  And is it even technically a vaccine?
  Well, let me go to the second one first, because the second question is much easier.
  Because if you define the second question, the first one doesn't matter.
  It's not a vaccine.
  This is not a vaccine at all.
  It's a genetic product.
  It is not a vaccine.
  It has never been used in the vaccine industry before ever this technology ever.
  Um, we, we actually know, I, you know, I don't even want to get into that kind of craziness, but really, honestly, it's not a vaccine.
  So when you're looking at, at just that part of it, it should have never been able to even be classified under emergency use authorization.
  But they, you know, we find now that, you know, the dictionary is now changing the definition of what a vaccine is.
  It's actually when there was a change done in the actual dictionary so that this whole nonsense could be justifiable, I guess, in the future.
  You know, we're changing history just to suit ourselves, I guess.
  So that kind of just pushes it away from that.
  Do we know what's in the vaccine?
  Well, it's proprietary.
  It's completely proprietary.
  So they don't even have to tell us the truth about what's in it.
  So no, we don't know what's in it.
  We do know some things.
  We know about the spike protein.
  We know about spike protein syndrome, which is the actual, you know, a lot of people refer to it as shedding.
  Well, basically what happens is this mRNA goes into your system.
  It starts manufacturing protein through your DNA, and this protein doesn't have a shutoff valve.
  There's no on-off switch or anything.
  So you're just producing these spike proteins
  In numbers that are in such great, overwhelming numbers that your body can't contain them within your skin, honestly.
  And so what happens is that these proteins, I mean, think about how small these things are.
  These things, they're teeny-weeny.
  So a mask is irrelevant.
  I mean, the math doesn't block it, trust me.
  So the mask is completely irrelevant.
  You could do that if you want to, but honestly, it's not doing a darn thing, except making you hypercapnic.
  But it's being shed through the skin, through inhalation and exhalation of a person that's been vaccinated.
  So they're actually sending these proteins onto people that are not vaccinated.
  And that's why the unvaxed or what I don't even like calling them unvaxed.
  I'd like to say that many of these people that are unvaxed are really COVID immune.
  They are COVID recovered, but they are still feeling the effects of the spike protein syndrome.
  They are calling us with problems with headaches, with fatigue, with unusual sensations like numbness in their hands and feet.
  I've gotten many personal reports of that.
  And so, the other interesting thing is that we have... Hold that thought.
  We've got to take a break.
  Let's come right back.
  Hold that thought, Dr. Angelina Ferrella.
  This has been very powerful.
  Another segment coming up.
  Don't go anywhere, folks.
  Share these videos.
  Alright, ladies and gentlemen, I've got some more breaking news on this right now that I'm not going to go too deep into, but just so that folks have a better understanding, because I hope this video goes viral with Dr. Angelina Ferrella.
  You have this company out of France, Sanofi, that has just decided they're going to start investing hundreds of millions of dollars every year into the mRNA vaccine research and this is something that they've been hesitant on because in the past
  mRNA vaccine research has been done since the 30s, but for the 90 years up to this point, they've never got it past animal trials because every group of animals they test the mRNA vaccine with dies.
  So for 90 years, they've been killing animals testing this vaccine.
  Oh, now they roll it out to the public without approval because of the Emergency Youth Authorization.
  Boy, that's extremely dangerous.
  So this is just more evidence that, oh, Big Pharma realizes now, the rulebook's thrown out,
  People die, people get side effects, doesn't matter!
  So we're just gonna keep investing this, we'll roll it out to the public, and it won't even matter if people die, so we'll invest all the money, and we're immune from lawsuits anyway.
  So I figured I'd just break that with the doctor, Angelina Ferrella, on with us, and I wanted to ask her this...
  Because this is the new phenomenon.
  Now, our health establishment, Fauci, and these doctors that go on mainstream news are saying, oh well, just mix the vaccines.
  Just get one here, one over there, get your double dose, whatever.
  Just get a hundred vaccines, they're saying now.
  Beyond just the fact it's still in testing phase, it's just like, oh yeah, let's just, let's just double.
  I mean, this is like mad scientist stuff.
  So, what do you make of them saying now, combine your vaccines.
  It's fine.
  This is just, it's absolutely ludicrous.
  And I think part of the problem is, is because they lied on the efficacy data.
  So even by Pfizer's own data, if you look at Pfizer's own data, it shows that there's less than a 1% efficacy rate, not 95%.
  That is, that is an outright outrageous lie.
  And on top of that, you still are seeing propaganda.
  Like yesterday, when I went to this public hearing,
  Um, that they, on the sheets that they give the public, you know, that is part of the information that they disseminate to tell people like this is safe and effective.
  Under the side effects, it's very suspect because, you know, these vaccines have been out now for six, seven, eight months now.
  We are seeing horrible side effects.
  I mean, you can see, I'm sure you know this and your, and your viewers know this, that the number one deadliest vaccine ever in history
  Is this one, is this class of vaccines, is the COVID vaccines.
  They have more deaths and more adverse events recorded and reported.
  And just so people understand, we're not talking about, we're not talking about a little uptick here, folks.
  We're talking about six months of this vaccine being rolled out and the death numbers are literally off the charts.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  I mean, if you combine all the years that we have been collecting data on adverse events from vaccines and add them all up, they still, they pale in comparison.
  They're not even close.
  Not even close.
  It's ridiculous.
  I mean, swine flu, that vaccine, when that came out, that was pulled after 25 deaths.
  25.
  We are now in excess of six
  1,000 deaths and I can tell you I've been looking and trying to really combine the data But because the CDC by their own admission is telling you that there's a backlog on their information And so not all the data is even in VAERS the way it should be That I can't even give you a real good solid death rate in children under 18, and I'm looking into that I'm having people help me to try to get these numbers because to me I
  We really need to see these numbers in order to combine real apples to apples, right?
  So we're going to start comparing things.
  We need to really compare, for instance, the death rate from COVID versus the death rate from the vaccines.
  Let's compare it, because I can tell you that just on the face level, simple math, stuff that you learned in sixth grade, one in a million chance of dying from COVID if you're under the age of 30, actually.
  Versus an overall rate of 1 in 3,000 deaths from the vaccine.
  And by the way, these are the rigged numbers that we have to go off of because we know that they were inflating the COVID numbers, we know they were inflating the death numbers.
  I had a great aunt, she was almost 90 years old, smoked and drank her entire life, was on, I mean,
  I love her to death, but she died.
  They said, oh, she died of COVID.
  No, she didn't.
  She was 90 years old.
  She smoked and drank her whole life.
  God bless her soul.
  And so you have all of that stuff.
  But then, you know, you were saying in the last segment that.
  The numbers that we're getting on VAERS are probably only 10% of the numbers.
  When we were trying to crunch this data, we, I guess, conservatively said, well, you can multiply it by 4.
  That's how we landed on about 20,000 vaccine deaths.
  That was about a month ago when they first released the 5,000 number.
  But you're saying, really, it's closer to times 10.
  So maybe times 4 would be conservative, times 10 would be high.
  Either way, the point is, if we actually got the real numbers, people would learn real fast.
  This vaccine is much deadlier and much worse off for you than COVID.
  COVID's over.
  Why still is this push?
  It's over.
  The pandemic's over.
  It has been over.
  So then what do you make of the Delta variant?
  Because I believe, since we saw it starting and the worst in Israel, where everyone's vaccinated, is the Delta quote-unquote Delta variant or Delta plus variant or whatever new name they come up with, do you believe that's the mutation of COVID out of the vaccinated people?
  You know, it's really hard to tell, right?
  Because, first of all, let's just talk about variants for a second.
  Because we know that viruses mutate.
  We know that they mutate to become actually more contagious, but less deadly.
  Because it's an organism that wants to survive.
  So, if it kills everybody, it's not going to survive.
  I mean, this is just basic.
  So, when you're looking at variants, the variants really only vary less than 1%.
  So now I just heard a wonderful report this past week that, oh, no, the variants are covered by these vaccines.
  So in other words, if you come in contact with a variant, that you should be protected from your vaccination.
  Which, by the way, we're getting mixed notes on that.
  The World Health Organization says, no, the COVID vaccine doesn't work.
  Anthony Fauci says, yes, the COVID vaccine does work.
  So somebody's wrong.
  Exactly.
  Well, I was just going to say that too.
  You know, how come the World Health Organization came out last Thursday, I believe, with a statement that said no one under the age of, I'm paraphrasing, but no one under the age of 18 has any need to get these COVID vaccinations.
  And then the next day they changed the statement.
  So why is that?
  Why did they change their statement?
  Where all of a sudden it was like they were putting a hard stop to anyone under 18 getting vaccinated.
  And I would assume that somebody had a heart over there.
  And then all of a sudden the next day it changed to, well, not so much.
  Maybe they should.
  So this is the kind of mixed messaging, and it's also very suspect when we're watching them.
  I mean, we are watching American Frontline doctors, we are watching them like a hawk.
  Yeah, the world is watching.
  And let me just say this, because we've got three minutes left in this segment, and guys, we're going to put the full interview at Banned Out Interview.
  We're good to go.
  So what I really want to get out to people is really you need to start motivating yourself.
  We have got to get parents to understand this message.
  Their child is not to be used as a guinea pig.
  Their child should not have the fear that they are bringing home something that might kill grandma.
  That is a complete false statement and they need to help their kids get through this because it's causing emotional damage.
  The other problem that we have is
  You need to be boots on the ground for us.
  You know, American Frontline doctors, we are throwing lawsuits out there.
  We have a lawsuit, a temporary restraining order against vaccinating kids in the 12 to 15 age group.
  It's stalled in the courts, but we need really to have citizens all around our country stand up for us and help us
  Get these messages out through the Citizen Corps of American Frontline Doctors.
  There's plenty of places that you can get early effective treatment and that's also a big theme.
  Understand there is treatment out there.
  Understand that even with spike protein syndrome, you can help protect yourself.
  I mean, that's another angle.
  I mean, they censored the reports on hydroxychloroquine working, vitamin C, zinc, ivermectin.
  I mean, it's just unbelievable.
  Well, they've also done things sneaky.
  Like, they've also pulled off the market
  Ingestol, which is something that helps your lungs.
  It's an IV medication I use in my IVs.
  They pulled that off the market.
  They're blocking it from being imported from Germany because guess what?
  It works.
  They also just recently pulled NAC off the market.
  N-acetylcysteine.
  They just pulled it off the market.
  It used to be on over-the-counter.
  It's a supplement.
  It was there for years and years and years.
  Now all of a sudden they're pulling it?
  There's no reason to pull it.
  There's no safety problem with it.
  Why are they pulling it?
  Well, strangely enough, guess what NAC does?
  NAC protects you from spike protein syndrome.
  Ah.
  Wow.
  And so again, I'm not putting these words in the doctor's mouth.
  Dr. Angelina Ferrella, thank you so much.
  This is a powerful interview.
  We need as many eyes and ears on this as possible.
  But folks, you do all the math, and I understand it's a tough realization to come to, but
  Someone's trying to kill us, okay?
  They're putting this vaccine out there and they're stopping us from getting the actual cures.
  Alright, ladies and gentlemen, seriously, I've done a lot of big interviews in my short time here on Earth and my short time here in the media.
  That's definitely one of the most powerful interviews I've done.
  Definitely bright top five.
  And so, please, we're gonna put a story up at InfoWars.com.
  And we're going to put the videos at Band.Video and it's going to have the headline, Full Interview, Doctor Warns the World of COVID Vaccines, and I want that in a story on the front page of InfoWars.com, and that needs to make sure that we have that on the front page of Band.Video, too, because, again, we know all this is going on.
  I get it.
  InfoWars, if you've been watching, we've been reporting on this for a year and a half.
  Yes, even that the deadly vaccines were coming.
  And so, when you start seeing the awakening happening in real time with doctors like this, you don't want to... you want them to learn all this for themselves.
  They're smart people.
  They're witnessing all of this now.
  They're going to land on the conclusions eventually.
  But you see, I lived through this as well, where I would be in denial of all of this, and when somebody would try to warn me, I'd just stubbornly turn my head, but then when you experience it yourself, the walls break down.
  Intellectually, in your own head.
  But let me do this as a juxtaposition as we pivot back to what's happening at the border, because it's like, I mean, oh, first hour, they're trafficking children at the border, and then second hour, they're killing us with the vaccines, and it's all real.
  And no one else will tell you what's going on.
  For whatever reason, you can make your judgments about why everyone else in the media is a coward or a sellout, whatever.
  Here is a video from a gas station in Utah
  Where a woman gets kidnapped in broad daylight and is screaming for help and no one comes to rescue her!
  Now, I'm going to play this report and I'm going to explain this phenomenon and how it ties into what's going on at the southern border.
  So here's the news report.
  Woman kidnapped in broad daylight.
  Nobody helps her.
  And if you see that, what would you think?
  Last night, police got a call.
  A woman, possibly a teenager, was kidnapped.
  A couple witnesses reported hearing her yell, help, please help me.
  That's when this man enters a picture chasing after her.
  As she crawls under a bystander's truck, he drags her out.
  She was taken from underneath the vehicle.
  She was hoisted up over onto a shoulder.
  She was kicking.
  Crying for help, asking for help, and she was pushed back into a vehicle.
  Yet police suspect the bystander did nothing to help.
  We were really, had a hard time trying to locate the people that were there.
  As police work to locate that key witness, drivers like Charles Albert, who got the Amber Alert, are still concerned.
  To be that involved where he rips her out from underneath a vehicle and he doesn't help her at all?
  That's not cool.
  Police support bystanders stepping in to help, but say it's a personal choice.
  You have to go with what you feel comfortable doing.
  But if you see something, say something.
  Please help us get a license plate number.
  Please help us get a good description of the suspects or the victim.
  Yet police say they had a lot of community support.
  We even had family members calling in to identify who the perpetrator was in that video.
  Including the detectives who ID'd 22-year-old Carl Gravitt as the suspect.
  Police say finding the 35-year-old victim alive was a community effort.
  We have somebody in custody that is violent.
  There you go ladies and gentlemen.
  If you're watching this, you see it's a crowded gas station.
  There's at least half a dozen cars there.
  People there.
  She's screaming.
  It's all on tape.
  I mean, individuals.
  And they do nothing!
  They do nothing!
  Now again, people see that and they're like, this is incredible.
  How could you not do anything?
  And so here's the juxtaposition.
  It's just like the Britney Spears thing.
  Like, oh, Britney Spears has medical tyranny.
  Britney Spears is dealing with medical tyranny.
  This is wrong.
  You can't have that.
  We're all dealing with medical tyranny right now.
  But see, so, oh, everybody sees.
  Why wouldn't you help this girl?
  She's obviously being kidnapped.
  She's screaming, ask for help.
  Nobody helps her.
  What?
  You say that's messed up, but that's what's going on at the southern border.
  So you see, it's this weird thing where we can't make these connections and we have these like, walls of what we'll put up with and what we won't, what we'll admit is bad and what we won't.
  They're kidnapping kids and trafficking them across the southern border and it's like, Alex Jones, InfoWars has the instinct to step in and do something!
  Unlike all the people at that gas station that sat by and watched a woman get kidnapped!
  We're not gonna watch children get trafficked across our border, dammit!
  All that evil men and tyrants need to flourish is that good men do nothing.
  Well, I'm trying to be a good man.
  I'm trying to stand up and do the right thing.
  And I've seen huge effects with what we've done here at InfoWars.
  Other good men and women getting together and telling the truth and standing up to corruption.
  But now the globalists are coming after us.
  And so I need your prayers.
  I need your financial support.
  I need your word of mouth to stay in the fight.
  We've got a big sale going right now.
  Free shipping, double patriot points on three items that have been sold out.
  Ultimate Krill Oil, 40% off.
  X3, 60% off.
  Best deal ever on that.
  And, of course, Biotris Selenium that is essential for every action of every cell in your body.
  It's 50% off.
  They're all back in stock right now on InfoWarshore.com.
  And it's you that has kept us on air.
  It is you that has spread the word.
  It is you that have built this operation.
  And we're now needed more than ever.
  Alright, I'm just overwhelmed here and I've been on air for two hours and I've got stacks of news on my desk that I don't even know if I'm able to get to them and they're all huge.
  But we've got the footage now, the raw footage
  of Alex Jones and crew arriving at the scene this morning in McAllen, Texas.
  And again, because you know, they always like to make the arguments, oh, InfoWars edits and cuts and Sherry picks all this up.
  No, we don't.
  And when we used to be able to go live on YouTube and Twitter and Facebook, we'd be able to prove that in real time, but they've blocked us from having that access.
  They couldn't have us on air when they were trying to kill us all, so they went ahead and banned us.
  That's what we're in right now, but so this is the raw footage and I'm just going to do commentary over this b-roll and try my best here for radio audience and the TV audience.
  Thank God I have a background in play-by-play, I suppose, and color commentary to do this, but we're just going to roll this and I'm going to do my best play-by-play color commentary as we see the crew pulling up on the scene in McAllen, Texas, where the Joe Biden child sex trafficking operation is underway.
  And so here we go, guys.
  Let's start with the footage right now.
  We're here in McAllen, Texas.
  And the so-called Catholic Charities run by the Democratic Party and George Soros funding, literally by a UN NGO, the same NGO that ran the operations opening up the borders of Europe to the Islamic invasion, first only had this building right here where we famously confronted the gentleman illegally putting three children in the trunk of a car.
  Now they have rented this facility that used to be called Hollywood Fashion
  A clothing store.
  And as you can see right here, there are more folks in the assembly line right here.
  See those packets?
  That's to be loaded on an airplane or a private charter.
  And then they're put on these buses.
  And this just continues around the clock.
  Totally illegal.
  The border absolutely completely open.
  And so again, this is a new expansion of the already one city block full wide facility that they had last time we were in McAllen.
  Now they have another facility right across the street.
  We told you, we got the information that yes, they had bought that facility and we're planning on expanding there.
  Human smuggling operation into that facility, and then when we brought that up to the people in the building, they said, no, no, no, no, no, that's not happening, no, no, no, no, no.
  Well, we go back down there a couple months later, and there it is indeed happening, right before our very eyes.
  So again, you don't even have to stage this.
  You don't have to plan anything.
  You go in, you just park your car, and right out of the gates, human smuggling is going on.
  I mean, it's like, if I've got tickets to a ball game and I go to set down at the basketball game and guys are shooting basketball, it's like, yeah, that's what you expect.
  That's basically what this is.
  Hey, I'm going to watch the human smuggling.
  Let's go back to Alex Jones.
  And boom, this facility, which just a month ago they leased, is now full of people.
  When the door swung open and these people were filed out, I saw
  More than 50 people, men, women, and children inside right now.
  And now they've rented buildings up and down the street on both sides of the street.
  So again, a lot of people, when I stopped that car because they were illegally putting three children in the trunk, they said, oh, it must be fake because it says Hollywood on this old building that I guess decades ago had some type of clothing store.
  No, this is a real place, McAllen, Texas.
  This is real.
  What's going on right here, okay?
  And it's all illegal, but Biden is not enforcing federal law.
  And these counties are even bucking the state governor, Abbott, who's declared an emergency here and called in state police from around the country to try to arrest people when they do violate the law, like trespassing on people's property or any type of theft.
  So here you go.
  This is an emergency response team, state-assisted EMS support vehicle, state placard ID.
  What does this even mean?
  Again, who are these organizations?
  We need to find out about all of this.
  We need to investigate.
  Here's another one.
  Pulling up to get more people.
  Now, why is this important?
  Well, for hundreds of reasons.
  When you allow this type of illegal activity to go on at an industrial scale,
  It allows criminals to bring in drugs, kidnap children, you name it.
  We have video at the airports of the same woman, day after day, delivering children, saying, this is my child, babies.
  They're allowed to fly, just handing them off to people, handing them off to NGOs, and then these children just disappear.
  My sister's adopted.
  It took us two years to adopt her from South Korea.
  They had to go through all the background checks.
  They had to check us out.
  And we had to pay a lot of money.
  And they had to make sure that they weren't taking a child from a woman that
  Was it trying to give the child up?
  And there should be a lot of strictures and rules and laws involved in adoption.
  This is, again, industrial scale taking place.
  And again, they're obviously about to load this back up and then leave as well.
  Again, you've got these people.
  And their supposed security guard outfits, and this is all just outfits.
  It's just dressing it up with the appearance of legality.
  You know, so they've got little armed guards out here conducting this human trafficking at an industrial scale.
  That's why Kamala Harris, for the first five months that she was the border czar, wouldn't come down here.
  She didn't come to McAllen.
  She didn't come to the real border checkpoint.
  She went to El Paso.
  She spent three hours there, and then she left.
  It was Biden that said, if I get elected, immediately surge the border.
  Now over a half million people have been apprehended coming through and let go under Biden.
  They estimate as much as three times more, or a million and a half more, in just the last five, six months have come through as well.
  So again, ladies and gentlemen, what you have is industrial-scale activity now.
  Where they bring them in across the border.
  Who they are is not checked.
  They are brought here by the Border Patrol after they're smuggled across.
  The Border Patrol's own union says, we now complete the smuggling process into the U.S.
  They then hand off to the so-called Catholic Charities, which is one building of many, to then load up these vans and the people
  Then disappear into the interior of the country where they're given new identities, where they're then signed up by Democrat party sponsor families who farm them.
  So just like Democrats farm homeless and say, come to our city, and then they live in tip cities, but Democrat social workers, private and governmental, sign them up for a bunch of welfare and then milk that off the top.
  So you've heard of farmers that farm corn or soybeans or wheat or vegetables like green beans.
  These people farm humans.
  And so they bring in these exploitable third world populations.
  Now, another big reason we're here today is President Trump is coming to the border facilities here in South Texas today.
  He's going to tour several of them.
  And we're just here documenting that while he's busy,
  Checking those out, the real serious issues are going on right under his nose.
  And the Border Patrol again is on record saying they are there to complete the smuggling process.
  And so that's what's going on, ladies and gentlemen.
  All of it blacked out so that you don't know what's going on with the women and the children predominantly.
  And as you can see right over here, this is a whole nother building and it just goes on.
  So he's crossing the street to the other facility right now.
  And again, this is another that we've already covered.
  That's huge, an entire city block.
  Sounds like it's a party going on in there.
  Just a huge facility.
  Goes on for about 80 yards.
  Just completely jam-packed and filled with human-trafficked souls.
  This is the modern slavery being signed up for the Democratic Party, UN Global Plantation, and they use our laws against no trespassing and our privacy laws
  And tell us to stay off their supposed property.
  And they also use the mask that everyone's still wearing down here to even cover up the identities of who these people are.
  So the magnitude of this is incredible.
  So they trespass on our country.
  They're organized by the UN.
  Trump in 2017 pulled us out of the UN treaty that we never actually signed on to, but we were under, we were following, where the UN decides who can come in.
  Well, the UN just blank check says all these people are refugees.
  Fleeing poverty so they can come to the United States.
  Alright, yeah.
  Fleeing communism.
  Fleeing socialism.
  Fleeing leftism.
  Alright, when we come back, more from Alex Jones at the U.S.
  Government Trafficking Facility.
  We're back here on the Alex Jones Show.
  Owen Troyer sitting in studio here for Alex.
  He's down in McAllen.
  We're going to go back to his video, but folks, let me just tell you.
  We broke the bank for this
  Coverage at the southern border.
  Shoot the moon, whatever fuel we have, that's how far we're going, and then just hope that the audience keeps filling our tank every day, basically.
  So folks, go to InfoWarStore.com and get this brand new t-shirt.
  I absolutely love it.
  The free American camo version, and you'll notice
  And I asked the guys to fix this.
  I don't know if they're going to do it, but the image that we have on Infowarsstore.com of this Free American camo t-shirt is not the actual image.
  The real image is the shirt that I'm wearing right now, that you can see.
  This is the actual color.
  We're good to go.
  And people are really liking the Save the Frogs t-shirt.
  I think you're really going to love the Free American t-shirt, whether it's the black, whether it's the navy, or whether it's my personal favorite camouflage that I have on today.
  I'm a huge fan.
  I love it.
  It's very soft.
  I love the fit.
  And of course, the design is great too.
  So this is one of the ways that you can support us financially right now is getting t-shirts.
  Supplements sell out and come and go and we do what we can to keep them stocked, but it's a lot easier to keep the t-shirts in stock and sell those.
  And so please support us by getting the t-shirts at Infowarsstore.com.
  You're going to love the free American camo t-shirt that I'm wearing here today.
  Let's go back to Alex Jones at...
  The Biden U.S.
  government human smuggling trafficking operation in McAllen, Texas.
  We never actually signed on to, but we were under.
  We were following where the U.N.
  decides who could come in.
  Well, the U.N.
  just blank check says all these people are refugees.
  Fleeing poverty so they could come to the United States and then demand all the free welfare and again be clients of the system.
  So this is the breaking of the United States and bringing in the permanent underclass.
  Let's bring Tim Inlow over here.
  Tim, why don't you explain to the viewers and listeners just some of the background and some of the other key points so that they understand the magnitude of the illegality of this.
  Right, so just as an example, when Border Patrol Del Rio Sector about three weeks ago released their numbers for May, in the Del Rio Sector alone, Border Patrol had stopped 174,000 illegal aliens.
  Okay, that's in one month in one sector on the U.S.
  border.
  Now we know... Jim, lead us over here.
  It's happening again right now.
  Well, right.
  So these are some of the people that they're bringing out of this new facility that they just leased.
  Again, these folks are going to be transported to the McAllen International Airport.
  And they're going to be taken to a destination city of their choice.
  Not even an adult with them, just all children.
  Since we started rolling nine minutes ago, this is the third load being loaded up.
  These children are not in car seats, you notice.
  Now the interesting thing is, this is supposedly a Catholic charity.
  Now let's count the security personnel that they're bringing out to put this family into the van.
  You've got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
  Seven security personnel.
  Because this is an important cargo for Democrats to farm and milk the welfare they're going to sign this human chattel up for.
  This is slavery.
  And imagine, imagine the costs involved, right?
  Imagine seven security personnel that got to be paid, okay, on an hourly basis to sit there and transport these people and make sure they're protected.
  So they're literally protecting illegal aliens as they're taking them to the airport.
  And let me just pause this real quick to explain something here, folks.
  Okay.
  Why?
  I mean, the movies depict this, but this is the reality.
  Why do you see, oh, it's a major drug deal, oh, it's a major arms deal, oh, it's a major this, it's a major that, major criminal activity, and what is always the common thread?
  Armed security, armed guards, protecting the criminals, protecting the criminal activity, protecting the criminal loot.
  So that's what you're seeing right here in McAllen, Texas, protecting the loot, protecting the commodity, protecting the smuggled children.
  And they do it all with this masquerade of, oh, we're helping refugees and everything.
  I'm just stunned.
  Let's go back to the video.
  ...their choice with no documentation other than whatever they told Border Patrol their name is, right?
  That is literally what's going on right now.
  You can see it's happening by the van load.
  Five minutes ago, one van pulled off.
  Now the next van's being loaded up.
  And then pretty soon, there'll be another one.
  Now, the interesting thing is, when we drove in, we noticed that the COVID testing site had been removed, okay?
  So before, Border Patrol was dropping them at the COVID testing site, then the Catholic charity here would walk up there, march them down the street, march them into their facility, get them plane tickets, and put them on planes to the interior of the United States.
  That COVID testing site is now removed, which tells us now they're not even testing for COVID anymore.
  So,
  Hundreds of thousands of illegals coming across the border, not being tested, no background check being done.
  And here's another key point to add.
  A few months ago we were out here and we see the man putting the three children in the trunk, which is illegal, so we stopped him.
  Now, they're loading these children in, again, without child seats, again.
  And we saw it happening with the other vehicle as well.
  So again,
  This is a total waving of the law at every level.
  And notice they're now calling themselves in the buildings disaster relief vehicles.
  So you know the Texas governor's declared an emergency down here.
  What do you bet that they're getting some of the Texas emergency money to stop the imploded border that
  This is well known that the UN does this.
  They've been caught.
  The UN will go into an area, declare it a disaster zone, and then run child sex trafficking out of that declared disaster zone.
  They've been caught!
  We've had raids where agents that are special forces to go stop children from being sex trafficked, and they go raid
  U.N.
  facilities, they've released the body footage and the U.N.
  people scatter like rats and then all these little kids are around.
  This is just, this is unbelievable this is going on.
  Let's go back.
  But again, the globalists, the U.N., create an emergency.
  They create an emergency.
  And then they get all our tax money to create an even bigger emergency just like with the homeless.
  That's the plan.
  Tim, tell them the rest of the stories.
  Explain and brief folks on the disaster down here and how these counties have been opting out and why these folks are wearing quote disaster zone and then it says disaster zone on the back of the vehicle.
  In fact, look right here before they pull out.
  See right here?
  Emergency response team.
  Jim, come over here and talk to us on camera.
  What do you think this means?
  Because they're all wearing an emergency response team, acting like they're official, they've got guns, the rest of it, now I guess to protect the human smuggling operation.
  Yeah, that's exactly right.
  And so what they're doing is they're tapping into federal funds to sit there and justify
  I mean, let's not mince words.
  Infowars is
  Covering a human smuggling, child smuggling operation in McAllen, Texas.
  I mean, that's what this is.
  We're back here on the Alex Jones Show.
  Owen Troyer sitting in.
  Alex is in McAllen.
  Donald Trump has landed in McAllen.
  And, you know, Abbott and Trump are all smiles and everything.
  As the Biden human smuggling U.S.
  government human trafficking facilities are being exposed by InfoWars in downtown McAllen, we go back now to the HD footage from Alex Jones breaking it all down.
  ...for a lot of the counties down here, but four counties in the Rio Grande Valley, including Hidalgo, Cameron, Willisee, and Starr Counties, have all opted out of Abbott's emergency declaration.
  Why?
  Because they do not want to cooperate with law enforcement.
  Let me stop you.
  So much is happening.
  The rest of your security team, Dustin, come tell folks real quick what you just saw.
  They just smuggled a bunch of people right out of that door while we were talking, and just when they loaded them right down there, Dustin, tell us what you saw.
  About 10 families just went over to the bus station.
  10 families?
  Let's go over there.
  So again this is just the hot corner there in McAllen where they now have two human trafficking facilities that are two city blocks wide and then they have the bus station caddy corner to them so they can easily get them in and out on the bus quickly loaded up without much interference.
  They used to have the COVID testing processing facility there too but they've shut that down.
  So here's Alex now going to the bus facility, which is just right across the street.
  And this is where a lot of the illegal immigrants are traveled and trafficked across the nation.
  Later today, we're just taping it.
  We just got here 15 minutes ago.
  You're watching a continual thing happen.
  They just saw 10 families right behind our backs slip out into a bus that drove off.
  And there's just buildings all over doing this, all over.
  We're told they've rented more than 15 buildings down here.
  Jim, come back and finish your point.
  Right.
  So as I was saying, Hidalgo, Starr, Willesee, and Cameron counties all opted out of the governor's emergency declaration down here, primarily because they do not want to be cooperating with law enforcement and making their jails available.
  See, Governor Abbott now wants DPS to have the power to arrest these illegal aliens for trespassing, especially when they've damaged property on the various ranches that they cross down here.
  That's been a huge problem for the ranchers down here.
  So, but, as we know, these counties in the Rio Grande Valley, Cameron, Hidalgo, Starr, and Willesee, those are heavily Democrat-controlled counties.
  And that is why they have opted out and are refusing to cooperate with Governor Abbott's emergency declaration order.
  Look, boy, look out here!
  Jesus!
  Look at this!
  They're coming in as fast as you can do!
  Another busload of about two dozen illegal immigrants moving into the human smuggling facility.
  Those are all volunteers packing in to help process everything.
  You see that?
  This is an army operation, ladies and gentlemen.
  So there are buses and vans just going out all the time, constantly.
  And then we just saw about 15, 16 volunteers going in to help organize this invasion.
  This is incredible.
  Let's continue.
  So again, since we've last been down there, they've shut down the COVID testing processing facility.
  The Rio Grande Valley Catholic Charities has expanded their facility to another building that is just another citywide block, city block wide building, just huge.
  From start to finish.
  With Owen Schroeder's commentary when we're not talking, Owen, because I want to get this out to everybody.
  Tim, finish up the recap.
  I mean, Trump needs to be here.
  Explain where Trump's going to be today and the fact that we're right here in the center of this and they've set these up all across the Texas border.
  Right.
  And unfortunately, we see this with all the Republicans that have come down here.
  It's more about the photo op than actually getting to the truth, right?
  So we know Trump is here and Abbott is here today.
  Unfortunately, where are they going?
  They're going to the DPS station out in West Laco.
  Then they're going to a town hall meeting at an airport hangar, okay?
  That's not going to solve the problem.
  That's not going to expose the people the problem, which is happening right down here at downtown McAllen at this Catholic charity, which this charity alone is responsible in the last six months
  We're good to go.
  Three, four, five successfully make it into the United States.
  That means likely in that one sector alone, we're looking at close to a half a million illegals in one month that have sat there, crossed the border, and made it into the United States.
  This has to stop.
  People need to speak up.
  We gotta put pressure on our government to put an end to this.
  Here's another example.
  Here's another example of what we're breaking down, what we're talking about.
  We were just here a few months ago.
  When was that, Tim, that we stopped the car with a load of kids in it?
  Around April.
  So, so, what, four months ago now?
  Yeah.
  We were here four months ago and catch that on tape and people couldn't even believe it.
  We just saw more kids getting loaded in without child safety seats as well.
  But the point is, people are in denial about this.
  This is all real.
  You can come here in McAllen.
  Tell people in the corner.
  We're on 15th Street, 15th Street and Austin, okay?
  This is real.
  Let's go to the other side.
  This is not fair.
  Another massive busload, prison busload, with the bars on the windows, pulls up to the facility.
  Again, this is another bus load and van load actually showing up right here, right now.
  There are the Border Patrol agents on the bus.
  So these guys came from a Border Patrol facility.
  These illegal immigrants, these victims of human trafficking and smuggling, now arriving at the Catholic Charities facility from the Border Patrol facility, being unloaded on this bus.
  A busload of illegal immigrants being smuggled into this country, and Biden is making Border Patrol complete the process.
  It's interesting, uh, this gentleman's, uh... And so, let me just say this, too, and guys, just keep the B-roll going.
  You know... I, uh, was kind of emotional yesterday on air.
  I've gotten emotional a couple times in the last week on air just dealing with this stuff, and so...
  I really, really prayed last night on this issue and got on my knees and, you know, I always like to start and finish with my favorite prayer.
  God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
  And this is one of these instances here, and so here's the problem, folks.
  This is the problem.
  This is never going to stop until people go to jail, and so
  It's like what Alex said earlier.
  And you guys, just pause that, we'll pick it back up.
  And it's the same thing whether it's Donald Trump or Abbott or Alex Jones or Owen Schroer or any individual.
  If you actually did what needed to be done to stop this from happening, you would get arrested!
  And so,
  That was really when the fog lifted when I was praying last night.
  Not that God is saying, hey, go out there and get arrested.
  He's just saying, no, you realize that the cost of stopping this is going to be everything.
  It's going to be your life.
  And so it brings you back to the V for Vendetta paradigm where he has the girl with the dead.
  She's like, oh, you're going to die.
  I'm going to kill you.
  She lives through it.
  And now you're free.
  But it's like, that's the cost.
  I mean, if we actually wanted to stop this, Alex Jones would have to get arrested.
  The crew would have to get arrested.
  Donald Trump would have to get arrested.
  I mean, for all the issues.
  This is just one little issue of all the issues.
  So that's what it comes down to.
  And nobody wants to get tortured in a jail cell.
  Nobody wants to get arrested.
  I don't blame you.
  I'm just saying, that's where this is at, folks.
  This is criminal activity being accepted by humanity because nobody's willing to step up and pay the ultimate price.
  Again, not blaming it.
  I'm one of them, too.
  I don't want to go down there and stop this human trafficking operation from going on, doing whatever it takes, because I'm going to end up in jail, just like anybody would.
  But see, that's the problem is we just accept it.
  We just accept the criminal government.
  We just accept the metastasizing crimes being committed on every level.
  And so now it's so bad that they can run human smuggling and child smuggling operations in broad daylight with taxpayer dollars.
  There is a lot developing right now, ladies and gentlemen.
  But we go back to McAllen, Texas with some of the most shocking footage.
  It's all going to be at Bandop Video, but some of the most shocking footage and revelations from just the hour that Alex Jones showed up and was there reporting this morning.
  So we jump forward now to some of the more revealing, shocking stuff that they caught this morning.
  We've been in here 30 minutes.
  We're going to upload these in chunks raw to Bandop Video.
  And many of these people have disappeared out of their countries.
  Many of these people are alone, like this little boy right here.
  Barefoot.
  And they're just disappearing.
  There's this little kid.
  That's a blonde-haired, blue-eyed little boy with a Hispanic lady and a baby.
  Right there.
  100% an honest mother.
  Did you just see that right there?
  I got it.
  I got it on video.
  Ladies and gentlemen, did you just see what I just saw right there?
  We need to call the police.
  Tim, get over here.
  We gotta call the police.
  I don't care what they say, I'm filing a police report.
  Tim, we gotta call 911.
  No, no.
  The blonde-haired, blue-eyed kid with two Hispanic women, 100%.
  Blonde-haired, blue-eyed kid.
  We gotta call the police.
  100% smuggling.
  By the way, I've seen about four blonde-haired, blue-eyed kids in this short footage right here.
  We never saw that before when we've been down there.
  So now imagine, the police are just being told to stand down!
  Didn't look like, uh, didn't look like, uh... You caught that on tape, didn't you?
  Yeah.
  I got it on the wide angle.
  The Senate report found that thousands of these children are not with their parents.
  And unaccompanied children are then picked up and tacked on.
  So again, the police can't even stop this lawlessness in McAllen, Texas.
  We saw children that clearly weren't with their parents.
  You're gonna go to hell for this.
  They make them wear the mask to cover up their identities.
  That's the other thing.
  They make these children wear masks so we don't know and no one will ever know who they were.
  And again, it's ironic that they've taken down a COVID testing center, but now they're sitting there still forcing them to wear masks.
  It's wrong to say so.
  It's good we got it all.
  So again,
  The police will be called on you if you're out there reporting or filming what's going on with this illegal immigration pipeline.
  But then they're told to stand down when you can clearly point out that this is an illegal immigrant pipeline, a human smuggling pipeline, the police can't do anything about it.
  I was told a child's unaccompanied and was by himself.
  And I noticed, oh that child's by himself, he's doing like this, no woman's with him.
  And he walked over to the guard and said, what do I do?
  Oh, and he had blonde hair and blue eyes.
  Church or what?
  It's not a church.
  It's a George Soros U.N.
  Smuggling Center.
  Absolutely.
  Unbelievable, ladies and gentlemen.
  So you just saw that bus disgorge.
  Maybe they got more unaccompanied children.
  I saw this little boy without women.
  I went, wait a minute, that little kid's got blonde hair and blue eyes.
  And I know that, you know, Spanish background, all that stuff.
  Some people have those colorations.
  It's very rare.
  I already saw a little boy and I went, something's weird.
  He's by himself.
  There's no women with him.
  He's going like this, not knowing where he is.
  One of those kids was barefoot, too.
  Yeah, barefoot, you name it.
  I mean, the Senate admits a lot of these are smuggled, kidnapped kids.
  The cartel uses them over and over again to get across the border.
  God, this is so frickin' evil, man.
  Again, folks, they've decided not to disgorge people in the back here.
  Oh, that's funny!
  Hey, Kim!
  Kim!
  This is a key point.
  They weren't scared to let us see those, which was bad enough.
  Barefoot kids, children unaccompanied, look like a five-year-old.
  What do you think's on this bus that they were going to already go to the back?
  To the alley and they've been sitting there for 20 minutes now.
  I think they're definitely coming from two different locations.
  When we look inside this bus, there's cages.
  The people are being locked behind cages.
  Whereas that bus was a civilian type bus and just had a civilian driver.
  This bus here has two armed guards on it.
  So my best guess is that this is coming from a secure border patrol facility.
  And we're not quite sure yet where that one, that one may be coming from one of the hotels where the COVID positives are being put for a week.
  I heard a record skip there.
  That's right.
  There's cages with armed men that say private security with a bus.
  The definition of human smuggling and they're scared and won't come off.
  That's exactly right.
  But the others are getting off with barefoot unaccompanied children.
  That's no big deal.
  They're not scared to hide that.
  Whatever it is, they're hiding is on that bus.
  Right.
  So what we know is, from the last time we were here, that when they were testing people for COVID, they were putting them up in hotels and the Catholic charity here would give them a phone number and say, if you don't have any symptoms within seven days, call us.
  We'll pick you up and we'll put you back in the pipeline to help you get where you want to go in the United States.
  All illegally, of course.
  But
  The people that are coming directly from the Border Patrol station, and here comes a Border Patrol vehicle now, my guess is this is the backup that was called from the people inside that bus.
  So now the Border Patrol is arriving... Because they don't have real authority to be transporting people in cages.
  That's exactly right.
  Again, another federal crime in my... may be, may be.
  If you've got private security transporting prisoners... It'll be quieter.
  That is so damn illegal.
  Now folks, again, here's the problem.
  Because you could ask, I mean, is it our duty to stop this?
  No, it's not!
  It's really not.
  I mean, you could make the moral argument that it's your duty to stop this, but again, it's like, where is law enforcement?
  Where's local police?
  Where's the FBI?
  Why is Border Patrol completing this process?
  So, I mean, it's not our duty to stop this.
  We just figure, hey, if we expose it and show all the crime happening, that the people whose duty it is to stop this will stop this.
  No!
  They're in on it!
  I'm not even saying the Border Patrol people are bad people.
  They're great people.
  They're some of our biggest sources of information for this, but I'll stop right there.
  This is all above board.
  This is all above the law.
  This is all a giant criminal human smuggling operation.
  And again, it's like,
  You see, nobody's stopping a girl from being kidnapped at a gas station.
  You see, nobody's stopping these children from being smuggled into this country.
  It's like, at what point do you say it's my duty to do this?
  Or do you just say, hey look, I pray to God that the right thing is done here, I'm gonna keep exposing it, but it's not my duty.
  Let's go back.
  This is the second bus in the last 15 minutes.
  So they're finally unloading this bus now that they have backup there.
  And so that's what it is.
  So they knew what they were doing here was illegal, and they didn't have any law enforcement.
  So they called Border Patrol to stand there like, oh, this is all legal.
  This is all good.
  Oh, yeah.
  It's all optics.
  And so here's how you can tell the difference between people that have been detained and people who haven't, for whatever reason, is the shoelaces.
  When you go into detention, they take your shoelaces.
  And so that's why you see a lot of people with shoes on without shoelaces, because they take your shoelaces when you get detained.
  And so when you see people without shoelaces, it makes you wonder why they either weren't detained or why they didn't have to take their shoelaces off.
  You know, it's considered a weapon, or it could be used for self-harm.
  I mean, I don't think any of these people are going to be strangling themselves or others, but they still make them take the shoelaces off.
  This is insane.
  I mean, folks, this is just from an hour of our crew sitting there, and we just on film already have hundreds, hundreds of illegal immigrants, most of them children.
  So I mean, extrapolate that out.
  You're having thousands come in at this facility just every day.
  So you'll have more than a quarter million, you'll have more than a quarter million illegal immigrants and children smuggled through that facility in McAllen, Texas this year.
  More than a quarter million at one facility alone.
  Can you talk to us?
  And that's the official policy.
  Alex tries to talk to Border Patrol.
  They say we're not allowed to talk to you.
  We're not allowed to talk to media.
  Oh, there goes another load out.
  By the way, they have fake cab services.
  I'm not saying that one's fake, but we caught them with fake cab services last time too.
  How sketchy is that?
  Like, if I show up to the scene with a vehicle that says, you know, Schroyer's Plumbers or Infowars Plumbers, and we don't do plumbing, we don't have any plumbing equipment, we got all this other spy equipment in there or something, you say, oh, that's not a plumber's truck!
  Boy, that's suspicious!
  That's what they did with the cabs at this facility!
  Oh, no investigation, you know.
  So is this another fake cab that they're loading these smuggled individuals into?
  This is unbelievable.
  We'll be right back.
  Alright, we are about to play, uh, we're almost through all of this HD footage.
  It's all going to be a banned out video, ladies and gentlemen.
  But, uh, here's all, just about all the way through here, Alex Jones and crew in McAllen catching human smuggling happening in real time.
  I mean, that's, it's unbelievable to say that, but that's what's going on here, so here it is.
  So again, they're loading this family into a cab.
  You realize you're violating state law.
  He's violating state law right here.
  We need to call the police on this guy.
  Again, we saw them loading families into cab companies.
  We called the phone number on the cab company and it wasn't a cab company.
  It was fake.
  They're violating state law again.
  Per person, they get paid.
  Plus there's another bus.
  There's another bus!
  There's more!
  It's just everywhere!
  It's a total invasion!
  And it's all run by the UN!
  God Almighty!
  Hey!
  Come back over here, Tim!
  Look at this over here!
  Buses!
  I mean, this is all by... And this guy right here has these children in here!
  There's loaded babies in there with no car seats.
  And I get a ticket.
  I go to jail for that.
  But because they're smuggling people, it's supposedly okay.
  Because the law has all been waived here.
  Now, the police will get you on a technicality like not having a car seat, but they don't care if you're a child that got kidnapped in Guatemala, as the Senate reports found.
  Stay right here, dude.
  I'm going to talk to Scott.
  It's the same thing.
  Oh, you can't mandate an experimental vaccine.
  Oh, it's the new reward.
  Hey, you can't frown on three or four babies without a car seat.
  Oh, it's the new reward.
  Is it fake again this time?
  No, it's not.
  This is an absolute collapse of the U.S.
  under the United Nations.
  I guess we're just going to step aside and watch more little children, not even in seatbelts, just disappear because it's okay because Joe Biden said so.
  I mean, they're liberal.
  It's like all the pedophilia.
  Oh, it's okay because they're liberal.
  It's like Hollywood.
  The whole left is talking about poison destroy this country.
  There's another bus over there.
  Let's go over there.
  All right.
  Transporting those children is illegal while you're doing it.
  It's just like last time.
  This time we're just going to let them go.
  Look, there's another van full of people right there going to the alley!
  And another van!
  I mean, look at this!
  I mean, folks, this is ridiculous.
  Have you ever played sports as a kid or like, you know, any of these conferences?
  It's like pulling up when there's like a big soccer tournament somewhere in, you know, central Illinois or central Missouri in the middle of nowhere and all the buses show up at the same time or like, you know, some big mud run or something.
  It's like all the buses pulling at once.
  It's just like buses everywhere and people being unloaded everywhere and it's just all these people.
  That's what this is like, but it's an illegal...
  Smuggling operation!
  It's not a soccer tournament or a mud run or some, you know, music festival.
  No!
  It's a human smuggling operation, buses around the clock, unloading thousands of people.
  But just for the radio audience that doesn't understand, you know, because you're just listening.
  I mean, that's what this is like.
  Imagine you're sitting at like a big, you know, mud run event or big music festival and all these buses are coming in or a college conference tournament and just busload dropping off students and athletes and fans and busload, busload, busload, busload.
  Except it's a illegal immigrant smuggling pipeline.
  A human smuggling pipeline.
  Not a sporting event.
  Not a college conference, not a music festival, an illegal immigration, human smuggling operation.
  And the media there reports on it, and so they have to call law enforcement to try to bully and intimidate media from reporting on it.
  This is so sick.
  Alright, ladies and gentlemen, InfoWars has done it again, just showing you the human smuggling operation, but whatever, you know, it's fine, it's just out of control.
  Infowars is here because there's a war on for your mind.
  That's why it's been our motto for more than 25 years.
  And if you research even the UN's own admissions, over 2 billion people on planet Earth out of 7.5 billion have cognitive disabilities, lower IQ because of lack of iodine.
  That's why they work to make sure iodine isn't in the food, isn't in the salt anymore.
  Now regular iodine that you find
  In food is bound to different minerals, and so it's hard for your body to absorb.
  But if you get the proper type of iodine, there's three types that are good for the body, it does amazing things.
  It's essential in the body.
  Well, we have our amazing Tri-Iodine.
  A big shipment came in, and so we're able to offer it at the lowest price ever, 60% off.
  That is Survival Shield X3, 60% off with three types of powerful iodine.
  Tri-Iodine is from a patented
  We're good.
  That's right, I'm about to hand the reins of the Alex Jones Show over to Paul Joseph Watson.
  Owen Troyer about to sign off, but I'm going to be back in an hour hosting the War Room, and we got a couple other big guests coming up on the War Room, and I'm going to get to all of this major news here that I have on my desk that I wasn't able to cover today, just because of all the other breaking news that was happening, but I'm going to do that in the War Room coming up after Paul Joseph Watson hosts, but folks, please,
  I'm telling you, Alex just made the decision, look, we gotta go down to the border and cover this, it's too big not to cover.
  Even when accounting said, I'm not sure if we can really afford this right now, he said, you know what, the audience will pull through, so please shop at InfoWarsTore.com, get the air filters, get the water filters, get the emergency food supplies, get the t-shirts, just do a straight out donation, get the great supplements that we have for sale, it's all at InfoWarsTore.com, and that's what not just keeps us on air,
  Which is one thing, that's one effort, just to keep us on air that's important, but then it builds the platforms that we have to use, like Band.Video, and it allows us to fund these trips to McAllen, so that we can expose the giant human trafficking operation going on, because guess what?
  No one else will!
  Literally, no one else will, except InfoWars.
  So please, continue to shop at InfoWarsStore.com.
  All this footage is going up at Bandot Video and more that we haven't even seen yet from Alex down at the border.
  So, share the links as well.
  Tell your friends and family, hey, did you see the giant human smuggling operation happening in McAllen, Texas?
  What?
  I thought Kamala Harris went down there!
  No, that was fake.
  Here's the actual HD footage.
  Busloads of children.
  Vans of children.
  All happening.
  All illegal.
  Human smuggling operations.
  Millions of them pouring in.
  So, folks, remember, share the links and also financially support us at ForWorthStore.com.
  Alright, Paul Joseph Watson takes over on the Alex Jones Show for the remainder of the hour.
  I'll be back in 53 minutes hosting the War Room.
  Paul, take it away.
  Thanks, Owen.
  Yeah, we have an update.
  In fact, two updates on a story you probably saw yesterday, or I think it was on Monday, actually, which is the case of the trans individual exposing themselves to children at WeSpa in Los Angeles.
  There's been more fallout from that.
  Obviously, the spa itself continuing to defend its position, saying you can't, by law, apparently discriminate against men showing their testicles to little girls in the female areas of spas and health clubs.
  Two massive updates on that.
  I'm going to get to that later though because we're still under lockdown here in the UK until July 29th.
  They're probably going to extend it.
  They extended it the time before.
  They said last summer that it would be the last lockdown and we're still in a form of lockdown.
  But I woke up yesterday and the headline is bizarre hysterical reaction to England's chief medical officer being harassed.
  So reports that this guy, this public health official,
  Had been viciously assaulted, attacked on the streets of London, not far from where I live actually.
  They claimed, or they tried to presume, they tried to suggest that it was some kind of anti-lockdown protest.
  That he'd been viciously attacked, viciously assaulted, viciously abused.
  Top banner headlines across the entirety of the British media.
  I go and look at the video, and it's in this article if you want to play it in the background by the way,
  And it's literally two drunk idiots who look inebriated who go up to this Chief Medical Officer, who by the way has been responsible for lockdown policies that have killed untold tens of thousands of people and will kill even more in the long run because of missed cancer treatments, other missed medical appointments, we've got drastic rises in depression.
  Especially childhood depression.
  We've got families atomized, having not seen each other.
  We've got people's grandparents dying, having not seen their family for the past 15 months.
  And this is the guy, one of the primary guys responsible for those policies.
  We've had the deification of the National Health Service in this country.
  To the point, as you probably remember last year, when there were literal weekly worship sessions for the NHS when everyone went outside onto their front porch and had to applaud the NHS.
  And if you didn't do that, by the way, the Karens on Facebook would track you down and publicly ritually humiliate and shame you for not taking part in that worship of the NHS.
  This guy was responsible for the lockdown policies that have incredibly damaged the economy, exacerbated poverty, led to massive job losses.
  That's only going to get worse because we're always going to be under some form of lockdown from what the experts are saying.
  So this is the guy partially responsible for all that.
  So now they have to deify him because he was viciously harassed and attacked on the street.
  You watch the video!
  And it's two drunk individuals going up to him and asking for a selfie.
  It says, Oi, oi, please, just one photo, one photo, mate.
  One of them told Professor Chris Whitty.
  Now, was this an unpleasant experience for Professor Whitty?
  Probably.
  Was it unfortunate that it happened?
  Probably yes.
  Was it a combination of 9-11 and the Holocaust rolled into one as the British media treated it yesterday morning in some quarters?
  No.
  It was two drunk fools trying to get a video selfie with a government official on the street.
  So now it plays into this whole narrative of, we saw it a couple of weeks ago.
  With the anti-lockdown protesters chasing after a BBC News journalist.
  It's this idea that this horde of unruly violent mob is chasing down public officials and journalists on the street and is going to violently attack them.
  In neither case was there any violent attack.
  Meanwhile, you just had an entire summer of BLM mobs desecrating the flag
  Graffitiing, defacing the Winston Churchill statue, numerous other statues, attacking police in the street, who then bowed down and gave them the knee.
  Literally crowding round vehicles, as you saw in the US in many cases, happened to me.
  Outside the U.S.
  Embassy, they crowded around the vehicle, and if you didn't show sufficient sympathy with their cause, with your facial expressions, they attacked you.
  Or at least, like, started banging on the vehicle and started trying to shove things through the window, because you'd committed, as Orwell wrote, a face crime.
  Your facial expression didn't match with what they wanted, which was obsequiousness, genuflecting, complete support for their deranged cause.
  I happened to have a raging hangover that morning, which is why I wasn't looking too pleased with the situation, being sat in traffic for two hours while this mob surrounded the US Embassy.
  But again, they attack the vehicles, they attack the police violently, they throw rocks at Parliament.
  There was an incident where they were throwing things at a police horse and it bucked and it was completely
  Scared, terrified to death, it ran down the street, smashed into a woman who was very seriously injured.
  The kind of condemnation that we saw during those months was completely absent.
  But now, because one deified, sanctified public health official gets accosted by two drunk people who want a selfie, suddenly, oh, they need more security.
  We need to hunt down these dangerous terrorists and lock them up.
  You literally had Boris Johnson
  Tweeting about this an hour later as if it was some kind of vicious attack on a sanctified member of the SAGE Advisory Committee.
  It was unpleasant.
  It was an unfortunate incident.
  But again, the fact that they responded in that way shows you that they're trying to put people into this bracket.
  Which includes anti-lockdown protesters, includes anyone who makes a deified public health official look a bit uncomfortable for 30 seconds, and of course people who don't take the vaccine in this separate tier of society where they can be treated like absolute trash and discriminated against.
  And I see a lot of parallels emerging between the treatment, comparing the treatment between the BLM Antifa rioters who burned down entire city blocks, looted stores, attacked people viciously,
  For the best part of a year in America, being let off completely almost across the board.
  Charges dropped, charges reduced to trespassing, no prison time.
  We've got a story later about that, about a BLM rioter who literally smashed a car window in the face of a one-year-old kid.
  No prison time for him.
  Meanwhile, you literally have the people who stormed, rearranged the furniture in the Capitol building,
  Being tortured, being ostracized, being withdrawn from legal aid, being withdrawn contact with their family and being basically put in solitary confinement in some cases and treated like literal terrorists.
  They're going to start putting anti-lockdown protesters
  And they're going to start putting people who don't take the vaccine for whatever reason, increasingly more in that category, dehumanizing them, making them stay under de facto lockdown, where all the freedoms that the government gives everybody back, like they were the governments to give in the first place, no longer apply to those who don't wear the mask, who don't take the vaccine, who engage in an anti-lockdown protest.
  So I'm going to get more into that after the break.
  And then, as I said earlier,
  If you were disgusted by the story about a trans individual flashing his penis to kids in a spa in Los Angeles, just wait for this update because, if possible, it gets even worse.
  Summit.News will be right back.
  Don't go away.
  So we have the media's complete over-the-top reporting in the incident involving the Chief Medical Officer, Chris Witte, yesterday morning.
  Then we have this out of Breitbart.
  Two-tier lockdown.
  Tory government exempts elite senior executives from Covid quarantine.
  Of course, the UEFA officials who are attending London Wembley Stadium for the Euro 2020 football championships have been allowed to waive quarantine procedures completely.
  The rules on
  Having to self-isolate when they arrive in the UK, which apply to everyone else, don't apply to them.
  Meanwhile, the England football fans are being told that they can't go to Rome, Italy, to watch England in the quarterfinal on Saturday because they would have to quarantine.
  So the rules that apply to everyone else don't apply to the elite, basically, and to the people who make them.
  Last week, on Friday, we had Matt Hancock being caught having an affair with his aide.
  He's married with three kids.
  So is she, by the way.
  She didn't receive much criticism on that score.
  Being caught violating the very social distancing policies that he had advocated for and indeed become the face of for the best part of the past year.
  This was a guy, Matt Hancock, the Health Secretary, who literally called on police to interfere and in some cases even arrest people.
  If they were caught having relationships with people who they weren't already living with or cohabiting with, or in a what they call a secure relationship with, before the start of the first lockdown.
  Meanwhile, he's been doing it the whole time with his friggin mistress!
  The same case with Professor Neil Ferguson, Professor Lockdown.
  The guy who's
  Fake model that said half a million Brits would die of Covid was used as government policy to lock the country down back in March last year.
  What was he caught doing?
  Travelling back and forth across London and having his mistress do the same to have an illicit affair with her while we were under the first lockdown, the most severe of all the lockdowns.
  Again, it brings you back to the question.
  If these scientific medical elites, government elites, really believe that this virus is so deadly, as they told us at the beginning,
  Why do they wantonly violate the rules that they enforce upon everyone else time and time again?
  Many such cases.
  Breitbart reports two-tier lockdown Tory government exempts elite senior executives from Covid quarantine.
  Says just days after the government minister who implemented Britain's long-running lockdown was sensationally caught ignoring his own rules, the UK has implemented a new exemption for senior executives to ignore coronavirus quarantines as well.
  Then you had another government minister come out and basically say that, quote, important people weren't subject to the same rules that they were imposing on everyone else.
  So as long as you're a business elite, which means basically as long as you're rich and have lucrative contracts with the government, you can come and go in and out of the country as you please without any of these restrictions which are imposed on everyone else being imposed on you.
  One rule for us, one rule for them.
  Matt Hancock was caught doing that.
  The vast amount of the backlash was about him violating social distancing.
  There was very little backlash about the fact that he'd been caught having an affair on his wife and three kids.
  By the way, he gave his own wife COVID after sleeping with his mistress.
  This was the guy who was presiding over the UK's lockdown on all the social distancing that we were supposed to abide by.
  So he got a lot of heat for that and he had to resign a couple of days later.
  What he didn't get a lot of heat for was cheating on his wife and three kids.
  And to that effect, here's a clip from Nigel Farage where he talks about that and how that did not receive enough attention.
  Here's the clip.
  So Nigel, what was your reaction to that response from the Bishop of Manchester?
  What the thrush?
  I mean, I asked a Church of England bishop whether there was a moral dimension to a story about two married people who have an affair and who decided now to move off together, leaving, you know, quite a lot of children in a difficult position.
  And look,
  You know, I am the last person down on earth to give lectures about morality, but I do look to the Church of England, the established church of our country, in which I was christened and confirmed, and I look to that church and its bishops for some kind of moral and spiritual leadership.
  So I asked him, was there a moral dimension to this story?
  And the Bishop says, oh, it's just a middle-aged bloke having a fling.
  I'm more concerned about social distancing than I am about him breaking his marriage vows.
  I mean, if that... Look, I know the Church is full of all sorts of oddballs, but if the Church of England...
  I cannot stand up and defend the sanctity of marriage.
  I wonder what the point of it is.
  And it says to me why their congregations are collapsing.
  It is a complete failure of our established church.
  And I was very, I was disappointed.
  I wanted to get a lecture.
  I wanted to go away thinking I must become a better person.
  What I got was, yeah, let it all hang out.
  Who gives a damn?
  I really think, Dan, it was astonishing.
  So you have the bureaucrats who create the rules, violating them on a regular basis.
  Happened with Hancock, happened with Professor Neil Ferguson.
  You have the UEFA bureaucrats coming in to watch the football.
  They're not subject to any of the same rules as anyone else.
  The England fans going over to Italy are.
  That's why none of them can go.
  You have a two-tier society being created, where it's one rule for them, one rule for everyone else.
  You also have a two-tier society being created in the context of the vaccine.
  And don't be surprised when more examples like this start popping up in Western countries.
  But we have a headline here, Abu Dhabi bans unvaccinated adults from shopping malls, restaurants and colleges.
  It says, authorities in Abu Dhabi have announced that unvaccinated adults will be banned from shopping malls, restaurants, colleges and other places
  From August 20 onwards, as the committee stated, the decision would enhance safety in areas that have been subject to additional precautionary measures and provide enhanced protection, blah.
  Basically, those who don't take the vaccine, whether they refuse to do so or they're medically advised against taking it,
  We'll only be able to access places such as supermarkets and pharmacies.
  If they want to go to the gym, health club, resorts, museums, cultural centres, theme parks, universities, institutes, public and private schools, nurseries, shopping malls, restaurants, then it's a hard no.
  Can't get in there because they haven't taken the vaccine.
  I mean, why everybody who's taken this miraculous vaccine would be afraid of them if it supposedly protects them?
  Who knows?
  But again, this is about continuing lockdown for those who don't comply.
  They've basically singled out and identified, not just with the mask mandates, but with those who don't take the vaccine.
  And bear in mind, in some countries now, they're keeping lists of people who don't take the vaccine.
  They've singled out the dissidents.
  They've singled out everyone who will refuse to comply.
  And even if that's not used for persecution within the next few years, that is the benchmark that they've set.
  So those people who were dissidents and refused to comply are being punished by remaining under lockdown.
  They say, oh, the vaccine's not mandatory.
  It's your right to take it or not.
  Nothing happens if you don't take it.
  Yes, it does.
  You lose lifestyle choices, social choices.
  You can't go to a shopping mall.
  You can't go to a restaurant, a theme park, a university.
  You lose out on an education.
  In the United Arab Emirates from August 20, that is the policy.
  We've seen attempts to introduce it in the West with the vaccine passport and now with the government, even if they're not mandating it, saying to businesses,
  Feel free to mandate it privately despite that being discriminatory and against the law.
  So again, it's creating a two-tier system in society where those who don't take the jab face discrimination and the inability to engage in basic lifestyle or social activities.
  That is de facto lockdown forever and that is de facto mandatory vaccination because if you don't take it then your life will never return to normal.
  We'll be back.
  Summit.News.
  Don't go away.
  Now you've all probably seen the viral video by now which came out on Monday of the African-American woman confronting staff at WeSpar in Los Angeles over what she claimed was a transgender individual, which is now the new pillar of society, exposing his genitals to both women and children in the female area of this health club.
  It was a two and a half minute video.
  She went on a rant, and righteously so against the staffers, when confronted with this information that this individual
  Who, by the way, was probably the same individual who was spoken about in a 2018 review of the same place, which said this guy was literally in the showers, in the female showers, with his tackle hanging out, bragging about how he was now having sex with women and about how many women he'd had sex with.
  It sounds like it's the same guy because it occurred at the same spa, 2018.
  Then you had this video where she confronts the staffers
  Meanwhile, you know, you literally have the Biden administration.
  Encouraging, promoting trans children.
  Like, literally, if there's a platform to run on in 2024, surely it's, we don't want trans kids.
  Literally, the depression rates are 66%, and that's the people who admit to it.
  The suicide rates are through the roof.
  Even after they have surgery, transgenders, the suicide rate remains the same.
  Everything points to the fact that it's a mental illness but now apparently these people are now the pillars of society and their lifestyle is so healthy and doesn't lead to morbid misery and depression that we should be encouraging kids to do this, follow this really healthy lifestyle too.
  But you had this incident on Sunday.
  You had social media fallout over it.
  The spa itself did nothing to reverse its position.
  In fact there's a statement here in this article
  They cited California Civil Code 51B and argued that it would have been discriminatory to take action against the man with his meat and two veg hanging out around kids.
  Because like many of the metropolitan areas, Los Angeles, trash city.
  I mean, look at the picture of this spa.
  It just looks like an S-hole from the outside.
  Only in Los Angeles, but maybe not only in Los Angeles now.
  It says, like many other metropolitan areas, Los Angeles is a complete trash city full of degenerate scum.
  No, it says Los Angeles contains a transgender population, some of whom enjoy visiting a spa.
  WeSpa strives to meet the needs of all its customers.
  It's almost like they're taking the piss.
  Is the need of customers to get their willy out in front of little girls?
  Is that, is the customer always right in that instance?
  So they put out this statement basically just standing by what they said in front of the woman confronting them.
  But then there's another development.
  Before I get into that development, there's an even more disturbing one.
  Los Angeles Magazine did a report on this, which didn't really get picked up, but I wrote about it in this article, where there was a similar case at another spa where a trans woman deliberately provoked other customers by spreading out her legs and taking front-facing showers.
  It says, this happened at Century Day and Night Spa on Olympic Boulevard.
  2020, spring last year, a trans woman with everything reflected female on her driver's license, by the way Biden today has announced that you're going to be able to put X on your passport, they're literally right behind all this, caused an uproar among cisgender female clients, that means females, by exposing male genitals in the female pools and lockers.
  She, that's what they call him, she wouldn't really use the spars.
  She just sat at the corner of the pool with her feet in the water and her legs spread or took front-facing showers.
  So you've literally got a guy
  Using the female locker rooms, using the female pools, sitting on the edge of the pool, naked, with his tackle hanging out in front of women and children.
  And then going to the showers after, and taking front-facing showers to deliberately make them see his genitalia.
  But it gets worse, it gets worse than this.
  In this case, to their credit,
  Century Day and Night Spa admitted that people felt uncomfortable.
  Oh, imagine my shock.
  And they say it became very disruptive.
  When the spa finally confronted her, she was- she, again, they call her she, literally got meat and two veg hanging out in front of women.
  She was adamant that the spa should attempt to normalize young girls and women viewing male genitalia.
  So this individual was deliberately doing it because he wanted to expose women and girls to male genitalia as part of what I can only assume is an LGBT activist crusade.
  Absolutely disgusting.
  But as I said, it gets worse.
  As if it could.
  So this wee spa in Los Angeles, right, where they had this incident on Sunday night with the man with his meat and two veg, hairy meat and two veg, hanging out in front of women and kids.
  People saw this.
  They went to the Google Reviews, which I saw when I was looking for the Street View image of this wee spa.
  They went to the Google Reviews, gave them a bunch of one-star reviews.
  I assume it's the same on Yelp.
  But there's also a protest organized outside the spa at 11 a.m.
  this Saturday.
  We spa Los Angeles to demonstrate against the health club's policy.
  However, counter protesters have indicated they will gather an hour before that at 10 a.m.
  to face down the horrible bigots who think men flashing their penises in kids' faces is a bad thing.
  Imagine being part of that mindset.
  Why would anyone want to counter-protest people who are opposed to allowing men to show their genitalia to children?
  What kind of people would want to do that?
  Pedophiles, that's who, and pedophile sympathizers.
  These are LGBT activists.
  Who think that it's going to be good optics to go to WeSpa and protest in favour of men showing their genitals to kids?
  Yes, this is a thing that's actually going to happen.
  I mean, even from an optics perspective.
  What goes through these people's heads?
  Oh, I know, I know what will make our movement look good and more accepted by the mainstream and more, you know, respected generally.
  Let's go down to WeSpa and protest in favour of men showing their penis to little girls.
  Yeah, that's gonna make you look really good, isn't it?
  But the left will probably get right behind them.
  I mean, they've defended drag queen story time for the past, what, five, six years.
  And as I said, meanwhile, you know, the Biden administration is promoting the cause of sex changes for children.
  That's literally government policy now.
  So there is actually a counter-protest at WeSpa on Saturday against people who don't want their kids in the health club seeing men's balls and penises.
  This is 2021, ladies and gentlemen, and we live in hell.
  There was one voice who spoke out against this,
  Fox News headline, LGBTQ community appalled after transgender person... Appalled?
  Really?
  Is that why they're having a counter-protest?
  After transgender person exposes male genitalia in front of young girls at LA Sport.
  And there was one person who they found to speak out against this.
  And to be fair,
  We've had stories in the past of some of the drag queens and some of the trans coming out and saying, why in the hell are you taking your kids to drag queen shows?
  Why are you exposing them to any sexuality whatsoever when they're children?
  But Fox News contributor Tammy Bruce, who I assume is transgender or lesbian or whatever, don't really care.
  She went on Fox News and said she was appalled by it.
  A member of the LGBT community herself, she told Tucker Carlson on Monday that the exchange was troubling to many of her transgender friends who found the individual's behaviour offensive.
  I mean, that's funny because I haven't seen any of them come out online and actually speak the truth, speak the righteous moral truth and say that this is an absolute disgusting act and it should be opposed by everyone across the board.
  We'll see!
  We'll see how many counter-protesters turn up to WeSpa on Saturday at 10am and if they're outnumbered by people who apparently in their mind are horrific transphobic bigots who don't want little five-year-old girls seeing male genitalia in public health clubs.
  Apparently they're the bad people now.
  Don't go away!
  We will be right back with more news.
  Summit.News.
  We'll be back.
  Stay right there.
  I'm going to come back and finish off with some final important news stories, but we're going to go to this video first because, as I explained before the break, you have leftist LGBT activists following the righteous cause of protesting in favour of men showing their genitals to kids in LA.
  That's their new civil rights crusade apparently.
  You also have leftists continuing to exist in this deluded utopian world where they campaign for the release and indeed the complete lack of incarceration of criminals in the first place.
  We've seen this in many cases in Europe where literally
  People who campaign for refugees, people who campaign against Islamophobia, end up going to very dangerous areas of the world, completely high on this utopian thinking that the world is all a safe place everywhere in the world, that there aren't some places that are more dangerous than others, that there aren't pockets of the world where more dangerous people live, who have completely different cultural standards and ideas about the treatment of women, for example,
  They end up going on these trips, in many cases women on their own, and in many cases, unfortunately, end up getting raped and murdered.
  And we saw another case of that in America.
  A couple of weeks ago, where a woman who campaigned for prisoners' rights, she wrote a thesis on this, went into a dangerous area of Chicago where there are a bunch of insane, crazy criminals, and she ended up tragically being stabbed to death.
  This is the tragedy of utopian thinking.
  Let's roll the clip.
  Well, it happened again.
  Annette Kimchey, a 31-year-old scholar at the University of Maryland, had a paper published in the Journal of Quantitative Criminology in 2019 attempting to prove America's criminal justice system was racist against young black offenders and black drug offenders.
  While visiting Chicago over the weekend, Kim Chi was viciously stabbed in the back and neck after she was ambushed by a homeless man who jumped out of the bushes.
  Now again, this is a horrific crime.
  The only person to blame is the scum murderer.
  And I'm not doing as cynical, I told you so.
  I want this to stop happening because it keeps happening to young women over and over again.
  The tragedy of Annette Kim Chi bears the hallmarks of numerous previous examples.
  Why was she walking in an obscure, dangerous area of Chicago all alone?
  The crime scene is in a relatively secluded area, apparently not the sort of place you'd find a lot of pedestrians.
  You see some people who are like yelling, people with mental issues, like having a bad time, a little surprised.
  I kind of avoid this area because it can get a little weird.
  She trying to visit the homeless camp as part of her general interest or research?
  Did she have any awareness of the fact that homicides in Chicago already high?
  ...have again risen dramatically in the past year.
  Was her murderer a victim of the systemically racist criminal justice system, or should he have been in prison?
  How did the victim's family react to the murder?
  The family is suggesting anyone who would like to honour Anat's memory consider making a contribution to the Equal Justice Initiative.
  The Equal Justice Initiative is a non-profit organization based in Montgomery, Alabama that provides legal representation to prisoners who may have been wrongly convicted of crimes, poor prisoners without effective representation, and others who may have been denied a fair trial.
  Need I say any more?
  The body count of cultural relativism only seems to be rising every single year.
  The idea that a person's beliefs, values and practices should be understood based on that person's own culture rather than be judged against the criteria of another.
  How many videos have I made about delusional leftists who carry their utopian thinking into the real world?
  And end up in dangerous locations and situations.
  How many more young women who've swallowed the narrative of moral relativism, that all cultures are equal, and everyone's essentially the same, are going to end up dead?
  How many more of these tragedies do we have to witness before people begin to grasp that the world is a dangerous place, and that some places are more dangerous than others?
  Let's do six previous examples, and this is merely scratching the surface.
  Amanda Kajira, a liberal activist who said she was, quote, committed to preserving the dignity of black men in a world which constantly stereotypes them as violent savages.
  She travelled on her own to Haiti to raise awareness about violence against women.
  She ended up being held captive and repeatedly raped by a black man.
  After the incident, she said that the real blame for what happened lies...
  With the white patriarchy.
  The left-wing vegan couple who wrote blogs about how evil was a make-believe concept spread by bigoted, ignorant people who just refused to understand other cultures.
  They went cycling in dangerous, sketchy areas throughout the world.
  They ended up being run off the road in Tajikistan and slaughtered by ISIS terrorists.
  The two female Scandinavian tourists who were anti-Islamophobia activists and posted on their Facebook page, quote,
  Never judge people by their appearance.
  They went hiking in Morocco's remote Atlas Mountains.
  They ended up being beheaded by ISIS terrorists.
  Never judge people by their appearance.
  This is what their killers looked like.
  Ellen Krantz, a Swedish refugee activist who was a member of a Facebook page called We Like Diversity.
  Ellen got on a tram near Gothenburg, Sweden for what should have been a routine journey.
  She ended up being raped, killed and dumped in the woods by an Ethiopian migrant.
  Zayda Catalan, a Swedish Green Party politician who believed in open borders.
  She visited the Democratic Republic of Congo as part of a UN mission.
  She ended up being beheaded and thrown in a shallow grave.
  Pippa Bakker, a performance artist who said she wanted to travel the world alone, sending a message of peace between nations.
  According to her sister, Bakker thought that people were too cynical about others.
  Bakker hitchhiked from Italy to Turkey.
  She ended up being raped and strangled to death.
  I could have gone on forever.
  These are just six examples from the past few years.
  Annette Kimchey's killer is still at large, and tragically, thanks to pathological altruism, moral relativism, and utopian thinking.
  All traits of social engineering amplified by the media, the left, and culture in general.
  There'll unfortunately be many more such cases in the years to come.
  Parents.
  Please tell your daughters not to travel to weird, sketchy countries on their own.
  Not to walk in dangerous places alone.
  Not to walk anywhere late at night on their own.
  Because whatever they tell you, the world is not full of nice, friendly, tolerant people.
  The world is a dangerous place.
  There you have it.
  Many such cases, and on the subject of criminals not being convicted.
  Headline, BLM rioter who smashed car window in a toddler's face.
  Again, to get justice for George Floyd, obviously.
  Avoids jail time after lawyer says it was an emotional time.
  He was very upset.
  Black Lives Matter rioter who smashed the car window in a one-year-old child's face has avoided prison after his lawyer argued it was a very emotional time for the culprit.
  The video, which is included in this article, shows an incident that occurred in Fredericksburg, Virginia, during last year's George Floyd protests.
  Mostly peaceful, as we know.
  Shows a BLM mob surrounding the vehicle before Victor Miles II smashes the glass, which shatters all over the child in the backseat.
  And if you watch this video, it looks like he deliberately sees the child in the backseat and smashes the backseat window.
  Doesn't go for the one where the driver is, who's trying to get through this mob.
  Goes for the one where the child is.
  And guess what he got as a result?
  A suspended sentence of just 90 days for assault and destruction of property.
  And the assault charge will be completely removed from his record if he stays out of trouble for a year.
  So he's basically going to walk the streets free to attack children, anyone who doesn't agree with Black Lives Matter.
  And his defense attorney, Eugene Frost, justified the sentence by arguing that Miles was angry because, quote, it was a very emotional time all the way around.
  So because one individual, George Floyd, got murdered by a cop, that makes him angry, that makes him a little bit sensitive, so he gets to smash a glass in the face of children.
  Meanwhile, of course, the people who stormed the Capitol are all rotting in solitary confinement.
  No one cares about them.
  The media calls them terrorists.
  A Guardian analysis of legal records following last year's riots, mostly peaceful, found that the vast majority of citations and charges against George Floyd protesters were ultimately dropped, dismissed, or otherwise not filed.
  And you have NYPD data that shows out of the 118 arrests made in the Bronx in June 2020, 73 were dismissed, 18 remained open, and there were 19 convictions for lesser crimes.
  So the actual criminals who burned down entire city blocks, attacked people viciously, they're all getting off.
  Meanwhile, the boomers who raided the Capitol,
  Nascent, sodium and potassium.
  Three forms of pure elemental iodine that went together, fused together to create what is called stable iodine.
  Now, I'm not a chemist, I'm not a scientist, but years ago, when X3 became our bestseller, we went to top developers and we said, how can we make an X3?
  And they said, well,
  Some people can't absorb pure atomic nascent iodine, but if you add the other two types, it supercharges it and delivers it into the cells better.
  So I said, which one's better?
  They said, it's really apples and oranges.
  It depends on the person.
  So it's two different formulas.
  It's a great seller.
  People love it.
  I personally like it best.
  I get the best results for myself and my children.
  It's a different formula than X2 that's also amazing.
  That's 50% off theinforestore.com.
  But I want you to experience X3 and see if it's better for you.
  And it also supports the broadcast.
  Now, it's been sold out for a long time, but we've gotten a big shipment of it in right now.
  And so with all the stuff going on in the world, the fact that this is so good for your immune system, so good for every cell in your body, it's essential.
  We are offering X3 at 60% off with free shipping and double Patriot points.
  That is the biggest deal we've ever offered in the history of this product because I want
  You do experience it and we're so proud of it.
  All of these things are essential, meaning if you do not have it, your body breaks down and you die.
  What a thought.
  It takes 3-4 days to die without water.
  It takes about a month or so to die without food on average.
  But what's in the food?
  Well, it's the vitamins, it's the minerals, it's the different elements our body has to have.
  One of the big ones is iodine.
  Check this out for yourself.
  Even Wikipedia links to UN reports that over 2 billion people on the face of the earth have lower IQs and other cognitive disabilities because of iodine deficiencies.
  Wherever you get iodine, get it.
  Sea salt has it.
  Fish has it.
  The problem is it's not strong in sea salt and a lot of the stuff in fish is contaminated with mercury and other things.
  This doesn't have any of that.
  Totally clean.
  It's triiodine, and I want you to have it.
  It's 60% off with free shipping, double Patreon points, despite the fact we're going to sell out of it.
  This is our big loss leader, but I want you to experience and see what it does for you.
  On average, it took me and my family about two, three weeks.
  We're good to go.
  We fund ourselves with book sales, t-shirt sales, and supplement sales at InfoWarsTore.com, so please take advantage of this sale today at InfoWarsTore.com.
  X3 Tri-Iodine, and the biggest sale in our history, also essential for your immune system.
  Look into IQ in iodine.
  Learn how it's the good halogen, the opposite of fluoride.
  Learn about the iodine conspiracy at InfoWarsTore.com.
  InfoWars is very excited to announce that in the last 16 months, we have been very busy developing three new products that are the trifecta of immune support.
  A lot of the research is new, but most of the research is actually very old and well documented.
  Take just one of the products.
  New Info Wars Live, Vitamin C plus Zinc with Rose Hemps.
  Now listen to this.
  Linus Pauling won a Nobel Prize for science that 1,100% of the daily recommended allowance of Vitamin C did incredible things for the body, for your health, for stamina.
  Well, we simply went back to his research and put out the formulation that he recommended with the Zinc and the Rose Hemps.
  This is the classic super Vitamin C product from a natural organic source and it's 25% off.
  I don't
  Very high quality whole food multivitamin meaning it's coming from organic food.
  It's not synthetic.
  It's not made in a lab.
  This is absorbed by your body and it's so good for you.
  This whole food multivitamin is 25% off out of the gates and it goes together wonderfully with vitamin C and the zinc product and then
  We have delicious high quality vitamin D3 gummies with calcium as well 25% off.
  I don't have to tell you what vitamin D3 does or what calcium does but the two again go together in a synergistic fashion and all three of these formulas go together in synergistic fashion to do incredible things for your body.
  This is something that everyone should be taking but especially those of us above
  Check it out today at M4WarStore.com.
  Get great products that enrich your life and that fund the tip of the spear in the fight against the globalists.
  I'm Alex Jones thanking you all for your support.
  Now take action now at M4WarStore.com.