From the front lines of the Information War, it's Alex Jones.
  Well, we made it this far.
  July 4th, 2021.
  You weren't supposed to be here.
  And counting my lucky stars, if we're here next year, in July 2022, I will just be absolutely pleased as punch.
  Because this is quite a time to be alive right now.
  We are witnessing world government, Mark of the Beast, satanic takeover, and as negative as that is, it is extremely positive that we know God is real and that prophecy is being fulfilled.
  And so, I wanted to go ahead and air a little piece we put together a few months ago with a star-spangled banner.
  It's a little sentimental, but the left totally hates it.
  They want to get rid of it.
  They can't stand it.
  But what is it about America they hate so much?
  Doesn't mean America's perfect.
  Doesn't mean America hadn't sinned.
  But what is the idea of America empowering humanity, empowering human life that scares the system so incredibly much?
  So here's this little short three-minute star-spangled banner for you.
  On this July 4th Sunday transmission.
  And we got Judge Joe Brown and so much more coming up for you tonight.
  So don't just sit on that fire you got going on.
  Share America Today.
  And we'll be right back on the other side with Judge Joe Brown and so much more on this July 4th special broadcast.
  Oh, say can you see by the dawn's early light What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming?
  Whose broad stripes
  We're good to go.
  We must win our cause, it is just, and this be our motto.
  I am the greatest!
  Attention projectionists, adjust the lens so that your picture will be focused properly before the show starts.
  Watch the American Journal weekday mornings 8 to 11 central at band.video.
  The Alex Jones Show.
  Because there is a war on.
  For your mind.
  It's the war.
  It's all in show.
  Please stand by for further details.
  We return you now to your regularly scheduled program.
  Welcome, Dano.
  No, it's not Hawaii Five-0.
  Live from Austin, Texas, it's Alex Jones.
  It's the Info War!
  Monday through Friday from 11 a.m.
  to 3 p.m.
  weekdays.
  Back Sundays, 4 to 6 p.m.
  live.
  And we are here!
  We are live!
  We are fighting back!
  All right, I've got an amazing Gregory's report we're about to air here in just a few minutes.
  He's done so many amazing reports, hundreds of them, but this one may be his best, he believes.
  I think it's definitely in his top two or three.
  The 10 Stages of Genocide.
  Oh, you might want to wait until you hear this, but first let me just say this right up front.
  We've done incredible things, we've done remarkable things, we've done historical things, we've done scary things, beautiful things, lovely things, eternal things, together with this broadcast.
  But I gotta tell ya, we can't do it without your support.
  And so, we're running the biggest sale so far of the year, store-wide free shipping, double Patriot points, and it's going to have to end Monday morning, because...
  I was sitting there today, and I called my warehouse guy, and I said, listen, DNA Force Plus, I thought that was basically sold out.
  40% off.
  How are you doing that?
  Body's Ultimate Turmeric Formula.
  Haven't promoted that in months, because we can't even get it back in.
  40% off.
  Turbo Force, 10-hour clean energy, 40% off.
  Alpha Power, 40% off.
  VasoBeats, 50% off.
  PolyBlock, 40% off.
  Survival Shield X2, 50% off.
  Sugar-Mel-Phil Vitality, 50% off.
  Survival Shield X3, 60% off.
  With it selling out,
  We're good to go.
  You said, despite the fact that's been at full price for months because we can't get it back in, and a little bit of supplies, you said to discount everything, we've got to sell everything.
  And I'm like, I guess you're right.
  By God, I'm in that position.
  Because of the lockdowns, the economy, and the global reset, most of the products we can't even get back in, much less discount them.
  But I'm going to catch 22.
  If I don't discount them, you won't buy them.
  We're not on air.
  So, we have no problem getting t-shirts in.
  Textiles still work great.
  All the great special vitamins and minerals and trace elements and special herbs.
  Those are impossible to get.
  But we've got free American shirts in camo, navy blue and black for men and women.
  We've got Save the Frog shirts.
  We've got all the t-shirts that fund the operation.
  So get one today.
  Trigger a leftist.
  Wear them loud and proud in public.
  But, we do have X3, Deep Earth Crystal Iodine and two other types.
  So good for your body.
  The opposite of the fluoride, the bromine, the bad halogens.
  It's back in stock.
  We got it back in three weeks ago.
  We finally got a big shipment.
  I said, well, it's a big shipment.
  We'll sell it at 60% off for $16.
  But after free shipping, double-patron points, it's almost a lost leader.
  We're going to have to end that sale by Sunday.
  But don't worry, X2, we've got a decent supply.
  At current sales rates, it'll be gone in two weeks.
  Like, well, great, you're selling everything.
  But we can't get it back in for six to eight weeks.
  You didn't fail.
  The lockdown, the breakdown of the economy, it succeeded in devastating us.
  That's why the T-shirts and book sales and film sales have got to make up for what we don't have, because we're not funded by George Soros and the globalists.
  X2, X3, experience clean Deep Earth Crystal Ionine today.
  They're about to sell out.
  Get them for yourself and get the other products while you're at it.
  Like Ultimate Crystal Oil 40% off and others.
  That's how we do it.
  But the whole reason I'm on air is special reports like this, baby.
  You're about to see right now.
  And you share this, you are beyond part of the resistance.
  You're the tip of the spear.
  Wait till you see this.
  If we get this out, it will defeat the globalists.
  They expect us to already be off the air by now.
  The ten stages of genocide, ladies and gentlemen, here it is.
  The word genocide was coined in 1944 by Raphael Lemkin.
  It is the first word in the English language to denote something that's been around for all of history.
  In France, it was known as populicide, and in Germany, as folk murdering.
  Genocide is the age-old action of wiping out large groups of the local population.
  Whether it be for economic reasons or non-compliance, genocide is always motivated by political power.
  The 10 Stages of Genocide is a model of the genocidal process.
  We can use this model to clearly demonstrate the level of genocide many of us are facing today.
  Stage 1.
  Classification.
  All cultures have categories to distinguish people into us and them.
  Whether it be ethnicity, race, religion, or nationality.
  Classification is seen everywhere.
  It seems to be an innate mechanism of the mind.
  And America has a great way of keeping this mechanism in check.
  E Pluribus Unum.
  Which is why America is such an obvious target of the emerging globalist society.
  And why we have been divided into two succinct groups.
  Patriots loyal to defending the U.S.
  Constitution and everyone else.
  Stage 2.
  Symbolization.
  Words such as Republican, Libertarian, and Oath Keepers have now been redefined to mean racist, domestic terrorists, and extremist.
  Symbolization makes the work of dividing the people much more efficient, and once divided, allows the compliant group to participate in the genocide against the patriots.
  Stage 3.
  Discrimination.
  The dominant group uses law, custom, and political power to deny the rights of the targeted group.
  Private multinational corporations have monopolized all social discourse on the internet and have been blatantly discriminating against patriot voices for years.
  We are also beginning to see signs of the coming discrimination against the so-called unvaccinated, who will soon be turned away for not having the official symbol on their mobile device, proving they are a member of the accepted group.
  Stage 4.
  Dehumanization.
  The compliant group is conditioned to deny the humanity of the group being marked for extermination.
  They are made to believe that patriotic Americans are ignorant, evil, and inherently racist, and that they would all be better off without them.
  Dehumanization overcomes the normal human aversion to murder.
  Stage 5.
  Organization.
  Genocide is always organized, usually by the state.
  And the emerging globalist society we are seeing today is highly organized.
  They control all of pop culture, the media, and big pharma.
  They are most likely the most organized tyranny in all of human history.
  Stage 6.
  Polarization.
  With the previous five stages in effect, the people are now ripe for complete polarization.
  Moderates are intimidated into silence, and it becomes accepted that the targeted group must go.
  The dominant group passes emergency laws, granting them power over the targeted group.
  Such as the National Strategy for Countering Domestic Terrorism.
  Now that the people have been conditioned to accept that patriotic Americans are now domestic terrorists, the stage is set for genocide.
  This is where we definitely are today.
  Stage 7 is preparation, when plans are made for the relocation, arrest, or extermination of the targeted group, which is most likely already happening.
  Stage 8 is persecution, when the targeted group begins getting arrested and separated from society.
  There are already hundreds of innocent patriotic Americans imprisoned indefinitely for protesting the stolen election of 2020.
  Stage 9 is extermination, when the mass killing begins.
  And stage 10 is denial.
  Denial is the glue that makes all of this possible.
  It is what has gotten us this far along this dark path so far.
  And it is the only thing that will carry it through to the end.
  There is no government or United Nations coming to save American patriots from this genocide.
  It will be up to the people alone to defeat this emerging global dystopia.
  For InfoWars.com, this is Greg Reese.
  The Information Ward.
  It's Alex Jones.
  Info Ward!
  We're pulling up on a relic of when we still had a border.
  An internal checkpoint.
  What is this, 30 miles off the border?
  Right.
  So a relic where they ask your U.S.
  citizen, are you got any contraband?
  I'm like, no, I'm not the Border Patrol.
  I don't complete the smuggling process.
  What the Biden administration is doing is they are actually completing the smuggling cycle.
  They're helping cartels make money hand over foot.
  I don't dislike the average Border Patrol agent, but now it's all vestigial.
  Like tits on a boar.
  There is no border.
  Here we go.
  They got the dogs and everything.
  Little doggies.
  Ask us.
  How you doing?
  How you doing, guys?
  Good.
  Anybody else back here?
  One person.
  One person back there.
  Nobody behind you, sir?
  No.
  Okay, alright.
  You guys U.S.
  citizens?
  Yes.
  We are not the Border Patrol.
  We are not smuggling any people.
  Hope not.
  We're not the Border Patrol.
  The Border Patrol smuggles them across and gives them to Catholic Charities.
  The Border Patrol smuggles them across?
  Damn right.
  We got all the video, man.
  No, we don't smuggle them across.
  Yep, you do.
  This is the stigil.
  It's for who?
  The stigil.
  What's the stigil?
  The stigil means like tits on a boar.
  Okay.
  Means the border's been gotten rid of, the whole U.N.
  program.
  Okay.
  You guys know about it?
  Yeah.
  We don't smuggle people, though.
  I would, in fact, make sure that there is, we immediately surge to the border.
  All those people are seeking asylum.
  They deserve to be heard.
  That's who we are.
  We don't smuggle people, though.
  I mean, this is like every 10 minutes now.
  So I'm wondering if they're picking them up at Donna and only picking up women and children.
  We don't smuggle people, though.
  So once they get to the destination city of their choice, they're free to go.
  They're free to go and the government will never find them again unless they want to be found.
  We don't smuggle people, though.
  The root cause are the messages coming from the Biden White House encouraging people to come, encouraging children.
  We don't smuggle people, though.
  What the Biden administration is doing is they are actually completing the smuggling cycle.
  They're helping cartels make money hand over foot.
  We don't smuggle people, though.
  You may not, but your comrades do.
  Take care.
  Do they smuggle people, Tim?
  Well, they definitely help with it.
  That's for sure, from what we've seen.
  And he seemed like a nice guy.
  Wasn't trying to be a d***.
  But I did teach him about today's word, vestigial.
  Oh, no, no, no!
  I don't even know what this is!
  How did he get here?
  I just caught you, American.
  You visited Bandar Video.
  Oh, Mark Zuckerberg and others angry at you.
  Do what CNN says and do not visit Bandar Video, or I have to hurt you.
  Conflict.
  It comes from China.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones.
  All the leaves are brown.
  And the sky is grey.
  Sounds like angels are singing this song, doesn't it?
  Let's listen to it a few more minutes at it.
  And I got down on my knees.
  I wanna tell everybody that's scared of evil... ...something.
  You're not gonna escape... ...conflict.
  You're going to be tested.
  But the mere fact that you know good versus evil, the mere fact that your soul is scared of being separated from God, the mere fact that you reject evil, even though it overcomes you, means you're with God forever.
  And I want to be completely clear on that.
  We are so blessed to have InfoWars.
  We're so blessed to have this crew who's already been here 16 hours a day.
  And they're not complaining.
  They're not bitching.
  But we're exhausted.
  But we're here because we know there's something bigger in the universe.
  And there is an incredible assault happening.
  There are so many bad things that are unfolding, but that's okay, because there's always been evil in the universe, and there's good that opposes it, and the mere understanding that there is good versus evil, if you can understand that in your mind, you have grasped the totality of consciousness, which is the highest order of being in the universe.
  That is communion with God.
  And it's that understanding that you're part of something better.
  And the system is trying to steal your destiny.
  But it's gonna change the world.
  You think I want to attack that sack of garbage, Millie?
  Or that pathetic New World Order minion, Austin?
  Or Honoré?
  No!
  But no one challenges them!
  Everyone bows down because they've got a shiny uniform and kisses the ring.
  And it's my job to tell them that they are not God.
  They are pathetic sacks of filth that will be defeated.
  And that we do not bow down to them ever.
  We only bow to our God, King Jesus.
  Oh, and the Satanists tell you there is no God but their God.
  They tell you all day long, don't call on your God, your God's not real, because our God is real.
  And so I can talk about the nuts and bolts and the mechanisms in the system all day, and you can say, Jones, you're a devil!
  How do you give us advice?
  And I'm like, exactly.
  I've been there and I'm back, and I'm here to warn you.
  This is what you are going to decide right now.
  Because you look at me and you've got Christ eyes and you can see that I'm a devil.
  But have you looked in the mirror at yourself?
  We're all devils.
  We have choices to make to join God in eternity to cleanse us, to baptize us, to free us, to save us.
  That's why they stare at me and they say, Jones, you're of the devil.
  You're damn right.
  But my soul's pointed towards God forever, and I want to make it off this planet for eternity.
  I want to be with the Creator.
  I understand the vision.
  I've seen the vision.
  I know the vision.
  And everything they do is to attack that and to hurt the children and the innocents, to blind them so they're not connected to God.
  Here are some of these generals that are enemies of the Republic, and we'll come back.
  Death to America!
  We will take all the weapons!
  This country, in its 250 years history, has never had traitors as bad as Honore and Milley and Austin.
  These men, once they've been politically, culturally, economically, and using the criminal justice system defeated, will be known as the new definition of Benedict Arnold.
  They are the plague.
  They are a curse.
  And they are planning, in my view, false flag terror attacks here in America to cement their rollout against us.
  They're spoiling for a war.
  They're spoiling for a coup.
  They're spoiling to overthrow.
  And they're getting ready to carry out terror attacks, that is their handlers are, to be blamed on those of us that are loyal Americans in our opposition to the destruction of the country and the sellout of the nation.
  And they're all over television saying Trump questioning the election is an act of terror and he's going to be dealt with by the military.
  The government's going to kill this guy.
  And they're on channel saying we need to get members of Congress using the military.
  People sitting in Congress right now, people in and around the former president.
  And then General Milley and General Austin and General Honore get up there and click their heels and say, we want to slug out with the American people
  And every white person that doesn't salute us is a white supremacist enemy, and we're the Americans, and they're Hitler, and we're gonna get them!
  We're ready for war!
  Turn us loose!
  Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh!
  We're gonna get America!
  Death to America, says Milley!
  Death to America, says Austin!
  Death to America, says Henry!
  To chronicle the treason and anti-American activities of General Honore, Austin, and Milley, it would take years.
  Let us examine only one small data point.
  The gun confiscation that took place after the Katrina hurricane, where peaceful people, high and dry, under the orders of Honore, had their firearms stolen and taken from them, never to be returned.
  The police and National Guard going street by street,
  House to house, sometimes entering open houses with guns drawn and instructions to disarm anyone inside.
  You say guns will be taken?
  No one will be able to be armed.
  We will take all weapons.
  And now Honoré is organizing the national response for the Democratic Party for gun confiscation.
  That happened today in this wealthy neighborhood where homeowners had armed themselves to protect their mansions.
  Residents were handcuffed on the ground.
  In the end, police took their weapons, but let them stay in their homes.
  For many of the police and guard troops, it is an uncomfortable job to do this in an American city.
  This guard unit occupied a church, using it as a base camp.
  All of a sudden, they were banging on the front door, the side door, and the back door, and they said, let us in.
  I said, is that even loaded?
  I really thought they were going to kill me.
  They took them.
  And they didn't have a right to take them.
  They didn't have a reason to take them.
  You never expect to do this in your own country.
  Chris Montgomery says he'd rather be in Iraq than patrolling American neighborhoods.
  Walking up and down these streets, you don't want to think about the stuff that you're going to have to do.
  Somebody pops around the corner, and they shoot an American.
  You know where the CIA tunes in, right?
  You know where the Russians tune in?
  You know where everybody tunes in, right?
  You know who Tucker Carlson tunes in to?
  And Joe Rogan?
  Elon Musk?
  You know where they tune in, right?
  They tune in right here!
  InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's news.
  Today.
  I've got a proposal for viewers and listeners that is one of the most important proposals you'll ever get in your life.
  I know how good it works because I finally listened to Dr. Edward Group seven, eight years ago.
  When he said to me, Alex, you're exercising a lot, but you're overweight.
  You probably have a deficiency in high quality iodine.
  Most iodine is bound into the soil or into the food.
  You're not absorbing it.
  Most people have iodine deficiencies.
  He showed me articles where the UN admits that 2 billion plus people have cognitive disabilities and lower IQ because of low iodine in utero and after they were born and as adults.
  And so I finally started taking Deep Earth Crystal Iodine, but he was the only guy to ever actually go out and find an oil company that was digging it out of the ground at 7,000 to 12,000 feet, versus most folks getting it out of seaweed, which still has some good effects, but not as good as what he had.
  Well, we have it today, and that's Survival Shield X2.
  Survival Shield X2 is the Deep Earth Crystal Iodine.
  It's 100% Deep Earth Crystal True Nascent Iodine.
  But then we developed, working with other scientists, X3.
  Now, I'm not saying X2 is better than X3.
  They're apples and oranges.
  And we have X2 at 50% off in stock with free shipping right now, part of our 4th of July Super Sale.
  But I was able to get in a bigger order of X3 because it's become a big seller over the years.
  It's got the Deep Earth Crystal Iodine with two other types of clean, good iodine that are better for some people than just one type of iodine.
  Some people can't absorb the pure iodine, the atomic iodine, and they need the other types of naturally occurring iodine.
  This has all three, so it's apples and it's oranges.
  It's not, is an apple better or is an orange better?
  Or is a potato better or a tomato better?
  Or are black grapes better than green grapes?
  Or is this type of squash better than that squash?
  Two different things, ladies and gentlemen.
  I'd liken it to regular yellow gold being gold, and you have white gold.
  It's gold, it's just silver-looking.
  I mean, it's very similar, but it's two different things at the molecular level, and that's just my goofy way of breaking it down.
  So, I want to challenge listeners, and I want to challenge viewers to support the broadcast.
  Hell, go to infowarestore.com, right in the middle section right there.
  You can become a sponsor and make a one-time gift of $10, $50, $100 to fund us.
  That way, after credit card fees and stuff, we get about 95% of it to actually fund
  What we're doing, if you make a $5 donation, we get over $4 of it.
  With the products, we only get a fraction of that, because obviously we gotta pay for the shipping, and the handling, and the crew, and the infrastructure, and the cost of the product.
  So, what I'm saying is, we can't do this without you, and we've got really, really, really great products that will empower you and your family at the very same time.
  And those are X2 and X3.
  If you don't know about the bad halogens, fluoride, bromide, chlorine, there's a whole list of them,
  They hurt you, they give you cancer, they take over your thyroid, they take over your hypothalamus, they attack your organs.
  And if your body doesn't have iodine, it will absorb the bad halogens that Big Brother and the New World Order make sure in everything we do.
  In all these products, in all the plastics, in the water.
  So, the good part about having this iodine is it blocks those and pulls those out of the body.
  So, for adults, for children, for everybody, you need these iodine products, X2 and X3, 50 and 60% off, respectively, with free shipping, double Patriot points, through July 4th, and your purchase funds the operation.
  So, don't procrastinate.
  Go to InfoWarsStore.com now and order X2 and X3 and some of the other great products.
  Thank you all for your support.
  InfoWars!
  Rallying patriots worldwide in defense of human liberty.
  It's Alex Jones.
  So we look at the arrogance of Hollywood.
  We look at the arrogance of the royalty of the world.
  Whether they be the British royalty, the Saudi Arabians, it doesn't matter who.
  And it all is folly.
  There's that footage of the Queen of England a month ago when she was carving up a cake and she's got the sword out all acting like a dementia ridden old woman.
  All her money, all her titles, all her powers, everything she supposedly is now being brought down low.
  And in death, she will be equalized.
  She will join all the other humans, the 30, 40, 50 billion on this planet alone that came before us.
  She will meet reality.
  Like her husband.
  Like her father.
  Like her degenerate son, Brooks Charles.
  A pedophile maggot.
  Their arrogance, and their disdain, and their wanted will, with all the festooned monkeys around them to kiss their wart-covered arses, will all be blown away into oblivion.
  You know, I saw footage out of Canada
  Of the statue of Queen Elizabeth II being torn down yesterday.
  And the statue of her mother, the Queen Mother, being defaced in your own commonwealth.
  As your own minions.
  And your own establishment president.
  And as the police.
  Come and try to block citizens that tried to stop it.
  Even though, just out of safety, a giant multi-thousand pound iron casting falling down can kill you, the police understood the one message of the media and the culture and the system was tear down Queen Elizabeth.
  Tear down Queen Elizabeth II.
  Empty no-ones.
  Ceremonial.
  Vestigial jokes.
  So busy destroying the own power structure that put them in charge that they've now destroyed themselves.
  They are the plague.
  Queen Elizabeth II is a rotting brain.
  A prion-infested mad cow!
  But as dead as she is, she is alive compared to CNN and Hollywood and Xi Jinping.
  They're all undead filth!
  And what does the undead want?
  It wants to take us with it.
  It wants to grab us as it falls into the pit and take us with it.
  So whether you got white skin, or brown skin, or red skin, or pink skin, you got red blood.
  And I ask you now, do you love human life?
  And do you love justice?
  And do you love freedom?
  Or do you love Xi Jinping?
  And Queen Elizabeth II.
  And Joe Biden.
  And all these dead carcasses.
  These arrogant scum celebrating 100 years of authoritarianism, 100 years of crushing the human spirit, 100 years in China of the elites of the West empowering them to dominate and enslave their own people.
  I ask you, which side are you on?
  Because anyone that seeks to dominate the individual, anyone that seeks to destroy free will, is not of God, but is of Satan.
  And it's not Satanism and Communism that creates the classical architecture and creates the medicine and the science and the art and the literature and the music.
  It is the free soul of humanity, that flamethrower, that fountain, that progenitive arc, that spike, that empowers.
  And brings light to the universe.
  And so we just saw Xi Jinping reveling in his disgusting power trip.
  Declaring war on Taiwan.
  Declaring war on Hong Kong.
  And declaring war on America.
  They will crush our head.
  They will step on us like a snake.
  They will rule over us.
  Only could we be in such a servile position by choice.
  By our own action, have we willed ourselves and our future generations to the most disgusting forms of degradation and embarrassment by submitting
  And I ask you now, when is the white flag enough?
  Your death sheet, your shroud.
  When is that shroud enough to fulfill you and your family?
  When is bowing your knee to every authoritarian joke giving you succor, giving you fulfillment?
  And the answer is, it is not.
  All of those that have joined Satanism and all its corrupt devices are empty.
  And they always seek to pull down those who have not joined them in oblivion.
  And so, on this special July 4th transmission, before Judge Joe Brown joins us, I thought I would talk about the basic archetypes, the forms of energy in this universe.
  And the decisions you have to make in the rest of your consciousness about what side you're on.
  Because we can debate these systems all day long, but we know the Democratic Party.
  We know the Communist Party.
  We know Hollywood.
  We know the left.
  We know all of their systems bring us nothing but enslavement and disempowerment and all these powerful authoritarian forces that have ruled their own hellish corners of the planet.
  Then come to America with its history of basic empowerment and freedom and declare our sins against humanity and our crimes and say if we will simply turn over our will to them and give them control of our
  Minds and submit to their tyranny that somehow they will enlighten us and they will empower us.
  It is because we have a conscience.
  It is because we want to do good that we're even able to hear these demons sticking their filthy tongues in our ears to tell us
  That we've committed some crime, and if we simply prostrate ourselves before them, we will be empowered.
  We will not be empowered by bowing to these lesser men who have served the devil.
  We will be enslaved, and we will be forced to carry out the pedophilia and the Satanism and the rituals of human degradation that Satan wishes to
  Mutilating to vandalize God's destiny and plan for this entire planet that is nothing more than a seed in a greater, larger potential with all of our art and all of our culture and all of our literature to expand out like a flamethrower into the universe, lighting the galaxy and the future stars with fire of beauty.
  That's what they fear is our strength.
  And they want us to give up our birthright and bow to the serpent as if that will empower us, as if submission will give us Fahala.
  Only war against tyranny will fulfill us.
  Only conflict against Satan will bring us to the next level.
  InfoWars has proven that we know what we're talking about and that we are a major game-changing organization for a pro-human future.
  And I really appreciate the listeners in the last 27 years that have helped me stay on the air.
  But now more than ever, being one of the only independent media organizations on the planet that actually understands what we're facing.
  And now as our prominence and now as people's respect for us really grows to all-time highs, it's more important now than ever that we stay on air to continue to challenge the globalist plague.
  Our mission now is more important than ever.
  Our importance is more central than ever, and that means your importance, and the guests, and the family that is in full war.
  So, I want to thank the listeners for their support and their prayers.
  But because of the lockdowns of the last year and the supply chain breakdowns, because we sell high-quality supplements as one of our main funding mechanisms, we're unable to get a lot of these products in.
  So, we've got to substitute some of those sales with t-shirt sales, and water filter sales, and durable food sales.
  T-shirts are all things that spread the word and wake people up in the case of t-shirts or that make your water healthy and better for you and your family.
  We have the highest rated gravity-fed filters and it's durable food.
  Everybody needs that with the inflation and the lockdowns and globalism.
  These are all no-brainers.
  We go out and bring you the very, very best and then we hope you'll get it from us so we can stay on air.
  So please, so we can go to the border, and so we can go to all of the country and all the world and cover Bilderberg Grove.
  And I want to go cover Bohemian Grove again this year.
  So we can do that, I need you to be our sponsor and support us.
  And you do that by going to infowarstore.com or by calling 888-253-3139.
  If you go to the front page of InfoWarsTore.com, right there in the middle, you can see where it says, Become a Sponsor, because that's what it is.
  Give a gift, a one-time gift, sign up for recurring gifts, $5, $10, $20, $100 a month.
  We really need that, because that is 95% of the money coming in from a donation actually funds us, instead of a product where maybe we make 30, 40% on it, when it's on sale sometimes, even less.
  We bring in tens of millions of dollars.
  We only have millions to operate with.
  We're running our own infrastructure, our own crews, our own reporters, our own legal.
  Facing a globalist attack, we can't do it without you.
  So right now, we're running the yearly 4th of July super sale right now.
  Storewide free shipping, double Patriot points.
  And many of our best-selling items, 40 to 60% off.
  Pollen Block, back in stock, 40% off for seasonal discomfort.
  Survival Shield X2, back in stock, 50% off.
  Deep Breath Crystal, so good for your whole body, your libido, your immune system.
  Super Mel Vitality and Fuel Vitality, that's discounted massively.
  Survival Shield X3, 60% off.
  BioTruth Selenium, 50% off.
  Ultimate Krill Oil, 40% off.
  All water filtration systems, 10% off.
  And instead of going up in price, they're cutting 10%.
  They're only doing this two more times this year, in July and again in November before Christmas.
  And then MyPatriot has to go up in prices.
  We have their whole catalog for an additional 10% off at InfoWarsTore.com.
  Nobody has a deal even near that.
  So get your privacy pockets for your cell phone.
  Get your books.
  Get your films.
  Get your non-GMO heirloom seeds.
  Get your shortwave radios.
  Whatever you do, shop with InfoWarsTore.com.
  And help not just keep us on air, but I want to expand.
  And we can't do it without you.
  So please, help keep us in the black.
  Help keep us out at the tip of the spear.
  Because when you finance us, it's like buying war bonds.
  You literally are funding the organization that Brian Stelter and George Soros and others completely hate.
  So please, keep us on air.
  InfoWareStore.com.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones.
  We are on the march.
  Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God.
  It's Alex Jones.
  We are on the march.
  The empire is on the run.
  Man, I got a lot of important clips here to play.
  I got Judge Joe Brown coming up.
  Here tonight, I've got a lot of Jeffrey Epstein news.
  That I want to hit as the entire deep state pedophile ring system basically falls apart.
  But I'm just going to say this right now here on air while I'm still on air, because who knows if tomorrow, the next day or next month, I'll be on air.
  It's been one hell of a run.
  You know, on Friday, I closed out the show saying, I love you all.
  I don't know if I'll be here next week because that's how bleak the situation is.
  But as bad as the situation is, we've still got a fighting chance because we're aware of the globalist operation.
  I mean, listen, if you're a new listener, I hope you go back and read books I wrote or watch films I made 20 years ago.
  I mean, it came true exactly like we said.
  And I'm going to say this for the 10,000th time probably.
  Do you understand that I don't get the credit for that?
  They write these damn white papers.
  I showed you one yesterday where they said, we're creating global government and the goal is to end human civilization and get rid of humans.
  From the Davos Group.
  Like, oh, who cares what they say?
  They run the damn Fortune 500!
  We got people literally declaring war on our asses.
  And I go around the average man and he's like, I don't care.
  Because they feel like they're part of the establishment.
  And it pisses me off.
  A lot.
  Because these individuals are stealing our destiny.
  We're not just supposed to watch ESPN as men and let other people tell us what to do.
  We're supposed to have ideas and to debate them and have competitions about our ideas and the best idea goes to the front and that advances our species.
  That's how we got the jet airplanes.
  It's how we got the penicillin.
  It's how we got the electricity.
  It's how I got my wives pregnant and produced four new humans.
  I wasn't sitting around, sucking my thumb, being a victim.
  It was being a human!
  And I've got a lot of other stuff I want to do.
  I've seen the next level.
  And let me tell you something.
  When you see something completely new, you can't even understand it.
  Until a lot of years go by, and now I see stuff I saw in my dreams 20 years ago.
  Now I know exactly what it is.
  And the new stuff I've seen, I'm trying to figure it out right now.
  But let me tell you something.
  I'm gonna lay something big on you right now.
  People serving Satan don't get none of that.
  They think they kill their dog or screw their kid.
  Gives them some big knowledge.
  You're losers.
  Only thing you do, killing your dog, or killing a homeless person, or screwing some kid, is separate yourself from a black hole in reverse.
  See, God isn't a black hole that sucks you in and destroys you.
  God's the opposite.
  God's the other end of that black hole, spewing reality and power and beauty and judgment and honor and will and strength and goodness.
  And we just reject it.
  This big flower God gave us.
  You want power?
  You want the future?
  You want consciousness?
  You want children?
  You want will?
  You want to live forever?
  I'll give it to you!
  I'll give you everything!
  We say no.
  We'd rather kidnap a kid out of their backyard and rape him.
  Because they're scared.
  Satanists cannot even imagine the consciousness of God.
  They're scared of it and they run from it because they don't want that power.
  Because you know what comes with power?
  Responsibility.
  And with power comes loving your children, and loving your country, and loving your planet, and loving your galaxy, and loving your universe, and loving God!
  And these people want to be in rebellion against that FOREVER!
  So I'll tell you again.
  You're better while you've still got consciousness.
  Before this whole planet's wiped away, it's a test.
  Decide which side you're on.
  And I'm not going to tell you some rosary you read, or some Bible verse you say, or some preacher's ass you kiss.
  I'm not going to tell you the way out of this, except telling you that Satan is not the way.
  And arrogance is not the way.
  But there's a fight for your soul.
  There's a war for your mind.
  Which is the gateway to your eternal being, which is as real as this table right here and a lot realer.
  It's as real as this face I just slapped.
  It's as real as these eyes looking out at you.
  Here's the eyes of the gateway of the soul.
  So I'm just here, and I know that, to tell you, one more time, God loves you,
  And God wants you to make the right decision and reject Satan.
  But if you don't do it, remember, God's just.
  And for eternity, you're going to be cut off.
  And I don't take any pleasure in that, neither does God.
  But God respects you so much.
  God had the will to make you, and loved you, and formed you in your mother's womb, and knew you before that, and God doesn't want to see you destroyed.
  But God respects you and gave you free will.
  So I'll ask you again.
  You're gonna reject that?
  Because you are a real sentient being with the potential to gaze into the eternity, to face reality, to know the mind of God, to interface with God, to be able to teach others and build and construct and empower and edify unlimited groups!
  And if you turn your back on that now,
  You have damned yourself to separation from God.
  Can you imagine separation from light itself?
  Can you imagine the commitment to destroy your connection, to use your will, to cut off your umbilical cord, and to fall into a sea of entities in unlimited time and space?
  That chose to separate themselves from God.
  That is the ultimate nightmare.
  A horror I cannot even imagine.
  And I have seen it.
  It's real.
  These atheists and satanists, that's what they are, too.
  Oh, there's no God, there's no spirit.
  Oh, there's nothing going on.
  You're just on a planet hurtling through space around a sun in a galaxy in the universe.
  There's nothing going on, kids!
  Anything we imagine a hundred years ago, we end up making.
  We're nobody.
  You're nobody.
  You don't make money.
  You're not cool on TV.
  Commit suicide.
  Even though you can consciously interface with the universe, and you are existing with conscious free will, which is the keys to destiny.
  All right, I want to thank this crew for coming in for this special Sunday transmission.
  And Judge Joe Brown, who I'm really impressed with, I've known him for many, many years, but he's an impressive person.
  He's going to be on with us in the next hour tonight!
  And I think you should respect the things he's going to say and do by sharing the live feed of the local radio station you're listening to, or the TV station you're watching, or
  InfoWars.com or FreeWorldNews.tv and just ask yourselves, why do they want this shut down so bad?
  Why do they want it silenced so bad?
  Because we're here reminding them there's still time.
  Still time to break off their deal with Satan and still time to reach out to God and God will reach down into that hell and pluck you out
  But you've got to do it before the gate is closed.
  And the gate is closing.
  Reject Satan.
  Join Christ.
  Evacuate now.
  We'll be right back.
  Stay with us.
  You're watching the American Journal with Harrison Smith.
  The Alex Jones Show.
  Also, we have the new free American shirt.
  Big beautiful American flag in camo, in navy blue, and in black.
  On the back it says InfoWars.com.
  This is very triggering to leftists.
  They hate this.
  They're going to have it at the Olympics.
  The new Olympic player, transgender U.S.
  Olympic BMX rider says his goals.
  It's now her, is to burn the U.S.
  flag on the Olympic podium.
  So, we need to champion the flag, and it funds the InfoWars.
  Everyone should get a free American shirt.
  On the back, it has the classic InfoWars square to help spread the word.
  So, InfoWars.com, and it has the big, beautiful American flag across the chest, and simply says, free American in camo, in navy blue, and in black.
  Ladies and gentlemen, they are trying to take our country over.
  They're trying to shut down the independent media.
  And here's the news.
  I can't get a lot of supplements, but I can get T-shirts.
  That's why it's Operation T-Shirt, and I'm just hoping that we can sell tens of thousands of t-shirts to fund this operation.
  Because it's 1776, these are high-quality shirts made in America, all the rest of it, and printed in America, so they're costing us like seven, eight, nine bucks apiece.
  I could buy crap shirts for like five dollars apiece.
  I could buy from China for two dollars apiece.
  I'm not doing it, so please get them.
  Infowarsstore.com today.
  Operation T-Shirt.
  Save Infowars.
  We'll be right back.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones.
  The wheels have completely come off the COVID-19 fraud.
  Why did they never have a vaccine for just the basic common cold?
  The coronavirus is the main cause of the common cold.
  If you're debilitated on the right amount of vitamins and minerals, it will go in, it will replicate, and you will get sick.
  That's known science.
  Well, because there's too many variants of it.
  There's hundreds of thousands a year.
  There's millions.
  I mean, they're always finding more and more and more.
  It's like fish in the sea.
  Influenza is a specific type of infection caused by a specific virus.
  So that's usually Influenza A or Influenza B virus.
  The cold, on the other hand, is caused by hundreds of different types of viruses.
  And it's our body's defenses that defeat that 99.999% of the time.
  Not taking a vaccine that is specifically for one variant.
  When viruses are constantly changing and their own medical science admits, when you take a vaccine like this, it causes your body to slough off things that basically are other variants of the virus.
  That's even Wall Street Journal.
  Well, here it is out of the VAERS reporting system.
  Reported deaths, COVID vaccines, more than the last 10 years combined.
  And they think about 1 in 40 is the real number, not 1 in 10, not 1 in 100.
  About 1 in 40 of these things get put down as COVID.
  So it's 40 times worse than that, 40 times
  5,888 dead.
  Oh, and now the FDA adds warning to COVID vaccine about risk of heart inflammation.
  No longer just saying, oh, it's rare.
  It's very common.
  And estimates are now out that you're 500 times more likely to die from a COVID vaccine than from COVID if you are young.
  Who urges fully vaccinated people to continue to wear masks as Delta COVID variant spreads?
  Oh, a variant of the cold virus.
  My goodness, we can't ever leave our houses again.
  People better wake up now, folks.
  BBC, Andrew Marr says he caught COVID after
  Getting the vaccine.
  I got coronavirus last week.
  I'd been double jabbed earlier in the spring and felt, if not king of the world, at least almost entirely immune.
  And yet I got it.
  Bill Maher, finally waking up.
  He's totally, absolutely getting it now.
  And saying, wait a minute.
  We've got Google and Facebook invested at the Wuhan lab.
  We've got them invested billions in these vaccines.
  And then they're involved?
  Covering up?
  That's criminal!
  Facebook banned any post for four months about COVID coming from a lab.
  A Wall Street Journal reporter asked the head of Google's health division, notice that they don't do autofill searches for coronavirus lab leak the way they do it for any other question.
  And the guy said, well, we want to make sure the search isn't leading people down pathways that we would find to be not authoritative information.
  Well, you were wrong, Google and Facebook.
  We don't know.
  The reason why we want you is because we're checking on this sh**.
  He said, we want to ensure the first thing users see is information from the CDC, the WHO.
  That's who I'm checking on.
  The WHO has been very corrupt about a lot of sh**.
  The CDC's been wrong about a lot of sh**.
  This is outrageous that I can't look this information up and now they're doing it with this drug Ivermectin.
  They threw Brett Weinstein off YouTube or almost.
  He's one strike away.
  YouTube should not be telling me what I can see about Ivermectin.
  Ivermectin isn't a registered Republican.
  It's a drug.
  They're obsessed with depopulation.
  It's their cult.
  So they paid to have the viruses found in the wild.
  They paid to have them spliced.
  Facebook and Google.
  Facebook and Google aren't just big tech companies.
  They are the tip of the New World Order attack system.
  They are the trillion pound gorilla on our back.
  Flawless victory.
  The 4th of July Super Sale starts now and at fullworthstore.com.
  You're watching the American Journal with Harrison Smith.
  The Alex Jones Show.
  This is the War Room with Owen Schreier.
  InfoWars, the most banned network in the world.
  July 4th, 2021 is now upon us.
  That means our yearly big sale is here.
  Storewide free shipping, Double Patriot Points starts right now and runs through July 4th.
  Survival Shield X3 Tri-Iodine, the good halogen, 60% off.
  BioTrue Selenium, essential for your whole body, 50% off.
  Ultimate Krill Oil, 40% off with the free shipping and Double Patriot Points.
  All water filtration systems are 10% off, and the list goes on and on.
  And while this sale runs, we're going to be adding new specials every day that are one-day specials alone, because we don't have enough supplies to keep them on sale.
  So the stuff I just listed is going to be on sale through July 4th, but every day visit InfoWarsTore.com because there's going to be new specials of select items with free shipping and double Patriot points up to 60% off at InfoWarsTore.com.
  The 4th of July Super Sale starts now at InfoWarStore.com.
  Crashing through the lies and disinformation, it's Alex Jones coming to you live from the front lines of the InfoWar.
  And we are back, ladies and gentlemen.
  Thank you so much for joining us on this special July 4th transmission.
  Judge Joe Brown, one of our most popular guests ever in studio a few weeks ago with us, is back on with us.
  We appreciate him coming on on our nation's holiday.
  I won't go over his whole amazing bio or the top TV host ever.
  Hey, boss.
  It's good.
  How you doing?
  I appreciate you.
  I know you're a hard-working man here on this weekend.
  Where should we start?
  What's the first thing you want to tackle?
  Because I've got a lot of questions, a lot of points I want to raise to get your expertise on, but what's the first thing front and center on your radar right now?
  JJBBQ.com.
  Judge Joe Brown BBQ.
  I didn't even know you were going to say that.
  I was already thinking about it.
  Dear, I felt you through the holes, by the way.
  Anyway, you can order it online.
  JJBBBQ.com.
  Judge Joe Brown BBQ.com.
  JJBBBQ.com.
  It's pretty good.
  We're going to be expanding it, but we thought we'd get something out online.
  People have been getting the product.
  Well, actually, I'm going to order some today.
  Wow, it's great to have you here with us.
  What do you make of the indictment of the Trump Organization?
  It looks like pretty weak charges.
  Even seen it in events.
  Weakest charges, like they let the son of the company head, when he was divorced, stay in a condo and use a company car.
  I mean, that doesn't sound like Al Capone stuff to me.
  What's your view?
  No, it doesn't sound like Al Capone stuff.
  It just sounds like W-I-T-C-H Hunt.
  Witch Hunt.
  See, Trump was very inconvenient to their narrative.
  And they have to get rid of him.
  They want to call him stupid, but he's not.
  He was just able to speak to the common man.
  It's called being a populist.
  I agree.
  Trump's crime was being a populist.
  I would think of you as a populist, myself as a populist.
  What do you think Trump should do with something like this?
  I think he's going to wind up pretty vindicated.
  It's kind of this thing where what is going on right now is certain people
  have run a 10k race and they're getting toward the finish so they think they're sprinting the last 100 meters of the 10k but they haven't got there yet and not having gotten there people are beginning to see what they're really doing and they don't like what they see.
  I agree with that statement.
  And it'll come out
  One of the things that's most depressing about what they're doing is such a transparent attack on the First Amendment.
  The First Amendment has never been something that's out there so people will not feel comfortable.
  It's about truth and free exchange of ideas, whether you like them or not.
  But they want everybody to get this, you know, entitlement culture thing.
  It's all about your feelings, not reality.
  Nobody's supposed to make you feel unconfident.
  That's not how the world works.
  Talk about, Judge Brown, what made you successful versus this victim mentality, because when you talk about that, that's what I see people like.
  They're in love with their victimhood, but then they never succeed because they're so into being a victim instead of overcoming adversity, which empowers us.
  I always looked at life as a potential adventure.
  And if you had something that was against you, that was adversity.
  And some people on the Serengeti call adversity Simba.
  But you don't see them hiding in hovels behind the village thorn fence.
  They send their 13-year-old boys out to kill Simba as a rite of passage.
  You see, that's just adversity.
  So we have to relearn what it is as a system, as a society, to deal with adversity.
  And be glad you've got a chance to deal with adversity, because otherwise, life can get kind of boring.
  So what you're saying is, it's like a blade is sharpened on a stone.
  The lion coming to eat people, instead of being victims, they go out and kill it, they get stronger.
  Yeah, and what they're all saying is, is you don't take away the warrior's spear because a slave might cut himself on the sharp edge.
  Wow.
  Is President Trump salvageable?
  I mean, if you were President Trump, I would go on the offensive.
  I was him.
  What would you do if you were President Trump right now with all these attacks?
  I would do the same thing.
  Go on offense.
  I think he's actually doing that, and he's got a lot of people who are fervent defenders.
  Not just in favor, but zealous defenders.
  And some people just do not get that.
  They, oh my God, we have our narrative.
  Why don't they believe our narrative?
  Because the narrative is bullshit, you know?
  Why don't they just accept the facts?
  Because they're not facts.
  The more you attack him and the more you can't deliver, the worse it gets.
  Like Nancy Pelosi, Nanny Pelosi I call her.
  She wants to find some Republicans to appoint to this commission that they want to set up
  That doesn't sound like a topic to be investigated.
  It sounds like a conclusion.
  For folks that aren't a judge or a lawyer like you.
  Explain to maybe Democrats that are watching.
  You don't say, we're having a trial about how you're evil and how you were convicted.
  I mean, when you say the name of the investigation is you're guilty, that shows it's bias, right?
  Well, let me give you an anecdote.
  The old time way, you'll get a fair trial before we hang you.
  Yeah.
  You know, like, what fair trial?
  You already have a conclusion.
  See, that's one thing they get bent out of shape about with what happened with Dr. Cosby.
  That's where I want to go next segment because... I told you when we had dinner.
  Well, I'll get into that, but I told you when we had dinner about that Fifth Amendment aspect of the matter.
  And lo and behold, that's what happened.
  But now they're saying, shocked Hollywood, nobody saw this coming.
  I'm sorry.
  Everybody I knew... Well that's why I called you and I appreciate you coming on.
  For those that don't know, we're about to go to break, but we were at dinner like a month ago when you were here and you brought up exactly that issue and said, as people go, oh, you know, you're defending... If the trials... Who came up with the saying, Judge, that it's better ten guilty men go free, one innocent man go to jail?
  It's an old tenet of American law.
  It is better that 100 guilty men go free than one innocent man spend a day in jail.
  Wow.
  Let's stop right there because we're going to go to break.
  Come back with Bill Cosby and get your expert analysis on the Pennsylvania railing.
  But let's go back to this because I am excited about you taking action and I want to order some.
  How do we get your new barbecue sauce?
  J.J.B.
  bbq.com.
  Judge Joe Brown, JJB, BBQ, bbq.com.
  Well, I'm sure it's going to be excellent.
  So I want to get with your distributors.
  I want to sell it at infowarestore.com.
  I'm not kidding.
  I want to sell I want to sell 10 million bottles.
  Yes, sir.
  We have more to come.
  Yes, sir.
  We're going to do it.
  All right.
  Let me tell you, this guy's awesome on air.
  He's even more awesome in a steakhouse.
  Three hours, my wife's there.
  They're turning the lights on the lead.
  My wife and my crew members like, let's keep listening to this.
  This guy's amazing.
  Judge Joe Brown.
  Brother Jones is one of those people that's cool to drink beer with or drink wine with.
  Yes, sir.
  All right.
  Let's come right back.
  Judge Joe Brown, she's a mountain, chops it down with the edge of his hand.
  We're going to talk about Bill Cosby and what just really happened.
  We'll be right back in a few minutes.
  Stay with us.
  Attention, projectionists.
  Adjust the lens so that your picture will be focused properly before the show starts.
  Watch the American Journal weekday mornings 8 to 11 central at band.video.
  The Alex Jones Show.
  Because there is a war on.
  For your mind.
  It's the war.
  It's on shore.
  Please stand by for further details.
  We return you now to your regularly scheduled program.
  Nascent sodium and potassium, three forms of pure elemental iodine that when together, fuse together to create what is called stable iodine.
  Now I'm not a chemist, I'm not a scientist, but years ago when X2 became our bestseller, we went to top developers and we said,
  How can we make an X3?
  And they said, well, some people can't absorb pure atomic nascent iodine.
  But if you add the other two types, it supercharges it and delivers it into the cells better.
  So I said, which one's better?
  They said, it's really apples and oranges.
  It depends on the person.
  So it's two different formulas.
  It's a great seller.
  People love it.
  I personally like it best.
  I get the best results for myself and my children.
  It's a different formula than X2 that's also amazing.
  And it's 50% off, then fullershore.com.
  Yes.
  That is the biggest deal we've ever offered in the history of this product because I want you to experience it and we're so proud of it.
  All of these things are essential, meaning if you do not have it, your body breaks down and you die.
  What a thought.
  It takes 3-4 days to die without water.
  It takes about a month or so to die without food on average.
  But what's in the food?
  Well, it's the vitamins, it's the minerals, it's the different elements our body has to have.
  One of the big ones is iodine.
  Check this out for yourself.
  Even Wikipedia links to UN reports that over 2 billion people on the face of the earth have lower IQs and other cognitive disabilities because of iodine deficiencies.
  Wherever you get iodine, get it.
  Sea salt has it.
  Fish has it.
  The problem is it's not strong in sea salt, and a lot of the stuff in fish is contaminated with mercury and other things.
  This doesn't have any of that.
  It's totally clean.
  It's tri-iodine, and I want you to have it.
  It's 60% off with free shipping, double Patriot points, despite the fact we're going to sell out of it.
  This is our big loss leader, and I want you to experience it and see what it does for you.
  On average, it took me and my family about two, three weeks.
  Yeah.
  We fund ourselves with book sales, t-shirt sales, and supplement sales at InfoWarsTore.com, so please take advantage of this sale today at InfoWarsTore.com.
  X3 Tri-Iodine, and the biggest sale in our history, also essential for your immune system.
  Look into IQ in iodine.
  Learn how it's the good halogen, the opposite of fluoride.
  Learn about the iodine conspiracy at InfoWarsTore.com.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order, it's Alex Jones!
  Well, I was a big fan of him back when he had the number one TV show, Way Ahead Oprah Winfrey, but it's just amazing to be friends with him now and have him here on air with us.
  He was on with us a month ago and exposed Joe Biden.
  He was a witness to what was already in the newspapers.
  The quotes saying horribly, just mean, beyond racist things, just really nasty stuff.
  It's hard to believe it was in the newspaper.
  He saw it happen, but
  He's here now with us to talk about the current state of the world.
  I always liked Bill Cosby growing up, watching Fat Albert and watching his TV shows and always thought he was a nice guy and he was pro-family, all the rest of it.
  And then we saw all these people line up and we saw the whole Me Too movement.
  And whatever you think about Bill Cosby,
  All I know is I've had people make stuff about me that I know is not true.
  The New York Times said that there was an employee with a goldfish.
  And then I walked up and grabbed the goldfish and ate the goldfish.
  Nobody ever had a goldfish in this office.
  The New York Times said, and the Daily Mail said, I wear swastika shoes.
  And they paid a former employee $10,000 to say it because it came out in an EEOC complaint against me.
  So, which we defeated by the way.
  But this is the level, so I'm a little bit...
  A little bit prejudiced, I guess, against what the mainstream media says.
  Unless I've seen it with my own eyeballs, I don't believe it, or someone I trust has seen it.
  So here's Bill Cosby, does his great job, pro-family, all this stuff, and then he gets sent off to prison, even though they admit that the prosecutors lied to him and did a bunch of corrupt stuff.
  So we go back to that, better a hundred guilty men go free, one innocent man go to prison.
  So now they're all panicking, they're freaking out about Bill Cosby.
  While they let Jeffrey Epstein, a pedophile, go, he later got, you know, grabbed, his neck broken.
  So, Judge Joe Brown, whether we think Bill Cosby's a saint, or a regular man, or a bad guy, whatever he is, what happened as a judge, as a lawyer, as an expert, that made Pennsylvania do this controversial thing, the Supreme Court knowing they'd be attacked for it?
  Because it's seen as controversial, but at dinner a month ago, you brought up that exact same point to me about how they'd made that agreement and broke it.
  Yes.
  We have law.
  Every human society on the planet has law.
  It's what distinguishes us from animals.
  We have law.
  And the American law has a sacrosanct vision, the Fifth Amendment.
  You have a right to be free from self-incrimination.
  You cannot be compelled to be a witness against yourself in a criminal proceeding.
  You can in a civil proceeding.
  So when this woman filed this complaint against Dr. Cosby, his lawyers properly brought up the Fifth Amendment.
  Well, the district attorney at the time
  Issued a report to the court.
  He said, we've investigated this matter thoroughly.
  The detectives have been on it.
  We find that the witnesses are not credible.
  The evidence is not convincing.
  Certainly not enough to generate a conviction beyond a reasonable doubt.
  Therefore, we declined to prosecute.
  So Mr. Cosby has nothing to worry about.
  Well, the civil judge then said, that being the case, you have to respond to this interrogatory and you have to give a deposition.
  Well, during the course of the deposition, Dr. Cosby did not admit any crime.
  He said, yes, I provided drugs.
  Yes, they wanted the drugs.
  Yes, they wanted drugs and sex.
  That was their objective.
  That's all he did.
  So,
  What happens is the new DA says, we're not bound by that agreement.
  We're going to bring it in anyway, now that we've tricked them into making these admissions, which weren't really admissions.
  So that was their case.
  And it was a weak case.
  And they even polluted it worse by trying to bring in one woman who had a complaint from 51 years before.
  And remember, even with all of this included in the mix, he was not convicted of rape.
  He was convicted of sexual battle.
  Translation, he squeezed the boot.
  And during the course of this trial, you heard testimony that Dr. Cosby provided essentially Benadryl.
  Now, every now and then, I go in and get some treatments from my doctor.
  And that includes getting a mainline intravenous dose of Benadryl.
  It doesn't get you high.
  And we've got a phenomenon.
  Back when all this was going on, we had groupies.
  Excuse my voice.
  Sex, drugs, and rock and roll.
  Sex, drugs, and basketball, baseball, football, rap, movies, TV, politics.
  And the groupies wanted the drugs, they wanted the celebrity sex.
  They got what they wanted.
  Years later, after failed careers at doing what they thought they might have been jump-starting, they want to complain about it.
  And then there are people who go around and start trying to convince them, it wasn't your fault that you made bad choices.
  It's somebody else's fault.
  But as far as that goes, that's just like you get drunk and you go kill somebody.
  You have a vehicular homicide, a DUI homicide.
  It's not the bartender's fault.
  That he served you what you asked for.
  Well, exactly.
  It's not like the Muslims saying, you're wearing a short skirt, you deserve to be raped.
  I don't agree with that far, but when a woman goes up to a hotel room with ten men in a poker game and admits she's getting drunk, and then later she goes, oh, I don't remember, somebody had sex with me, and then it's thirty years later, there's a statute of limitations.
  So how does she testify when she's going up to a hotel room with a bunch of men and she's a topless dancer?
  You know, it's not like she's a...
  Yeah, it's kind of like this.
  I went to some of those parties, too, back when I grew up in Los Angeles.
  So, you've got a Hollywood party, a celebrity party, and the groupie shows up, she takes her coat off, and she's see-through.
  No bra.
  Half hour later, her top's off, so she's topless.
  Then the bottoms come off.
  Maybe she's got on some thong panties.
  And then 10, 15 minutes later after that, she's naked but for a belt.
  You want to go to the restroom, but you can't because she's in there giving somebody a head job.
  Or you go to get something out of your coat pocket.
  You know how people lay their coats on the beds in the upstairs bedrooms?
  You can't do that because she's laying on top of your coat doing somebody or... And they come back over and over again.
  Well, you have statutes of limitations, right, Judge?
  Yeah, and it's like, okay, you went there.
  And you, how many people did you sleep with during or have sex with during this whole function?
  And then you went back three or four days later to another one and you did the whole thing.
  And then, a week before the Statute of Limitations runs, you want to talk about, well, I take it back, I was unduly intoxicated.
  Let's talk about why they targeted Dr. Bill Cosby when we come back with Dr... Okay, NBC.
  Oh, stay right there.
  Well, we got to go to break.
  Satellite break here.
  We're going to come back with Dr... We're talking about Dr. Bill Cosby, but also we're talking to Judge Joe Brown on the other side.
  Stay with us, please.
  I came up with this idea a few weeks ago, I guess about a month ago, but we had a snafu getting this because we've been using the same bumper sticker company for about 15 years and I had an idea of Rainstorm and I said, I want these bumper stickers made.
  I'm going to sell them at cost in a bumper sticker activist pack to get the word out.
  And here they are.
  Masks are for slaves and criminals.
  Infowars.com.
  Vaccines kill.
  Infowars.com.
  Alex Jones was right.
  Infowars.com.
  Freedom lives.
  Infowars.com.
  Arrest Fauci.
  Infowars.com.
  Arrest Bill Gates.
  Infowars.com.
  COVID-19 is a hoax.
  Infowars.com.
  Going into space!
  Mathematics!
  Quantum mechanics!
  The secrets of the universe!
  It's all there!
  Life is fiery with its beauty!
  Do you see this bumper sticker of your TV mirror?
  Notice it looks a little different, it's printed a little bit different.
  It's a front peeler, not a back peeler, and all the others aren't.
  And we always have high-quality stuff, so these stickers are better than this one.
  You notice that?
  We got a high-quality supplier with, you know, the best, thickest, best, stickiest ones that last the longest.
  Now, these are high-end bumper stickers.
  This is a piece of junk.
  But you know what?
  It has more value than all these because the place that did it just got my business.
  I'm gonna try to get them to upgrade their printing because they are for free speech.
  It went all the way to the owner of the company and
  And the company we've used for 15 years said we will not print masks are for slaves and criminals because they had the people in there on their floor wearing masks and they thought I was insulting them calling them slaves.
  Isn't that the perfect microcosm of Stockholm Syndrome?
  You're being enslaved by the UN, a global medical cartel, Fauci and Gates that want you dead on record.
  They're doing all of this, and then you see a bumper sticker.
  They told us about a third of their crew threatened to quit because they thought they were being called slaves because they were wearing masks.
  Well, you are a slave.
  You've been bullied into wearing a mask that doesn't protect you.
  It's a cult.
  You're muzzled.
  Hell, they've got laws against muzzling prisoners federally and at the state level.
  Unless they're spitting and biting people, you can't do that.
  There's laws you can't do it to people on death row.
  So I'm saying, masks are for criminals covering their face and slaves.
  They wouldn't print it.
  Oh, well, how about this then?
  What are champions made of?
  Here's a man who can show you.
AAA-253-3139, AAA-253-3139, AAA-253-3139 is the InfoWars store hotline! 
  InfoWarsStore.com is simply the best.
  InfoWarsStore.com beats out all the rest.
  888-253-3139, 888-253-3139, 888-253-3139 is the InfoWarsStore hotline.
  888-253-3139, 888-253-3139, 888-253-3139.
  That's InfoWarsStore.com.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones!
  Well, we're very honored here on this July 4th Sunday transmission, which I'm going to air clips of on tomorrow's weekday show, have Judge Joe Brown on, which to me is all just complete common sense.
  And I'm not somebody to play the race card, but there is a little bit of a fetish to, like, still go after black men that are successful or that outrun around with women.
  And they've also tried to expand on that.
  But with Bill Cosby, nobody said it.
  Till 30 years later.
  And then try to actually put them in prison through fraud.
  Well, we're all in danger.
  And I've experienced the system.
  I'm not some victim up here, but I've experienced when it wants you, it can tailor it any way you want.
  So let me ask Judge Joe Brown here about Dr. Cosby.
  What is the fallout of this?
  And what comes out of this now?
  Uh, where, where you've got Harvey Weinstein with hundreds of women and witnesses and things 50 times worse than Cosby, they're trying to conflate him with Cosby now.
  And I'm not defending, I'm not saying Cosby's perfect.
  I mean, nobody's perfect.
  You know, maybe bad judgment, trust in these women, all this stuff.
  But just big picture here, what are your reflections on where this is going?
  Because I want women to be empowered, but I also get what you were saying earlier about trying to set up famous people for money.
  Judge, I think you've got your mic muted.
  Let's just unmute yourself.
  There you go.
  My show started back in 1998.
  I was in my 50s.
  I wasn't new to the game.
  Big Ticket Television, the entity that had my show before Paramount got it, had a celebratory fit.
  I'm a bachelor.
  I'm looking at all these beautiful movie stars, soap opera and stars and such like.
  I'm having a good time.
  So I'm dancing with a lot of these pretty women.
  Well, I ran into another woman that I had known before all of this and we were sitting at a table.
  She later excused herself to go to the ladies room.
  She took kind of a long time coming back.
  So when she gets back to the table, she says, hey, do you know that guy over there?
  I said, yeah.
  She said, he just walked up and offered me $2,000 in cash if I would sign a note saying you tried to molest me.
  So she and I went around and got written statements from all the women that I could find.
  And they said they'd been made to sign off.
  Wow.
  So what wound up happening is a female publicist that I had hired, a beautiful woman, she and I wound up concocting a sting operation.
  We filed these affidavits with Human Resources about what we were going to do, and we invented a woman.
  Well, six weeks later, the fools fell for it, and they came up with a so-called sworn affidavit from this fictitional woman, alleging that I'd done to her what we set up in our scam, or sting.
  So I had to bring all of the affidavits over from Human Resources.
  It was embarrassing to them.
  And in six weeks, I was there for another 14 years and they were gone.
  But you see, that's how they roll in Hollywood.
  They're corrupt.
  They have an agenda.
  And that agenda is to emasculate America.
  Exactly, because whether you're black or you're white, if you're a powerful virile male, there's something about this Hollywood leftist nerd male that you talked about last time.
  They can be black, they can be white, they can be Asian.
  It's a nerd male that sees a powerful male and wants to get him destroyed.
  You started to talk about that.
  I didn't know this personal story about them.
  Was it because you were black or was it because women loved you?
  I mean, what was it?
  It was because I was straight.
  Also, because I was black.
  Not long after this little incident at this FET, there was a letter that went over to Human Resources again.
  They had a complaint.
  It said, we, the below sign, proud lesbians, there were 23 of them, reject and resent having to work with a straight black man.
  Straight black man.
  Wow.
  And one of the things is, I invited a guest to this particular lunch.
  Elvis Frida Payne.
  We used to date, the singer.
  And these fools actually got upset because I pulled the chair out at the table for my date to sit down.
  Wow.
  And they objected to that.
  They said that was demeaning to womanhood.
  They objected to the bass in my voice and how I looked everybody in the eye all of the time.
  Yeah, they were threatened by your virality.
  They were threatened by your power.
  Yeah, that's it.
  So they don't like that.
  So every time I showed up to tape for about the next 14 and a half years, hell, I had to deal with that every time.
  Just over and over again.
  Exactly.
  And it got to the point in later years, just stop.
  Everything stopped.
  Say, son of a bitches, you don't have the, you're not high enough on the food chain to fire me.
  Now those screw off and nothing happens until you straighten this act up.
  Well, that's the left though.
  They are so angry about heterosexual relationships.
  Strong men, strong women, strong families.
  And they even say it.
  You know, it's so disgusting to them.
  And I have a personal story.
  I'm not going to tell the whole story in the time we have left.
  I got invited like 20 years ago, he's dead now, a family friend that was a homosexual, who I'd grown up with and knew and wasn't against, he'd gone to church with us, we were nice to him, everything else, and he was, he invited us to his birthday party, and this was like 20 years ago, or 18 years ago, my son had been born.
  And when they heard I had a son, they said, that's disgusting, you have children.
  They all acted weird about it.
  I left that party with my ex-wife.
  And that doesn't sound normal to a normal person.
  But at this party, they were so upset.
  I was there with my wife and I had a child.
  To a normal person, you don't even get it.
  I don't get it either.
  But they're literally pissed at the normal human power of biology.
  You know what?
  50-some years ago when this stuff started, you had the lesbians that hated men.
  You had the feminists that hated that they weren't men.
  You had these weak, what we call beta boys now.
  They hated that they couldn't make it as men.
  You had the homosexuals who were scared of men, and that still didn't give the weight to the whole thing that they needed.
  What brought the weight in was the anti-war thing that said, war is a man thing.
  So the way to stop war is to change the way boys are raised to men.
  If you raised them like girls, so they emoted, they cried, they carried on and got all weepy.
  They wouldn't be uptight and under self-control and all of these tensions and hostilities wouldn't
  Build up to the point where there would be war.
  Oh, man, you got to get into this, man.
  We got to change the way the boys are raised to be a man.
  They got to be raised like girls, man.
  So they won't have war.
  So it'll be about love, you know.
  Well, when really they're just that they are men, they're just wimps.
  They want to use a structure to dominate other men.
  Yeah, so, see, they don't have personal charisma, which, by the way, is a bad thing.
  Hold on, hold on.
  Final segment.
  You've got a lot of mail.
  Judge Joe Brown, I'm interrupting.
  We've got to break as the satellites fire these damn breaks.
  Final segment.
  Judge Joe Brown ahead.
  He is hitting on all cylinders.
  What he's saying is absolutely true.
  Because I was young and the same stuff happened to me just because I was like super male.
  Be right back.
  This country and its 250 years history has never had traitors as bad as Honoré and Millie and Austin.
  These men, once they've been politically, culturally, economically, and using the criminal justice system defeated, will be known as the new definition of Benedict Arnold.
  They are the plague.
  They are a curse.
  And they are planning, in my view, false flag terror attacks here in America to cement their rollout against us.
  They're spoiling for a war.
  They're spoiling for a coup.
  They're spoiling to overthrow.
  And they're getting ready to carry out terror attacks, that is their handlers are, to be blamed on those of us that are loyal Americans in our opposition to the destruction of the country and the sellout of the nation.
  And they're all over television saying Trump questioning the election is an act of terror and he's got to be dealt with by the military.
  The government's going to kill this guy.
  And they're on channel saying we need to get members of Congress using the military.
  People sitting in Congress right now, people in and around the former president.
  And then General Milley and General Austin and General Honore get up there and click their heels and say, we want to slug out with the American people and every white person that doesn't salute us is a white supremacist enemy and we're the Americans and they're Hitler and we're gonna get them!
  We're ready for war!
  Turn us loose!
  We're gonna get America!
  Death to America, says Milley!
  Death to America, says Austin!
  Death to America, says Honore!
  To chronicle the treason and anti-American activities of General Honoré, Austin, and Milley, it would take years.
  Let us examine only one small data point.
  The gun confiscation that took place after the Katrina hurricane, where peaceful people, high and dry, under the orders of Honoré, had their firearms stolen and taken from them, never to be returned.
  The police and National Guard going street by street,
  House to house, sometimes entering open houses with guns drawn and instructions to disarm anyone inside.
  You said guns will be taken?
  No one will be able to be armed.
  We will take all weapons.
  And now Honoré is organizing the national response for the Democratic Party for gun confiscation.
  That happened today in this wealthy neighborhood where homeowners had armed themselves to protect their mansions.
  Residents were handcuffed on the ground.
  In the end, police took their weapons, but let them stay in their homes.
  For many of the police and guard troops, it is an uncomfortable job to do this in an American city.
  This guard unit occupied a church, using it as a base camp.
  All of a sudden, they were banging on the front door, the side door, and the back door, and they said, let us in.
  I said, it's not even loaded.
  I really thought they were going to kill me.
  They took them.
  And they didn't have a right to take them.
  They didn't have a reason to take them.
  You never expect to do this in your own country.
  Chris Montgomery says he'd rather be in Iraq than patrolling American neighborhoods.
  Walking up and down these streets, you don't want to think about the stuff you're going to have to do.
  Somebody pops around the corner, and you shoot an American.
  You know them by their fruits, as Christ said.
  A leopard never changes its spots.
  Here, in focus, is the treason of Honore against the Second Amendment and America.
  Info Wars!
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones!
  Well, ladies and gentlemen, Judge Joe Brown is a character.
  He is definitely one of a kind.
  And what he's hitting on, I've done my own scientific research, it's true, but he experienced it in Hollywood with a number one TV show and having all these weird beta male white people mess with him because he was dating beautiful women.
  And it wasn't because he was black, that's part of it, but it's also just because he was a man.
  And he was a leader.
  And they don't want men to be leaders.
  So who is the group?
  Because I wouldn't say they're Germans, they're Chinese, they're Jews, they're Muslims.
  No, it's weird men.
  He describes the groups that want to somehow cut out real men who would be the leaders regardless.
  So what is this war on men, this war on humanity, Judge Joe Brown, and how do we counter it?
  What do we do?
  It's a worldview.
  See, one of the tenets of this thing is that marriage is a form of slavery for women.
  And I heard this over and over again on UCLA's campus 55 years ago.
  And it's poised.
  It's a kind of weird view of the world.
  It's not normal.
  Now, I want to make a distinction in here.
  Homosexuality is the practitioner's business.
  He's got a right to do whatever he wants to do to get his freak on in the bedroom.
  But LGBTQIA plus is a cult.
  And some people are trying to make it the national religion or philosophy.
  And it has taken on political overtones.
  But for some misguided reason, they think they ought to be immune to commentary or pushback.
  They're not.
  But in the process, they're trying to destroy the First Amendment, so you can only speak what's comfortable for everybody, even if it's true.
  The Second Amendment, they're scared to death, and it's my opinion on that.
  If you don't have what it takes to defend yourself, you're not worth anybody else risking their lives to defend.
  The Fourth Amendment, unreasonable search and seizure they want to throw out when it comes to
  Yeah.
  That's what you were talking about Cosby.
  Linen on the table, candlelight, five stars, good wine, good food.
  Mood advances.
  You go for a walk in the park at springtime.
  My place is yours.
  You know, kissing and hugging and all of the stuff that goes on.
  And nature takes its course.
  Nature takes its course.
  Well, that's supposed to be felony rape by seduction.
  What they want is for you to call up and say, I want to get some tonight, dear.
  Let's go out, have a good dinner, get wine, and then that's screwed.
  Well, that's kind of dead to do it that way anyway.
  They're trying to demonize the whole sale.
  I mean, even crocodiles mate and kiss each other and roll around and go to dinner.
  Every species does it.
  They're attacking our very... Why are they so scared of the male and female interaction?
  Well, they hate what they are and they hate what they want to be.
  Uh, some of them hate men, some of them hate the fact that they're not men.
  See, there's always two types of homosexuals.
  Those that want to be the opposite sex and those that hate the opposite sex.
  Now, see, I guess homosexuals can act
  Master.
  There was Alexander the Great, Julius Caesar and such type.
  But you see, there's that other type that wants to be a flamer and prance around.
  And if you want a good exposition of it, Bruce Willis was in the movie.
  It was called The Fifth Elf.
  Yeah.
  You remember that movie and his little partner in the escapade, a certain black actor?
  Yeah.
  And the character that got paid where he was always screaming everything.
  Well, see, that's the other extreme.
  So with that kind of outlook on life,
  You resent these people that appear to be in charge of their own personal existence.
  You're supposed to be helpless.
  You're supposed to float around like a cork on the water with no free will because everything is beyond your control.
  Yeah, that one.
  That, if you want to see the contrast, this is a great movie.
  Well, there's no doubt they're assaulting masculinity.
  The system is so threatened by men.
  And how do we counter that, Judge Joe Brown?
  Well, it's a lie.
  And as even the Nazis knew, the best counter to a lie is the truth.
  And we just have to keep putting the truth out.
  We've got to make it lame and uncool to be acting the wrong way.
  And you just have to be embarrassed, you know?
  Hey man, I'm sorry.
  That's lame.
  That's not cool.
  What's the matter with you?
  You're not acting right, dude.
  Men don't act like this.
  Oh yeah, it is cool to be a man.
  And you see, you know where it gets to?
  Women and children and life go first.
  The Titanic is going down.
  It's dark.
  The water's freezing.
  You're a long way from anywhere.
  And yet you're going to say, ma'am, you take my seat in this lifeboat first.
  You and your child.
  See, that takes manhood.
  So we've got a lot of folks faking it.
  Exactly.
  People don't want the sacrifice comes with manhood.
  Yeah.
  And see the other thing?
  This is personal.
  I told you about this one too.
  I was at Lowe's Discount Hardware and some beautiful young lady said, Uncle Joe.
  I didn't recognize her at first.
  It was the last I'd seen her.
  She was 11 years old.
  But her grandfather always proudly told me about her.
  She had been taking martial arts and she got a scholarship.
  Well, an athletic scholarship to a major university for women's wrestling.
  See, that was part of what the feminists were complaining about.
  Boys get all these athletic scholarships and go to college for free, and the girls don't.
  Well, that's not fair.
  So, anyway, she's about 19.
  Her arm was in this cast, a shoulder cast with a strut going down to her waist to keep it rigidly...
  Unmoving.
  So I asked her what happened.
  This was before COVID-19 really hit.
  She said, well, Uncle Joe, we had this tournament and they told me I had to wrestle this boy.
  I said, no.
  And they said, well, if you don't, the team will forfeit and you'll lose your scholarship.
  So I had to wrestle this guy and they had another boy on this team and another one of my teammates had to wrestle him.
  She got three fractured ribs and a broken jaw.
  And I got a compound fracture of my arm, she was saying.
  And she was talking about how horrible it felt.
  And she had three operations, and she was saying it hurt so bad she had to take the pain medication.
  And if she did that, she couldn't stay awake to study.
  So she was just boo-hooing about how bad it was, and that's not fair to put a woman through that.
  What sick world do leftists want to say they're women and men beat up women and we call it good?
  This is like a hallucination.
  I think something's really wrong with them.
  I really do.
  And see, we have this sacred tenet.
  Boys are stronger than girls, so you never hit them.
  I saw something coming with that about twenty-six, seven years ago.
  When I was still a state judge, I was sitting on an advisory board for one of the local boards of education.
  So they wanted me to sit in on disciplinary proceedings against five male homeroom teachers who had told their boys that they were stronger than girls so they should never hit them.
  Well, these five sets of parents were offended because they said that was a slur on the girls to say that they were weaker than boys.
  Well, what I did to cut to the chase is I just said, look,
  I tell you what, you come down here last Thursday of the month and you watch me dealing with these appeals on my docket from lower court convictions for domestic violence.
  Tell me what you see.
  And this foolishness needs to stop because there's a real world out there and it doesn't match Walt Disney.
  That's right.
  Judge Joe Brown, we love you.
  Thank you for doing this Sunday special July 4th broadcast with you.
  We love you.
  And you got so many websites.
  What's the best website for folks to visit?
  At Judge Joe Brown TV.
  And I do not have a blue chick.
  That's on Twitter.
  One other thing.
  Monday.
  I'm celebrating the 53rd anniversary of my 21st birthday.
  Beautiful, sir.
  It's hard to believe that July 4th, 2021 is almost here.
  It's hard to believe that our country is literally fighting for its life.
  But for all the negative things that are happening, a lot of really positive things are happening as well.
  It's been said by many historians that things have to get really, really bad before they get better.
  And we're now reaching that point of return, that tipping point.
  Global government
  And its planetary depopulation plan is now out in the open.
  And people realize the time for fun and games is over.
  That's why I wanted to report to you, the listeners and viewers of this transmission, the good news today, as well as the bad news.
  I've been contacted in the last two weeks by some of the top people in international media and national news as well, as well as some of the folks at the highest levels of government, corporations, the private sector, you name it.
  And they've all told me the same thing.
  Alex, keep it up.
  You've been vindicated and we're having a major breakthrough thanks to your work.
  Well, I wanted the listeners to know that it's you that have allowed this to happen.
  You have been just as important as I've been.