It's Sunday, November 26th.
  The Communist China has seen the biggest protest since the CCP took over in 1949.
  Stay with us.
  InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's News Today.
  Humanity is awakening.
  Humanity is fighting back on every front.
  Out of all the great bright points of light resisting the darkness, there is none brighter than InfoWars.
  With our audience, our guests, our crew, our amazing hosts, I am so thankful and honored to be with you on this live broadcast.
  Thank you so much for joining us.
   This is the final countdown The clash between humanity and the globalist, transhumanist, planetary dictators.
  Their attempt to have a corporate takeover of the very biology and biosphere systems of the planet, including all human life.
  We are covering the most central, most important issues in the world.
  Thank you so much for joining us tonight.
  I'm gonna be live here for the next two hours, then Owen Schroyer comes in with Sunday Live.
  6 to 8 p.m.
  Central.
  We're always here Sunday 4 to 6 p.m.
  Central.
  We're doing this Sunday show for 15 years.
  4 to 6 p.m.
  and of course for over 25 years we've been here ladies and gentlemen from 11 a.m.
  to 3 p.m.
  Central weekdays with the vaunted Alex Jones Show.
  Okay.
  To say the wheels are coming off the whole globalist agenda is faltering at every level is an understatement.
  But before we all start celebrating, as the wolf says in Pulp Fiction, let's not all start taking care of each other yet.
  Let's not all start celebrating yet.
  Let's not start giving each other you-know-what's yet.
  Because the New World Order will strike back.
  And they're not going to give up until they've all been arrested and tried in Nuremberg 2 trials.
  And we'll give them abstention.
  We'll put them on a private island together without any children.
  They'll probably all kill themselves if they can't rape and abuse children.
  And by the way, we've got the whole scandal coming out with the major fashion company and all the open pedophilia there.
  They're not even denying it now.
  That's all coming up today.
  There is just so much.
   But on the vaccine front, It all ties into the global government, the global carbon tax, the global world ID, the medical ID, and China.
  In every major city and many of their towns, they've got the biggest cities on earth.
  Massive, massive demonstrations to being locked up now for more than a hundred days.
  Welded into their houses to starve to death with armed combat robots overseeing everything.
   And now many of the bunny suited Biomedical tyrants are now carrying machine guns.
  The whole thing is just exploding as they refuse to pay people at major Apple Foxconn factories.
  People have been welded into their houses and burned up in giant fires and the communists just let them die.
  They're building giant camps at rapid space all over the country.
  It has nothing to do with COVID.
  Nothing to do with protecting everybody.
  It's all about total martial law and communist China.
  Being the model of this entire takeover.
  So when we talk about Communist China, it is the Rosetta Stone.
   It is the blueprint For what globalist plan they have in store for us.
  There's even a controversy now in the Washington Post and CNN and others where many of the leftists are criticizing other leftists and other writers for being against the lockdowns and saying they're tyrannical because they want to bring all of that here.
  But a lot of people, even in the system, are going, OK, this is actually going to lock me and my family up in the future.
  I don't want to take these poison shots.
  I want to resist this.
  So even CNN and the Associated Press are now reporting on China's authoritarianism and admitting it's not about COVID for the first time in almost three years.
  They're admitting it's about power and control.
  So how far will humanity let the globalists take us before we finally come up for air?
  Well, it's really up to us, all of us, to understand that you can pretend you're part of the New World Order and go along with it, but you're just being a fool, a schmuck, an idiot.
  You're deluding yourself, because this thing will destroy you and your future.
   The only way To survive is to resist.
  Contained within the sale, you will find things like Brain Force Plus at 60% off or Brain Force Ultra at 50% off, each of which are a great way to try the next level in advanced neural activation.
  If your body is in need of a recharge or a boost, then our products Knockout, Alpha Power, and Bodies can help you get to sleep and ready to take on the next day.
  All of which can be found at a 50% discount.
  Perhaps you're in need of some vitamins your body is deficient in?
  Then check out Vitamin Mineral Fusion or the Vitamin D3 Gummies at a discount of 50%.
  Also, you'll find our Whole Food Multivitamins and Vitamin C with Zinc at 40% off.
  Fizzy Magnesium, a newer offering on the store, is discounted at 50% off.
  And one of the most powerful InfoWars Life offerings, DNA Force Plus, is also on sale at a 50% discount.
  On top of getting one of our best offers in the history of the InfoWars store, if you order now, we'll throw in one free item for every purchase, regardless of size.
  This will be the first and possibly last time we will include a free gift that could be anything from a koozie to a flag, a book, DVD, sunglasses, stickers, and even RFID protection.
  This is part of our appreciation to you for supporting the InfoWars.
  So when we say it's a 360 win, we're actually giving you a 180 on top of that, with a little something extra this time.
   Help launch this war on information to the next level by purchasing one or more of these high quality items at InfoWarsStore.com
  It's Sunday, November 27, 2022.
  You found me.
  You found it.
  A tip of the spear.
  You want to stop tyranny?
  Well, so does he.
  Live from the InfoWars.com studios, it's Alex Jones.
  All over the world, at the behest and at the designed blueprint of the United Nations, giant cupboard camps are being built from Australia to Canada, from the United States to Germany, building them to hold hundreds of millions of people.
   They tried to build camps for political dissidents openly, The public would awaken, rally, and we would overthrow the criminal governments that have seized control.
  But under the guise of COVID, the UN admitted two years ago, they're building the structure to arrest their political opposition when the global financial collapse takes place and the new central bank digital currencies are announced.
  Which the head of the European Union, Central Bank has announced, the head of the Federal Reserve has announced, the U.S., all the major heads have already announced in the last month that indeed the old global financial system, the old Ponzi scheme they had, is coming to an end.
  They're going to crash it all soon and offer you pennies on the dollar of your money back.
   But if you accept and go on to cashless on your cell phone with the Central Bank Digital Currency, you'll only lose part of your money.
  So you'll be incentivized.
  And then they can track everything you do, control what you can buy, control where you can go, track and control everything in their own words.
  That all fits into the Global Medical ID.
  And I've got countless clips out of the G20 and the UN and the Davos Group just this week.
  All announcing in the last seven days the official plan completely vindicating everything we warned you about decades ago from their own blueprints.
  But that's why they had to demonize us.
  That's why they had to lie about us.
  That's why they had to move heaven and earth to censor us and try to shut us down.
  Is because we've been directly over the target laying out the plans for their new world order.
  You will own nothing.
  You will have nothing.
  We will own your body.
  We will inject you with what we want.
  You will die and you will like it because you won't be alive anymore to complain.
  So let me hit the massive developments, the biggest since the late 1940s, when the Communist Chinese took over China.
  They already had most of China by 47, but by 49 they were in complete control of China, backed by Western elites.
  And these demonstrations dwarf what you saw in Tiananmen Square back in 1989.
  They're in every major city from the mainly populated east all the way to the sparsely populated west.
  90% of the Chinese population lives in the eastern half of their country, not the western half, but all over the nation.
  Millions of people per city have hit the streets and are overrunning the police and the bunny-suited medical tyranny operatives.
  Everybody knows it's not about COVID.
  It's not about protecting them.
  It is about locking them in their houses, putting them in camps, and training them for full, bore, absolute martial law.
  And you could ask, why are they doing that?
  Well, China's the model for the world.
  They have to show the world how to do it.
   But whether you're in, again, England or Canada or Australia or even the U.S., All the federal agencies of these countries have been building the same blueprinted giant camps.
  And they admitted in Australia and Canada last year and this year, oh, the UN says this will be for political dissidence when the Great Reset comes here.
  And suddenly, all over the world, the bunny-suited medical tyrants aren't just holding deadly injectors in their hands, they're now carrying machine guns.
  So the mask is the symbol of your slavery and the white bunny suits is the new uniform of the global U.N.
  stormtrooper.
  The U.N.
  was never going to show up in blue helmets and announce they were taking over.
  They were going to do it with the cover of a biomedical emergency.
  And how did I know that in 2011 and put out that viral video?
  It was viral then, but even more viral now.
  Hundreds of millions of views of the video, different permutations across the Internet in the last two years.
  From 12, 13 years ago, where I repeatedly warned on air that they were going to use a virus as the pretext for lockdowns and masks and quarantine camps and the pretext for a global financial reset and global digital currency rollout, because they had it 12 years ago.
  How did I know that?
  Did I look into a crystal ball on the side of the highway at a gypsy wagon?
  No.
  It's in Operation Lockstep 2011, Rockefeller Foundation, and it's in a bunch of their other documents that they were going to use this.
  So we've been waiting for this, we've been knowing it's going to happen, and then here we are making films, doing countless shows, having countless guests on, prestigious guests, former Chief War Crimes Prosecutor of the UN, the man that wrote the U.S.
  Biological and Chemical Weapons Law.
  The man that helped write the world's law telling you in February of 2020 exactly what would happen.
  We could play those interviews from almost three years ago.
  And it literally all came true because he's an expert.
  It's what he does.
  He's not on their side.
  He worked for them.
  One man a year gets a special PhD that was a big Nebraska first guy.
  Then Henry Kissinger got it.
  And many years later, what, 12 classes ahead of Kissinger, Dr. Francis Boyle got a special degree.
  He was the ultimate mole.
  And since then, since he graduated, he's been fighting them.
  So the whole point is, is that this is the reality of what we understand.
  Harvard runs the FTX.
  Harvard runs the digital currency.
  Harvard runs the pedophilia.
  Harvard runs the open borders.
  China sends all its top CCP people, over 200 of them, including Xi Jinping's daughter, go to Harvard.
  Harvard is the cancer.
  It is the heart of the emanation of the world government criminal operation.
  It didn't set it up.
  Cecil Rhodes, the British Empire did on record.
  He wrote books about his plan 130 years ago.
  At a country in Africa named after him.
  Look it up.
  But the point is, is that they are the ones that quarterback it and organize it.
  They've got spinoff groups and other organizations, but the heart of it is Harvard.
  Jeffrey Epstein, every one of these guys, ran Harvard operations.
  Harvard is the real mafia.
  But Hollywood has you think of Italians as mafia.
  Oh, only Italians have a mafia.
  The Italians mafia was a tinker toy compared to the space shuttle.
  Nothing against Italians, great people, but the idea that Italians are the organized criminals is a joke.
  What, running liquor and hookers?
  And gambling?
  Harvard runs the pedo ranks.
   Harvard runs the No.
  Harvard runs the Ponzi schemes.
  Harvard runs China and the Communists.
  Harvard runs the eugenics operation and the forced injection operation with the Rockefeller Foundation.
  So look it up, ladies and gentlemen.
  All the social credit scores, all the lockdowns, everything Xi Jinping's doing comes right out of Harvard.
   And that's why Harvard And the Washington Post and all these other globalist organizations are defending Xi Jinping and the lockdowns tonight.
  Over 100 million Chinese under lockdown.
  Basically no COVID.
  It's all made up under total complete martial law.
  It's all coming up next segment.
   But before I get to that, I wanted to hit this incredible stack I've got right here.
  In fact, we'll get to the China situation at the bottom of the hour.
  Next segment, I'm just going to hit all this because when I say the wheels are coming off, it's coming off big time.
   Joseph Mingala was questioned last week by the Attorney Generals of Louisiana and Missouri in a joint seven-hour, I'm sorry, not the Angel of Death, Not the guy that did forced medical stuff on people in Nazi Germany, the head of the Nazi secret medical program, because he was lightweight compared to Fauci.
  I just get them mixed up, I'm sorry.
  Dr. Anthony Fauci, not Joseph Mengele.
  That's like the little angel of death.
  The little A.D.
  Fauci may be short, but he's the big A.D.
  when it comes to mass scale, mass death, violations of the Nuremberg Law, medical tyranny.
  The little angel of death died a long time ago, World War II.
  The big angel of death, Anthony Fauci, was questioned.
  The little angel of death flying free.
  And he said he didn't remember anything he was involved in with COVID.
  He remembered nothing.
  First he had all the emails that the criminal did.
  So that's all coming up.
  We're going to hit the wheels coming off all the major studies, major governments coming out against the shots, and then they'll protect you and kill you.
  And then we're going to look at Klaus Schwab saying China and its lockdowns are the model for the world.
  We're going to look at China and their people battling back against tyranny on such a massive scale.
  Stay with us in full wars.com.
  I've got some good news and bad news.
  InfoWars is running the biggest sale of 2022 right now on our amazing products.
  Your chance to empower your body, your health, your immune system, and more, and keep us on the air, a win-win.
  The bad news is a bunch of our best-selling products have already sold out, and because of supply chain breakdowns, it'll be months and months until these great products come back in.
  X3 sold out.
   Our great American Coffee Blend has sold out.
  Biotricillinium has sold out.
  But what hasn't sold out is DNA Force Plus, Vitamin Mineral Fusion, Bobby's Ultimate Turmeric Formula, Whole Food Multivitamin, Brain Force Ultra, Super Mel Vitality, and so much more.
  So, you've only got a few weeks to get these products at the lowest price you're ever going to find them.
  Don't fight the crowds, don't fight the traffic, don't do all your Christmas shopping in a month like a fool.
  Do it now, get it all over with, get a great deal, and keep InfoWars on the air while empowering your body.
  info or store.com.
  
  So, here's the bottom line here on the Alex Jones Show.
  And if you let this burn into your brain, it'll save your life.
  If you don't listen to me, you're going to be in lockdown, too, very soon.
  And it's going to be a lot worse than the first one.
  And then after that, the big one comes.
  They're just testing, locking us down before they release the real bioweapons and actually kill billions.
  Now don't be dying in your house a year or two from now wishing you'd listen to me.
  This is all real.
  I'm telling you exactly what I know is going on.
  You don't need me to tell you.
  You can see it being prepared everywhere.
  So, Anthony Fauci, Joseph Mingala, Angel of Death, war criminal, 2.0, violating every national, international law you can imagine, lying about the shots, everything.
  He was deposed because it's come out in court documents and emails.
  And he was quarterbacking, we already told you this, but now it's admitted.
  With Big Tech, with the media, with everybody, through the UN.
  The UN said it's gone on national TV.
  We played it a month ago and said, yeah, we tell Big Tech and the media what to say and what to do and what's allowed to be said.
  Not just by people online or talk show hosts, but by their own employees.
   Like one NBC reporter locally reported what the police said that The wife of Pelosi, the husband of Pelosi, opened the door and let him in and they were both in underwear.
  He got suspended.
  Turns out it was true.
  He just reported what the cops told him.
  But he didn't take his orders.
  About John, the husband of Pelosi.
  John Pelosi.
  So that's how controlled this is, ladies and gentlemen.
  That's why they can't have us on air.
  They can't have anybody able to say anything that countermands or goes against the ridiculous narratives they're giving us.
  So Fauci is in a deposition over all this with two attorney generals.
  They combined them, Missouri and Louisiana.
  And here's the headline, Louisiana AG slams Fauci for not answering questions during deposition about his handling of COVID-19.
  AG Jeff Landry of Louisiana says, wow, it was amazing to spend seven hours with Dr. Fauci, the man who single-handedly wrecked the U.S.
  economy based upon the science, only discovered that he can't recall particularly anything dealing with his COVID response, and doesn't remember coordinating the media.
  To block treatments or to block news that any of it was a fraud.
  So that's a big deal.
  Let's move on from that.
  Pfizer's CEO who says I'm the quote most evil man on earth last week and that I'm quote an agent of evil has gotten a lot of trouble by regulators for making misleading statements about children and vaccines and saying they're safe and effective and protect you.
  That's the London Telegraph.
  They got an EU criminal investigation of him going right now.
  Another study finds heart inflammation higher among Moderna vaccinations versus Pfizer.
  Why?
  Because all the Moderna is, is the equivalent of four Pfizer shots.
  So it's four times stronger than Pfizer, the exact same injection.
  And of course, it's worse for you.
  Really didn't know that.
  I told you that two years ago.
  COVID-19 researcher blows the whistle on data integrity issues in Pfizer's vaccine.
  Robert Kennedy Jr., Robert Barnes are involved in the lawsuit.
  It's now confirmed that they covered up the deaths and illnesses in their study, but even their fixed study admitted more people died that had the shot than didn't have a shot.
  Huge, giant, major news.
   The British Medical Journal, that's what this is, has come out with a bunch of studies the last two weeks confirming That the vaccine isn't a vaccine, destroys your immune system, causes all sorts of blood clots, creates nanotech, basically prions.
  That's what causes mad cow disease in the body.
  It goes on and on.
  That's the British Medical Journal.
  I got literally like 50 of these.
  I can't go over them all.
  Operation Lockstep doubles down.
  That's a powerful John Bowne report on their new lockdown plans coming out to bring in the whole global digital currency control grid.
  That's coming up last segment.
  You know what?
  Actually, next segment, I'm going to hit the China rebellion that's going on.
  It's so huge.
  In the last segment of this hour, I'm going to hit this and so much more.
  As an oncologist, I'm seeing people with stable cancer rapidly progress after being forced to have a booster.
  We have a year-and-a-half-old study by Germany's top cancer research institute, based at their biggest university, where the director of the institute had cancer in remission, lymphoma, took the shot, it came back really bad, took the next shot, killed him in two weeks.
  Before he died, he wrote a study how it killed him.
  But this is another oncologist.
  I mean, there's just literally hundreds of studies that this thing grows cancer.
  But that's okay.
  Another big report.
  It goes along with the John Bowne Report and Gregory's Report.
  It's up on Bandot Video.
  Canadian Psychiatric Association triggers anti-vaxxers.
  Canadian Psychiatric Association targets anti-vaxxers.
  They all need to be arrested.
  There's no problem.
  The shots work.
  Anybody questioning it should be locked up in a mental institution, even though the facts are all in.
  Medical Journal claims anti-vaxxers cause deadly clots in vaccinated people by scaring them about vaccine dangers.
  Yes, that's why the blood clots are exploding.
  It's psychosomatic.
  It's placebo.
  U.S.
  military biological activity is a threat to the world.
  Says Russia.
  And it goes on and on.
  SASC woman dies allegedly after COVID booster.
  Daughter in shock.
  But Buttigieg, the head of the Transportation Department, is back in the news.
   He says in this video clip I'm showing TV viewers, he says That it works 100% and protects you and you can't get sick if you have the shot.
  So they're back to the same lies of two years ago.
  Why not?
  They didn't get in trouble for it.
  Meanwhile, the former chief scientist at Pfizer, who retired a year before this all happened three years ago, three and a half years ago, has now looked at all the data and he says in early 2020 after the lockdowns, people were being admitted to hospital and dying in large numbers.
  I think they were being murdered.
  Then he goes over all the evidence.
   teens death three weeks after Pfizer vaccine triggers investigation.
   There's another headline even Washington Post admits that COVID is now a pandemic of the vaccinated.
   But don't worry they now have their new COVID-19 influenza A and B antigen test kit
  where it won't tell you have the flu or COVID.
  Remember, there was basically no flu worldwide during the first year of COVID because they were counting flu as COVID to scare people into the shot that actually causes COVID and makes your body actually grow the spike proteins that make you sick.
  But now the main antigen test counts flu as COVID and they tell you on the box it does.
  Fraud upon fraud upon fraud.
  Half a million UK workers drop out of workforce citing long-term illnesses.
  Most of them quote vaccinated.
  Now that's just one stack on the COVID.
  I've got three more.
  But when we come back, Klaus Schwab tells it all and says China is the model of the global government takeover and what they're about to set up.
  And we're going to look at the huge, massive demonstrations against dehumanization and mass death.
  People are locked up to 100 plus days starving to death inside these buildings who aren't even sick.
  Everybody knows the virus is only effective for like two weeks, but they don't care.
  It's all about a raw, crazy exercise of power.
  Why is Xi Jinping doing this?
  It started one month before he was declared dictator.
  It's all coming up.
  Stay with us.
  In the modern world, where they convince a woman to get a job, the man to get a job, they inflate the currency so nobody can exist any other way because it's too expensive.
  The parents are out working all day.
  The school and the internet and the matrix raise your children.
  Your children go to school all day and be told things that you may not want them to learn.
  Then they sit on the internet and read things and watch things you may not want them to watch.
  You talk to them for 10 minutes at the end of the day, they go to bed.
  You're fighting with your 10 minutes against endless hours of the most entertaining programming or the most forceful programming.
  In school, it's forceful.
  On the internet, it's entertaining.
  Convincing them of ideas that you perhaps don't agree with.
  I've seen it myself on YouTube.
  I've seen a guy in America driving his car and his kids were in the backseat and he was arguing with them about an issue and they was like, where did you hear that?
  School?
  He's like, why did the school tell you that?
  That's not true.
  And his own children are arguing with him because they learned it in school.
  Have you ever tried to take your children out of school?
  You'll get fined.
  You'll get in trouble.
  No, your kids have to go to school.
  You have to give your kids away to the school.
  If you don't give your kids away to the brainwashing, you'll get in trouble.
  As an all-star fighter, businessman, motivational speaker, and philanthropist, Andrew Tate has truly earned the title of Top G.
  But there's another title Andrew Tate holds that has enraged the globalists.
  He is consecutively the most googled man in the world in the last two years.
  And that's because his message is about human and specifically male empowerment.
  Now, Andrew Tate is taking his fight to empower and supercharge men to the next level.
  Introducing Top G Supplements.
  We are proud to introduce and sponsor the Top G line of supplements by Andrew Tate and his crew.
  Now you have the chance to benefit in body, mind, and soul with the same supplements that Andrew Tate takes himself.
  Learn more about these amazing products at AndrewTatePower.com.
  AndrewTatePower.com and discover the power of Andrew Tate's new supplements that are the highest quality on the market.
   I think there's a whole bunch of men in the world who understands my value and if men grow up to be like me, you're going to have a whole bunch of people with no criminal record, dedicated athletes, who protect and provide for the people close to them.
  
   Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order, it's Alex Jones.
   So, there is a world financial collapse designed to get rid of all the major currencies
   and bring in a global digital currency that is programmable and tracks what you buy,
   where you go, what you do, and that can turn your money off, turn it on, devalue it,
  increase its value, in their own words.
  They call it the Central Bank Digital Currency System, and as Tucker Carlson said Friday night, they get this in, it is game over.
  That clip is coming up next segment.
  But here's Klaus Schwab this week.
  This is a new clip.
  Saying that China should be the role model for the world.
  And that the Chinese model is the model.
  Now, how many times have you heard me call it the Chinese model?
  That comes from the Council on Foreign Relations, Harvard, and the Trilateral Commission.
  I've been reading that for 30 years.
  I've been working full-time on this 28 years, almost 29 years on air.
  Since the early 90s.
  And this is their plan.
  This is their program of total absolute control.
  Because once they get rid of the cash, you think they debank you now?
  You think they censor you now?
  You think they surveil you now?
  This is child's play compared to what they're going to be able to do.
  So here's Klaus Schwab with China's social credit score and all of it and their medical ID saying they're the model.
  Then we'll look at what's currently happening in China.
  So we have to define how the world should look like, which we want to come out of this transformation period.
  I respect China's achievements, which are tremendous over the last over 40 years.
  I think it's a role model for many countries.
  But I think also we should leave it to each country to make its own decision what system it wants to adopt.
  And I think we should be very careful in imposing systems.
  But the Chinese model is certainly a very attractive model for quite a number of countries.
  So Klaus Schwab is the former head of the Bilderberg Group.
  He's still on the steering committee.
  He set up the Davos Group, WEF, World Economic Forum, as the mouthpiece of it.
  And his minion, he says his favorite pupil, we've played the clip probably a hundred times, I'm going to play it again, is Justin Trudeau.
   And he explains that Trudeau is the model.
  They've penetrated the cabinets.
  Well, what did Trudeau say just two years ago?
  We put that clip over 200 times.
  I'm not going to play it again.
  He was asked by a group of preening women, what is your role model?
  And he said, communist China and Xi Jinping.
  A dictatorship.
  A basic dictatorship.
  They know how to get stuff done.
  That's the quote.
  Pretty amazing, right?
  Well, you just heard his mentor say China is the model.
  Now, do I need to tell you what China does?
  Human-animal cloning, tens of millions in death camps, forced organ harvesting, killing of Christians, forced abortions, one-child policy.
  I mean, it's a frickin' hellscape.
  You run over by a car, people just leave you dead on the road, maggots eat you.
  There's just skeletons on the side of the road, no one cares.
  Absolute satanic system.
  And now we've got the biggest demonstrations as humanity wakes up over there that they have had since the communists took over in the late 1940s.
   And our media for the last two plus years, almost three years, has been defending for 30 plus months what they're doing.
  But finally, we're seeing cracks in the facade.
  So radio listeners, I'm laying this out for TV viewers.
  Let's just roll some of the B-roll.
  But what really started this?
  Well, not just one fire.
  There have been fires in more than a dozen major Chinese cities in high-rises.
  Most of them live in high-rises, stacked one on top of another.
  And predominantly poor areas are the ones that get locked down.
  It's not for COVID.
  It's a test of control.
  And they've been locked down for over 100 days in one of their regional capital cities.
  Over 100 million have been locked down for over 100 days.
  And this fire last week baked everybody alive in the building, and the police would not let the firefighters through to save them.
   We have all the videos of them welding the doors shut, All the rest of it.
  Now again, almost no one's dying from the virus there.
  The virus was made there.
  The virus doesn't last more, doesn't incubate more than two weeks.
  Why would you be locked up in your house for a hundred days?
  Because it's all a giant, raw exercise of power.
  So we have these footage.
  Never comply.
  Pray for the persecuted in China, says Elijah Schaffer.
  We've got this video right here that just shows, and then they pull back, tens of thousands of white-suited thugs, covering their faces, attacking peaceful people that have refused to be locked down and just starve to death in their homes.
  And now, suddenly, the white-clad paramilitary, because the world saw the military locking people in their houses and doing this, and people said, that's terrible, China's bad, but oh, they're medical workers, it's okay, now they're carrying machine guns.
  And we have Dr. Ryan of the UN Global Emergency Response Unit two years ago saying, this is our pretext to arrest our political enemies, to take the children out and raise them separately.
  We need to get people used to having us come in their homes and break up their families.
  So that's what this is all about.
  What is China getting ready for?
  It wants to be locked down and in control because they've already crashed their real estate market.
  They've already crashed their currency.
  Now they're bringing out their central bank digital currency.
  Gold's being outlawed.
  No one's allowed to have their own business anymore that's small.
  They're going back under hardcore communism.
  So they're getting them used to being locked down and in martial law ahead of the collapse.
   And that's what the last two plus years of beta testing Has been about is getting you ready for the communist Chinese model where you drive down the road, small roads, big roads, highways, and drones fly over with a QR code.
  You've got to get out and scan and it tells you pull over to the side.
  You're taken away and if you're political dissident, you never come back.
  People say, where did Chin go?
  Or where did Bob go?
  No one knows.
  It's all a cover for the martial law worldwide run by the United Nations.
  And then we can show you these camps.
  Some of these camps hold 200,000 people.
  They've built hundreds and hundreds and hundreds in China.
  They're building them all over the world with the same specs and the same designs everywhere.
  Getting you ready for the control.
  All directed by the U.N., all centralized.
  We have incredible footage of what happens once you obey and live in these things, how they bring you food once a day.
  But that's the lucky ones that get locked up in the camps.
  The rest of the people get whole neighborhoods just get locked down.
  We've got the footage of which neighborhoods get locked down.
  It's where the robots and the troops come in and order everybody to stay in their houses.
  When they don't, they come at night and weld them into their houses, and then snipers shoot you if you try to climb out a window.
  This isn't some science fiction movie.
  This isn't some zombie apocalypse.
  This is reality, and this is what CNN and The Washington Post are defending.
  And on Twitter, the left calls for firing anybody that doesn't agree and go along with this.
  But suddenly, even the Associated Press and others are saying, wait, this is dangerous.
  This is wrong.
  Have they found their souls?
  Or are they just now criticizing the Communist Chinese under their same globalist controllers because they're getting political points for it?
  Because there is a fissure now where Communist China is even breaking with the globalists and trying to take over the New World Order itself.
  It was set up to de-industrialize us, take all our jobs, be a model of tyranny.
  But tyrants, just like Stalin and Hitler, had a deal the first two years of World War II, but then turned against each other.
  When you get down to the endgame, the different sides start slitting each other's throats.
  Crowd angered by lockdowns called for China's Xi to step down.
  A.P.
  COVID lockdown protests erupt in Beijing, Xinjiang, after deadly fires.
  It goes on and on.
  But I want to look at what's at the heart of the biggest demonstrations ever in China, and what's coming here next with the central bank, digital currencies.
  And in Tucker Carlson's own words, they get this in, we're done.
  Everything is stopping this.
  Everything they've done is to get us ready to accept it.
  Anybody going along with it is a fool.
  Let me tell you about all the latest specials right now at InfoWarsTore.com.
  Let me go down the list here.
  Now again, folks, you came through yesterday and shopped at InfoWarsTore.com, so I'm going to be able to take the truck out.
  Thanks to everybody for tuning in, for sharing it.
  We're going to be going over two hours as well.
  It was a huge success.
  Big up to the crew behind me.
  Big up to the writers in the studio putting up the story at InfoWars.com.
  Remember folks, if you like this, go shop at InfoWarsStore.com.
  They're trying to shut us down.
  It's so funny, they all come out and are like, oh, you owe a trillion dollars.
  You owe two trillion, three trillion dollars.
  Oh, really?
  No, we've got you, and that's all we need.
  InfoWarsStore.com.
  No big groups funding us.
  It's just you shopping at InfoWarsStore.com.
  That's why we're still on the air.
  And of course, the big specials live right now.
  If you're a fan of any of these supplements from InfoWarsStore.com, now is the time to make a purchase.
  Listen to these big discounts.
  The Whole Food Multivitamin is 40% off.
  This has been a top seller.
  You know, we really don't even market it that much, but Whole Food Multivitamins are so popular right now.
  In the supplement industry, people are just finding ours and realizing it's the best out there.
  Vitamin D3 gummies, 40% off, but selling out quickly.
  Winner is here.
  You gotta make sure you're getting your Vitamin D. Great way to do it is the Vitamin D3 gummies at InfoWarsStore.com, 40% off.
  Vitamin Z Plus Zinc, same story, folks.
  Build that immune system up.
  Vitamin C Plus Zinc, 40% off at InfoWarsStore.com.
  DNA Force Plus, 50% off.
  Flagship supplement.
  Fizzy Magnesium, 50% off.
  Brain Force Ultra, 50% off.
   Brain Force Plus, I took my Brain Force Plus today.
  60% off.
  Organic Greens, Fiber Caps, 50% off.
  Super Male and Super Female Vitality, 50% off.
  Ultimate Krill Oil, back in stock, 40% off.
  Knockout Sleep Support, almost sold out, but 40% off.
  Alpha Power, almost sold out, but 40% off.
  Welcome back to the Alex Jones Show!
  Hour number two is coming up here in about 13 minutes.
  This segment is going to be really important as we tie all this together.
   support your immune system naturally. Bezo beef complete 40% off limited supply on that but still
   in stock. Ultimate fish oil 40% off and so much more. Don't forget about the additional 10% with
   coupon code 1776. Welcome back to the Alex Young Show. Hour number two is coming up here in about
   13 minutes. This segment is going to be really important as we towel this together. So there's
   a global corporate scientific mad science takeover happening in
  It's not a lot of the Communist China, but there's a rift there.
  And it wants to take full control of the entire human biological system.
  It wants to get rid of the old upper mobility system of trying to be wealthy and successful.
   wants to get rid of the Renaissance and basic Christian society and replace it
   with a social Darwinistic predatory system in their own words that has an
   end goal of 90% depopulation and accelerated scientific developments that
   allow the elites to live forever. So that's why they're doing this. They're
   very selfish. They believe that if they leave humans free and open we'll
   continue to develop technology, do all these incredible things and they'll lose
   control of the future. So they're doing it really out of desperation. But if you
   look into the globalist arms of the very worst of humanity and should not be in
  control of a dictatorship.
  I'm not endorsing dictatorship.
  That's the whole point of dictatorship.
  Not working is the very worst.
  We're always in control of it.
  So let's go ahead and get into this.
  This is the biggest news here.
  Japan dumping record U.S.
  Treasuries.
  China's selling.
  The Fed is selling.
  The Social Security Trust Fund is selling.
  At the biggest dump of U.S.
  Treasuries in world history.
  Right as they reach all-time prices.
  So that's another bubble that they are now popping.
  To again, in their own words, I played the clips, the head of the EU Central Bank, the head of the private Federal Reserve Bank here, all of them the last month, saying we're coming to an end.
  The central banks will lose control unless they launch their central bank digital currencies, which they have ready.
  But to launch those, they've got to get rid of the old system.
  They've got to have something to blame it on.
  They're blaming it on COVID collapsing the world economy, which they purposely already collapsed themselves because they want to control the collapse.
  Key point here.
  Under no circumstances are we going to accept their digital ID and the CBDC, Centralized Bankster Digital Slave Currency.
  Here's Tucker Carlson, Friday night, explaining what the CBDCs are.
  The cryptocurrency exchange FTX blew up in spectacular fashion.
  It looks like fraud.
  But in the wake of that, rather than thinking through, like, why did regulators let this happen?
  There's a new effort underway to regulate every single financial transaction that occurs in this country through something called the Central Bank Digital Currency, CBDC.
  If that happens, we're done!
  They can control you with the flick of a switch.
   So you should know what they're planning and how we might be able to stop it.
  I want to wish Tucker Carlson a great Thanksgiving.
   I was visiting Florida during Thanksgiving and I just want to wish Tucker a great Thanksgiving.
  I bet he had a great Thanksgiving.
  I know I sure did.
  It's always good to spend Thanksgiving with your friends.
  Oh, and here's one of the clips I played last week.
  The G20 calls for G20 to adopt vaccine passports using WHO standards.
  That'll also be the new central bank.
  That'll also be the new central bank digital currency.
  Let's go and play that clip.
   So let's have a digital health certificate acknowledged by WHO If you have been vaccinated or tested properly, then you can move around.
  So for the next pandemic, instead of stopping the movement of the people 100%, which clogged the economy globally, you know, you can still provide some movement of the people.
   Indonesia has achieved, G20 countries have agreed to have this digital certificate using WHO standards, and we will submit it to the next The World Health Assembly in Geneva has the revision to international health regulation.
  So hopefully for the next pandemic, we can still see some movement of the people, some movement of the goods, and movement of the economy.
  Oh, the next pandemic, they're planning and gearing up.
  And I got a few clips I'm not going to play, but...
  Klaus Schwab, can you imagine in 10 years when we're sitting here and we all have implants on our brains?
  He goes on, you'll be forced to take the implant if you want to be able to buy food or have a job.
  It's real simple.
  Once they have you with a digital currency and track and control everything you do, now they can make you submit to whatever they want to have access to it.
  He goes on to brag he controls half the world leaders already.
  So it's a pretty, pretty big deal.
  And they couch it all in neoliberalism about helping the third world and helping the children and all the rest of it.
  Folks, we're not financed by the globalists.
  We can't operate without your support.
  Plus, we've got great products that you need.
  Infowarsstore.com.
  We have the Cyber Monday, Black Friday, Christmas all rolled into one.
  Everything is up to 60% off with promo code 1776 with a free gift.
   With every order, but I got to tell you, we're going to have to end the sale soon because we're already sold out of a bunch of items like X2, X3, Biodrys Selenium, DNA Force Plus, Vitamin Mineral Fusion, Body's Ultimate Turmeric Formula, Supramel Vitality, Bazo Beats, Ultra 12.
  We're about to sell out of all of these products.
  We're going to keep them on sale till they sell out.
  Should order as quickly as you can.
  Infowarstore.com.
  They're incredible.
  I want to thank you all for your support.
  Here's a special report and we'll start hour number two.
  Operation Lockstep Double Down.
  I want them shut down, I want them silenced, I want them muted.
  I think they are horrible for our society.
  The best way, I believe, to counter misinformation and disinformation is to spread good information, to spread science-based information, to have trusted voices.
   So, I started my comments by reminding everybody that America's physicians, like the real leaders of American medicine, the people you trust for your cancer care and your heart care and your pediatrics care, People are out there telling you need to go get a vaccine.
  You can decide to trust America's physicians, or you can trust some random dude on Twitter.
  Like, those are your choices.
  People are right to question whether this virus actually exists.
  But we now, in Europe for the first time, have scientific proof that it does not exist.
   And this is thanks to a Department of Health A letter that has been received following a request by a citizen in the UK, which he actually had to appeal.
  But he requested the Department of Health and Social Care in the United Kingdom to give him scientific proof of the existence of a virus called SARS-CoV-2.
  And they confirmed that the Department of Health and Social Care does not hold any information on the isolation of a SARS-CoV-2 virus.
  In other words, it does not exist.
  Millions of people in China are once again under collective quarantine as the country faces the new surge of the COVID-19 virus.
  In Beijing, workers in protective suits have installed metal barriers in some neighborhoods where coronavirus cases have been detected.
  People can only go out to buy food or receive medical treatment, and to do so they must scan their health QR codes.
  The Communist Chinese hellscape is the blueprint for what they plan to bring forward against us.
  But I wanted to be specific about where we're at and where they're going to take us with this system and how we can stop it and say no to it.
  You have the UN, you have the big corporate mouthpiece, the World Economic Forum.
  The Chinese model is certainly a very attractive model for quite a number of countries.
  For decades, they've said they want to use a viral scare, and the Rockefeller documents, Operation Lockstep, the list goes on and on, to bring in a world medical ID that will really be the world ID that will have carbon controls, not just viral controls, on where you can go, what you can do.
  They'll have digital money, by region, that'll be programmable.
  They'll decide where you can spend it, when you can spend it, how you can spend it.
  They can devalue it or upvalue it whenever they want.
  A Swedish company specialized in microchip implants promotes the use of their device to carry the COVID pass, saying that the chip makes the data more accessible even if a person doesn't have their phone with them.
  The chip implant is placed in the arm and programmed so that when the chip is read by a smartphone, it opens up a PDF file which contains a person's COVID passport.
  This makes it easier for different entities to check the health status of the individual.
  And it's directly tied and administered to the surveillance over in live time by corporations, bureaucracies and criminal think tanks like the ADL.
  Who will then reward you or punish you off of your social behavior, and then they will program it and incentivize it to spend it with their companies, their businesses, their systems.
  The ultimate brainwashing, the ultimate gaslighting, as they announce all this tyranny, then they say, but we can't talk about it, it doesn't exist, while it publicly exists.
  So here it is.
  Breaking!
  G20 leaders issue joint declaration promoting global health passport to facilitate international travel.
  A world ID to buy, sell and travel even outside your house.
  The social credit score you will not leave one half foot out of your home unless you're authorized to.
   They've now built emergency centers all over the world under UN directives that anyone that does not submit to forced injections and lockdowns in the future ...will be sent to these centers.
  They have now admitted in Canada and in Australia, but they're also setting them up here, and the UN is directing it again, that officially the camps aren't just for people they claim have COVID with their fake PCR test, but now it's for anybody protesting the future lockdowns as they gear up for their next big push.
   While saying they want amnesty from us and for us to not sue them or organize into groups that are saying no so they can sucker punch us again, Oh, son of a bitch.
  We'll be back with hour number two, folks.
  Stay with us.
  One of the biggest news stories lately has been Elon Musk purchasing Twitter at the hopes for many that free speech would be restored on the platform.
  Elon Musk has hinted at this himself, but when he spoke out against returning Alex Jones to the platform, there were obvious concerns.
  Now what I think might be going on, Elon Musk is making a business decision knowing that if Alex Jones is allowed back on the platform, Twitter might get removed from the App Store.
  "Oh, you can't have it on your iPhone.
  "Oh, you can't have it on your Android anymore."
   And now that one of the head tech executives and app manufacturers at Apple has removed his account,
  could be a sign of things to come.
   Now others think it might be a personal choice that Elon Musk made to not let Alex Jones
  back on the platform.
   Now here was Alex Jones' response to the news of Elon Musk not reinstating his account.
   The ADL and the Southern Primary Law Center, the Democratic Party and the European Union
   and the Justice Department and CIA moles that Congress had hearings on last week
   are inside of his company right now and are literally trying to sabotage it,
   not just externally with threats of lawsuits and censorship and criminal charges from the EU,
   but they're also threatening to sabotage the company and the actual systems that make it operate.
  So--
   He hit the panic button and basically came out and attacked me so that he can get the left off of his back and you know that it's it's it's fine to me that he did that except he went too far and compared himself to Jesus and the whole Bring the children to me.
  Suffer the children to me.
  And if you offend one of these, if you're mean to one of these kids, it's better for you to kill yourself by tying a big bowl to your neck and throwing it in the ocean.
  That's just outrageous.
  That's absolutely outrageous that I'm supposedly the worst guy in the world because of media hype that massively has misrepresented what I really said about Sandy Hook.
  If Elon loves to quote Christ so much in between dressing up like Satan, he should quote Christ's most famous quote.
  Let he without sin cast the first stone.
  But that story will carry itself out.
  What we are appreciative of is you supporting us at InfoWarsStore.com so that we can still speak to you, the audience, and the millions of people, the new viewers, the future viewers, that might visit BandotVideo and InfoWars.com every day.
  Now, as a big thank you for that support over the years, we are doing something for the first time that we've ever done here at InfoWars and InfoWarsStore.com.
  And that's a free gift for you when you shop at InfoWarsStore.com.
  That's right, ladies and gentlemen, it's the Thanksgiving special.
  We are thankful, we are grateful for all of your support over the years.
  And so right now, every purchase from now till December 1st at InfoWarsStore.com will get a free gift.
  And this is a lot of cool stuff that we have, like flags and koozies.
  RFID protectors and so much more.
  So you go get your favorite supplement at InfoWarsTore.com.
  You go get a bottle of Vitamin Mineral Fusion for 50% off.
  You get double Patriot Points and now a free gift with every order.
  Remember those sunglasses that sold out so quickly?
  We've got some left.
  Could be coming to you as a free gift, as a token of our appreciation over the years.
  Maybe we get back on Twitter, maybe we don't.
  But thanks to you in the audience supporting us financially, shopping at InfoWarsStore.com, praying for us, and spreading the links, we're still on air here every day.
  And part of our token of appreciation is a free gift to you when you shop at InfoWarsStore.com.
   Let's keep supporting InfoWars, keep shopping at InfoWarsStore.com, and we will stay right
  here on air every day, just like we have for decades.
  Certain details of this legislation are undisclosed and will remain so until the government passes it into law.
  But what we do know about Bill C-36 is bad enough.
  This bill gives the government of British Columbia the power to mandate vaccines for any illness the government so chooses.
  It gives the government the power to censor anyone who challenges their narrative on anything, allowing the government power to seize an individual's property, fine them for up to $200,000, and throw them in jail.
  It creates a system of classification wherein the government decides who has good character and who doesn't.
  It redefines the meaning of informed consent.
  And while it has not been made official yet, the Canadian Psychiatric Association is now targeting everyone who refuses the dangerous mystery vaccines.
  Labeling them as mentally insane.
  An age-old tactic of tyrants.
  Throw the dissidents into mental asylums and medicate them.
  And you've talked about how even they recommend, you know, perhaps psychiatric medication or something for people that don't want to take a vaccine.
  So this has come out recently out of the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario.
  The College sent out a letter or a memo to all the doctors in Ontario suggesting to them, now so far they're not mandating it, they're just suggesting it, that any of their unvaccinated patients that they should consider that they have a mental problem and that they should be put on psychiatric medication.
   So far it's just a suggestion But the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario should not be making these kinds of suggestions.
  This is extremely unethical and this is a very, very slippery slope.
  If they're suggesting that people who wish to have bodily autonomy and don't want an experimental vaccine, that there may be something mentally wrong with them, that is a very, very dangerous, slippery slope that we're on.
  This is what the website of the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario says.
  It says, quote, it is also important that physicians work with their patients to manage anxieties related to the vaccine and not enable avoidance behavior.
  In cases of serious concern, responsible use of prescription medications and or referral to psychotherapy are available options.
  Overall, physicians have a responsibility to allow their patients to be properly informed about vaccines and not have those anxieties empowered by an exemption.
  So my verdict is, wow, yes, this is in fact a true claim.
  This is what the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario is telling doctors.
   That if a patient has declined the COVID-19 vaccine, they are not to quote-unquote empower that patient with an exemption,
   that the declining of the vaccine is automatically labeled as an irrational anxiety.
   And the recourse for that in the eyes of this medical organization is prescription medications
  and or psychotherapy.
   They wanna drug you to trick you into taking the COVID vaccine.
  Reporting for InfoWars, this is Greg Reese.
  
  
   Yes, there is a small fringe element in this country that is angry, that doesn't believe in science,
  that is lashing out with racist, misogynistic attacks.
  attacks?
  
  But Canadians, the vast majority of Canadians, are not represented by them.
  And I know will not allow those voices, those special interest groups, those protesters who can, I don't even want to call them protesters, those anti-vaxxer mobs to dictate how this country gets through this pandemic.
  And how we recover our economy free from lockdowns, where people can get back to work and back to doing the things they want to do, and keep our kids safe.
  Selling out fast!
  Mega blowout sale!
  Up to 60% off our top selling items, plus free gifts with each purchase!
   For just the second time in InfoWars store history, even though many of our top selling items are in limited supply and won't be back in stock until next year, we're putting them All on sale for up to 60% off!
  Brain Force Plus 60% off!
  Knockout Sleep Support 50% off!
  Alpha Power 50% off!
  Alpha Power, 50% off. DNA Force Plus, 50% off.
   Free gift items will be chosen at random from our massive inventory and may include but are not limited to
   koozies, flags, books, DVDs, stickers, sunglasses, paracords, coasters, RFID protection, and more.
   Our thanks to you for supporting the InfoWars and the voice of freedom worldwide.
  
   From the front lines of the Information War, it's Alex Jones.
  
  Well, the whole world really woke up last week.
  When I said the whole world, it was the top story on the internet, from Reddit to Facebook to Twitter.
  The Balenciaga story.
  One of the top fashion brands in the world with serious, hardcore promotion of child porn, Satanism, and child murder in a photo shoot.
   Then they pulled that photo shoot and apologized, and people went and looked at their catalog, And found over half of it, in the last decade, had the same crap in it.
  Now I gotta tell you, I did a deep dive this week looking at it, and I'm not gonna show you most of this.
  Children being chased down naked, cut up in the woods, Satanists raping them, murdering them.
  I told Rob Dew, and I told Greg Rees, who both did reports on it for me this last week, I said, here are the images so you know what I'm talking about, but don't put them in there.
  Because they want to hurt your soul showing you this.
  So the stuff we show, them chopping up little boys with hatchets, and we blurt out them raping little kids, tip of the iceberg.
  And I did look at it, and I realized what they're trying to do.
  I understand the psychological warfare.
  It's just...
  You've got to realize the people we're up against are religiously into being predators, religiously into being deceivers.
  It is their religion to hate children, and to hate innocence, and to hate us, and to hate goodness, and to hate prosperity, and to absolutely want to starve us to death and kill us.
  Their religion.
  Is being anti-human predators.
  And I understand that you're a nice person that wants to give a child an ice cream cone.
  You're a nice person that just wants to have a good life and be a friendly nice person.
  98% of people are like that.
   But there's 2% That are a mixture of sociopaths and psychopaths.
  Most of that 2% are sociopaths who just want power.
  But there's less than 1% that enjoy hurting innocents and they're in control because we won't admit they exist.
  Even though history is replete of examples of what they've done.
  So, later in the hour I'm going to get to a lot of this.
  But right now, let's just talk about cutting our energy off.
  As I've hammered this and hammered this.
  That they can have fiat currencies, and they can have money laundering, and they can have currency devaluations, and they can do all that crap.
  But when they cut off the gas, and the oil, and the diesel, and directly carry that out, they are assaulting you.
  They are assaulting their families.
  So there's a Tucker Carlson clip I'm going to play that's a minute and a half long, where he talks about all prosperity is tied to energy.
  Now, energy for a human is an egg, or a steak, or a squash, or a lettuce, or a broccoli, or a carrot, or milk, or a tomato.
  That's the energy we use.
  They're attacking that at every level with GMO and poisons and adulterated garbage.
   But the energy that runs our machines and our mechanized industrial world is Fossil fuels.
  Now, there was a study in 2016, and we're going to get to it coming up next segment, with a whole bunch of different governments and a bunch of universities that found what is known as science.
  The carbon dioxide used to be hundreds of times what it is in our atmosphere now from the ice core samples and the mud samples and others they've done.
  And that plants were much bigger and grew faster, were healthier and lived longer.
   there was more oxygen and animals including humans were healthier.
   And just like Mars lost its atmosphere a long time ago, the earth if you look at
   the studies, the real science, it's all out there, real scientists know this, it's
  not debatable, the earth is losing its atmosphere.
   And so by going in and finding those fossil fuels that the Creator put there for us and terraforming them back to the surface, we've gotten a respite And they had studies already looking at the reversal of deserts growing around the world because of increased carbon dioxide, which then increases oxygen, which increases life.
  But that's all academic.
  We'll hit that next segment.
   What I wanted to hit first Was the fact that they are cutting off our oil and our gas and our diesel, which then makes people not be able to ship items or buy items or have heating or have jobs, which kills confidence, which further implodes the economy.
   So we had Clyburn, Democrat leader, Gaslights.
  He says people in love with Biden's agenda when they look at their bank accounts, despite the fact that U.S.
  bank accounts are at the lowest level they've been statistically since the Great Depression.
  But like Biden said.
  Economy's doing great.
  In 2020, the numbers are always about two years old.
  They have preliminary numbers that show it's even worse.
  The most traded global good was not crude oil, but semiconductors.
  So semiconductors, to surveil us and control us, are making more money in gross sales, even though fuel is just something you burn, than all fossil fuels on the planet, because they've been cutting them off.
  Diesel crunch is finally causing demand destruction.
  People are spending all their money on it.
  Stuff is going up in price.
  Stuff isn't being delivered.
  So with the diesel running out, it's killing demand, which kills the oxygen to the economy.
  It's all basic facts.
   Meanwhile, UK, head of their economy says, You should turn down your heating, reduce your energy consumption, and get used to paying much higher prices.
  This is just the way it is.
  And here's the report I mentioned because a new study came out confirming it's better than what they said.
  Six years ago, the earth's greening even faster.
  In a 2016 paper published by 32 authors from 24 institutions in eight countries, they analyzed satellite data, concluded that there had been a roughly 14% increase in green vegetation over 30 years, and they projected up to a doubling by the end of the century, and now six years later, it's even better than they thought.
  Crops need less water, less fertilizer, because they've got more carbon dioxide, they need less nitrogen, they need less water.
  They need less sunlight.
  Carbon dioxide is the gas, more important than oxygen.
  And when plants get it, they put out more oxygen, which the studies show make us live longer and have lower cancer rates.
  Our ancestors, just a few thousand years ago, were breathing more carbon dioxide than we are now.
  It's crazy we discovered oil right when suddenly the atmosphere had issues and was losing the gases we needed.
  Big story on it at Infowars.com.
  Green vegetation on earth increased by 40% over 30 years.
  Major study finds and now the new study confirms it's happening even faster than the scientists thought.
  Meanwhile, Elon Musk owns these giant cobalt mines in Africa where thousands die a year.
  And the Chinese do as well.
  DR Congo towns that disappear as Chinese-owned cobalt mines swallows it up, French news agency reports.
  I want to Tucker Carlson say, we'll play it when we come back.
  All prosperity in this country, in the world, depends ultimately on energy.
  It's unimaginable that anyone but our enemies would want to raise our energy prices to the point where our economy collapses.
  And yet, that is exactly what the Biden administration has decided to do.
  That's coming up.
  Meanwhile, EV charging stations by 2035 will need more power than a small town per system, using more fossil fuels to create the batteries and to produce the electricity.
   You see the famous pictures of diesel generators powering the electric Hookups.
  It's all a fraud to destroy the economy.
  It's all coming up.
  You want to know how much the deep state is out to get you?
  How criminal they are?
  This is the total proof of all of it.
  And we're going to lay it all out on the other side.
  They are literally turning off the power.
  Turning off the carbon dioxide and oxygen to the planet.
  They're turning off the power.
  For only the second time in the entirety of the InfoWars store, we are announcing a Selling Out Mega Blowout Sale!
  Many of our top selling items are included in this sale and are in limited supply, so once they're out, they will probably not be back in stock until next year.
  Everything is listed at deep discounts of up to 60% off market price, plus, if you order now, we will include a free gift from the store for every order, regardless of what you buy.
  This item will be chosen at random from a hand-picked selection of our DVDs, books, stickers, and so much more.
  This is our gift to you for supporting the InfoWars and the Voice of Freedom worldwide.
  After the seemingly never-ending barrage of attacks on us, Alex and the rest of the crew here at InfoWars needs all the help we can get to allow the message of a pro-human future to reach the masses.
   Hurry to the store of InfoWars now to check out the Mega Blowout Sale, because some of
  these items are already selling out at InfoWarsStore.com.
  It's really so incredibly elementary that...
  
  Somewhere around a third of the greenhouses in Europe and the United States, I was looking at the numbers up today, at least 25%, pump carbon dioxide into the tents.
  And it's fine for humans to go in there, because the plants put off even more oxygen.
  And the plants grow up to twice as fast and are more healthy with more carbon dioxide.
  The life cycle, sunlight, water, carbon dioxide, and oxygen.
  But they know the average person thinks carbon dioxide sounds like carbon monoxide that'll kill you, so they want it banned.
  Of course, water's technical name is dihydrogen monoxide.
  And we've done this many times, four or five times, man, on the street.
  I've done it a couple times.
  Leanne McAdoo, when she was a reporter for us, did it.
  You go out to a general crowd.
  We did it at UT, did it downtown Austin as well.
  And you say, hey, there's this thing that's everywhere.
  It's a pollutant.
  It's a problem.
  It's dihydrogen monoxide.
  It makes you urinate a lot.
  It's in our bodies.
  We need to ban it.
  And 90 plus percent of people sign a petition to ban dihydrogen monoxide.
  We've also done the same man on the street with the name of Salt.
  And Salt's technical name sounds really scary.
  So, carbon dioxide has this horrible name, but it's the key, along with sunlight, water and oxygen to all life on this planet.
  And so they're stopping carbon dioxide that combustion engines put off, because they're burning up captured carbon from life on this planet.
  Literal fertilizer to the earth.
  By cutting that off, it's a strategic war.
  But China, and all these other third world countries, they're making zero cuts, but we are.
  This is an act of war.
  It's much worse than shutting off the Keystone Pipeline.
  Here's Tucker Carlson.
  Observation.
  All prosperity in this country depends ultimately on energy.
  Our consumer economy runs on it.
  It takes energy to make things and bring them to your house.
  Our tech economy runs on energy too.
  A lot of it.
  How do you think they keep their server farms running?
  Energy is pretty much, in fact, the key to everything that Americans do for a living.
  It's the key to health care and agriculture and yes, media and travel and construction, entertainment.
  Even finance, which is symbiotic with the real economy, depends, in the end, on energy.
  Because you can't lend money to businesses if they no longer exist, and if energy prices go up high enough, they don't exist.
  So given how central, very obviously central, energy is to everything that matters in America, it's hard to believe that the Biden administration would intentionally make energy much more expensive.
  Because we know for a fact, having seen it repeatedly through history, that high energy prices will crush our economy faster even than the COVID lockdowns did.
  People will become poor.
  Some of them will die.
  That's not a guess.
  It will happen.
  So given all that, it's unimaginable that anyone but our enemies would want to raise our energy prices to the point where our economy collapses.
  And yet that is exactly what the Biden administration has decided to do.
  And to do it, they're using twin instruments of climate policy and their war against Russia.
  The effect?
  In a nation with the largest recoverable oil reserves on planet Earth, many Americans can no longer afford fossil fuels.
  And once again, this is not an accident.
  It's not a natural cycle we're going through.
  Politicians and policy makers are doing it to us on purpose.
  So they couldn't get Trump to cut U.S.
  energy production.
   We went from being number three in the world under Obama Number one in the world within two years of Trump being in for just four years.
  But they could trick him to go along with the lockdowns for at least a while, which killed the economy.
  But then they brought in, once Biden got in, the energy crackdown, which is why everything costs more, everything's falling apart.
  They know exactly what they're doing.
  But here's this incredibly important report.
  It's up on InfoWars.com.
  There's new studies, major governmental studies, university studies, confirming what this massive report found.
  Six years ago, green vegetation on Earth increased by 14% over 30 years, major studies find.
  They predicted an increase of it doubling by the end of the century, but actually it's on track by 2080 to double.
  So they've created more green space on Earth than the entire size of the U.S.
  Just since this study was done.
  So the Earth is just, man, we love this.
  We love this carbon dioxide.
  They're like, shut that off!
  What type of psychotics would cut something off like this when it creates higher oxygen, which makes us healthier?
  You know, oxygen and carbon dioxide are trace elements.
  See, we're terraforming the planet for good.
  And they're trying to reverse that.
  And they go, oh, you must work for an oil company.
  The big oil companies are owned by globalists.
  They're trying to shut all this down.
  The biggest funders on the left and the whole carbon thing are the oil companies.
  My god, Enron came up with the idea.
  BP, Exxon, they're all for shutting off oil.
  They're owned by the globalists.
  Here's part of this video presentation.
  I'll voice over the text for you.
  Here it is.
  Rejoice, the earth is becoming greener.
  The amount of vegetation growing on Earth increased every year between 1982 and 2009.
  This is an old study.
  That comes to a total increase of 14%.
  Enough to form a green landmass twice the size of the United States.
  Really?
  How?
   of this increase is attributed to the extra CO2 in the atmosphere.
   Greening affects all ecosystems, but shows up mostly strongly in arid areas, dry areas.
  That's because high temperatures and high CO2 concentrations cause plants to retain more water during.
  That implies that during periods of low rainfall, ecosystems and farms will be less water stressed at the end of the century than they are today.
   Thousands of experiments demonstrate The higher CO2 levels result in higher crop yields.
  It's a fact.
  In other words, greening means more food for wildlife.
  It also means higher yields for farmers and humans.
  About 3 trillion over the last 30 years.
  Climate activists almost never mention the benefits of higher CO2 levels in the atmosphere.
  The study appeared in Nature.
  Learn more at humanprogress.org.
  So that's six years old, but it's making the rounds again.
  You notice how W-E-F that video was?
  They're copying that.
  But it's a fact.
  25% or more of the food grown in the Western world is in greenhouses creating CO2 and pumping it in because the plants grow way better.
  So, this is a fact, and they know all this.
  Why do you think the dinosaurs were so big?
  Why do you think they dig up trees six, seven times bigger than Redwoods?
  Why do you think they discover all this stuff?
  Because the Earth, just like Genesis says, had a better atmosphere.
  Genesis describes that the oxygen, it says what was in the air, what was in the sky, was way more powerful, and way better, and that people live longer, and animals and plants live better, and that somehow the atmosphere got damaged, it began to drain off.
  Well, we know from NASA studies that happened to Mars.
  Mars lost its atmosphere.
  So we're terraforming this planet, and they're trying to attack that.
  It's a big deal, folks.
  We'll be right back with even bigger news straight ahead.
  Please stay with us.
  Calling Patriots Worldwide.
  If you have been waiting for a sale to try out one of our many products at InfoWareStore.com, then this is the one for you.
  Introducing our Selling Out Mega Blowout Sale.
  Almost all of our best items you will find have up to 60% off the base price.
  Many of them are in limited supply too, so once they are gone, you will probably not have a chance to resupply until next year.
  Contained within the sale, you will find things like Brain Force Plus at 60% off or Brain Force Ultra at 50% off, each of which are a great way to try the next level in advanced neural activation.
  If your body is in need of a recharge or a boost, then our products Knockout, Alpha Power, and Bodies can help you get to sleep and ready to take on the next day.
  All of which can be found at a 50% discount.
  Perhaps you're in need of some vitamins your body is deficient in?
  Then check out Vitamin Mineral Fusion or the Vitamin D3 Gummies at a discount of 50%.
  Also, you'll find our Whole Food Multivitamins and Vitamin C with Zinc at 40% off.
  Fizzy Magnesium, a newer offering on the store, is discounted at 50% off.
  And one of the most powerful InfoWars Life offerings, DNA Force Plus, is also on sale at a 50% discount.
  On top of getting one of our best offers in the history of the InfoWars store, if you order now, we'll throw in one free item for every purchase, regardless of size.
  This will be the first and possibly last time we will include a free gift that could be anything from a koozie to a flag, a book, DVDs, sunglasses, stickers, and even RFID protection.
  This is part of our appreciation to you for supporting the InfoWars.
  So when we say it's a 360 win, we're actually giving you a 180 on top of that, with a little something extra this time.
   Help launch this war on information to the next level by purchasing one or more of these high quality items at InfowarsStore.com
  Waging war on corruption.
   Corruption is It's Alex Jones, coming to you live from the front lines of the InfoWar.
  I want listeners to remember something really important tonight, on this November 27th Sunday transmission.
   If you study gang psychology and criminal psychology, criminology, You'll know that whether it's a white supremacist gang or a hispanic supremacist gang or black supremacist gang, they're always supremacists.
  They'll go to the president.
  It's all supremacist groups.
  They make their low-level people commit murders and horrible crimes and kill innocent people to prove their evil and to have dirt on them.
   And when we study the real global mafia, they make them have sex with 15-year-old girls first, And once they've done that, then it's 12-year-old girls, then it's 5-year-olds, and then it's... We want you to strangle this child.
  And that's come out.
  That's what Jeffrey Epstein and all these monsters were doing.
  And so now, all this pedophile news is coming out, with major fashion brands openly pushing it, and the world's waking up.
  You ask, why would they do that?
  because it's a gang initiation.
   It's a test to cut you off from God and get full control of you.
  
  So, Sydney McCain, John McCain's wife, admitted over a year and a half ago that her and John McCain knew about what Jeffrey Epstein was doing.
  Here's the clip.
  No, it's like everything.
  It hides in plain sight.
  Epstein was hiding in plain sight.
  We all knew about him.
  We all knew what he was doing.
  But we had no one that was, no legal aspect that would go after him.
  They were afraid of him.
  For whatever reason, they were afraid of him.
  But I'm going after him.
  It's like the Democratic Party in the deep state suing me.
  So when it comes out, they all turn on each other.
  So before I get to the hardcore information, this really caught the Internet's attention this weekend.
  Up in Nantucket, Massachusetts, Biden over the weekend was toddling around, meth out of his head.
  And he sees kids at a window and comes over like some crazy stalker or some peeping Tom.
  And they get this selfie of him looking in the window and it just captures everybody's attention.
  But see, that's not proof he's a pedo.
  His daughter's diary saying he raped her in the shower over and over again is.
  For all his other activity, that's the proof of who he is.
  But that's what caught people's attention.
  But let's get to the real proof.
  Russia blasts U.S.
  over LGBTQ law interference.
  Russia says we're banning cutting girls' breasts off, cutting boys' genitals off, we're banning pedophile behavior, we're banning it, and the U.S.
  government is interfering with what the Russians are doing.
  Then the big balanciaga, pronounce that wrong, balanciaga, how do you say it?
  Balanciaga.
  The big balanciaga situation.
  The big Balenciaga story blows up, and they've now sued the producers of the BDSM, I guess that's some type of torture thing, Teddy Bear Pedophilic Ad Campaign.
  So Balenciaga comes out.
  and says, "Oh, that was just the photographer."
   But the photographer says, "I was told to do this specifically."
   But then people went and looked at the Balenciaga bat catalog
   and found it being done over and over and over and over again the last few years
  because they believe they get power out of doing this.
   And what's in there, we're not gonna show you the really gruesome stuff,
   but kids being raped, kids being dismembered, satanic ceremonies, human sacrifice.
  It goes on and on and on.
  And little kids with bondage gear, little kids with paperwork laying around about child pornography being legalized in a Supreme Court case, where they say you can do simulated child porn.
  It goes on and on.
  But that's why this is so incredibly important is it gives you a window into these people and who they really are.
  And Dan Dixon, a great report, we're going to air next segment that details all this.
  It's up on InfoWars.com.
  Everything you need to know about the Balenciaga scandal in less than nine minutes.
  And then that ties into the Colorado gay club shooting is being used to shut down debate on child sexualization.
  Turns out the person was a transgender that did it.
  Now they've dropped the story like a hot potato.
  Then we've got Justin Trudeau, preaches diversity on Canadian drag shows, saying, we don't just want tolerance, we want acceptance.
  Well, I'm not attacking gay people.
  I'm not attacking men that dress up like women.
  But that's the cover for sexualizing children and targeting them with this whole agenda.
  That's the issue.
  And to Kanye West's credit, we'll play a clip of it here in a moment.
  A short two minute clip.
  He came out yesterday.
  And said, I don't appreciate Elon Musk that runs cobalt slave mines in China, pointing his finger at Alex Jones.
  And Candace Owens came out and said, if Kanye's ex-wife's attacking him for what he's done, why doesn't she come out against Balenciaga, that she is a model for, and decry pedophilia in all its forms?
  Great point, Candace Owens.
  And many others are now coming out and saying the same thing.
  Here's a short clip of Kanye yesterday talking about the censorship and the attacks in Balenciaga.
  We saw Adidas freeze my accounts.
  We saw me get debanked.
   And you think, if that can happen to someone like me, What's happening to all of America?
  What's happening to all the world?
   If you have an opinion, even if you speak up, there's so many people that they just they work in a regular job and they know if they say anything to their manager then they'll They'll lose their position.
  They'll lose their job.
  Right.
  You know, they tried to destroy me in press.
  They tried to destroy all of my businesses at the same time.
  And the world saw it.
  And no one's saying anything.
  You know, as far as like none of the celebrities, so this just shows you all celebrities are controlled.
  You don't see no celebrities talking about the Balenciaga situation, right?
  So that just shows you all of these celebrities out here.
  Don't let them influence you in any way because they're controlled by the people who really influence the world.
  There's no such thing as a celebrity influencer.
  That is that all these people.
  They don't, they're not serving God.
  If they serve God, then believe what they're talking about.
  And my thing that, you know, the Trump, you know, I've been a Trump supporter.
  I went through the trenches wearing a red hat, literally going into exhaustion from people asking me these questions about the red hat.
  I've been through the trenches with that.
  But we're holding to Christian Christ principles first.
  America is a Christian country.
  Another issue I have is the fact that Elon won't reinstate Alex Jones.
  Yeah, I agree.
  Alex Jones is a Christian.
  But you have a person who doesn't believe that Christ is Lord going to buy an American media outlet and picking and choosing who can be on the platform and who can't be on the platform.
  Jesus is Lord.
  Amen.
  All right, so there you go.
  And look, Kanye is a great guy and he's absolutely trying to fight the system with everything he's got.
  And they're coming after him because they're coming after all of us.
  Coming after you.
  And it's all out in the open now.
  Look at this, this trans woman may have discovered a potential motive.
  The shooter claims to have been non-binary, but this trans woman is like, nope, you're a man.
  So why would he target a club Q?
  Because they rejected his personal identity?
  Either of this, the people lie about being trans to get easier sentences.
  But you're not supposed to question somebody when they tell you that they are another gender.
  This is all depopulation, and I've got this video club.
  That Royce White put out.
  This is the future of the Beta Feminist LBGTQ BLM Project.
  It's an Asian woman leading a black man dressed as a woman around on a chain and the murder of his masculinity.
  That's all this is.
  It's all funded by big corporations to break down and destroy society.
  And it particularly targets black men.
  And I commend black folks for waking up to that.
  All right.
  Final segment straight ahead.
  Key Dan Dix report.
  Then Owen Troyer.
  Thanksgiving 2022 is here.
  We've got the biggest sale of the year going right now.
  Now, the good news is I'm going to extend this sale up to 60% off right through Christmas.
  The bad news is by Christmas, almost every product in the store will be sold out.
  We won't get more for months and months and months.
  So now is the time to take action to support the InfoWar and get the biggest sales of the year.
  We've already sold out of X2 and X3 and Bio-True Selenium and our Wake Up America award-winning coffee.
  And now, DNA Force Plus, Vitamin Refusion, Body's Ultimate Turmeric Formula, so many other great products like Ultimate Krill Oil, Ultimate Fish Oil, Vaz-O-Beats, Secret 12.
  They are all going to sell out in the next few weeks or in the next month.
  Again, more stuff's going to sell out today, so every hour you wait, more stuff will be sold out at InfoWareStore.com.
  Promo code 1776 and you get an additional 10% off the already giant savings at MFULWARESTORE.COM.
  Thank you so much for your support.
  God bless.
  All right, it's the final segment here.
  A very special report by the great reporter Dan Dix, the Balenciaga pedophile scandal.
  It's the most powerful out there, the most concise.
  Hope you share it, because there's a targeting of our children.
  No one can deny it.
  And then Owen Schreuer takes over with Sunday Night Live, 6 to 8 p.m.
  Central.
  Brazil election, Senate runoff, Dems fearing Twitter, free speech, and so much more.
  The China rebellion against the tyranny.
  It is all coming up.
  Tonight.
  And I'll be back tomorrow.
  11 a.m.
  Central Standard Time.
  Infowars.com.
  Only with the Dog Hunts.
  You share the links, you share the articles.
  And of course, 8 a.m.
  is The Great Harrison Smith.
  Infowars.com.
  Ford's last show as well.
  And again, I cannot impress upon you how important you are in this fight.
  These monsters are so close to being defeated.
  They're panicked.
  They're scared.
  We will defeat them together.
  Separately, we are funded by you.
  Please go to InfoWarsTour.com, get a book, get a film, get a t-shirt.
  We've got the biggest sale in our history going.
  Get a free gift with every order.
  Up to 60% off with promo code 1776.
  Do your Christmas shopping early.
  We're about to sell out of DNA Force Plus, Vitamin Mineral Fusion, Body's Ultimate Turmeric Formula, Bazo Beads, Ultra 12.
  The vitamin D three gummies with calcium.
  They're all high end info or store dot com.
  Everything's 40 60% off.
  The lowest 40% off.
  A lot of the stuff is at cost.
  Promo code 70 76 free gift with every order and double Patriot points.
  As well.
  Your next order.
  Info or store dot com.
  And again, these are great products.
   You Owen Schroeder takes over here in just a moment with Sunday Night Live, 6 to 8 p.m.
  Take action.
  Spread the live links.
  Infowars.com forward slash show.
  Here's Dan Dix exposing this huge pedo gate.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  This is the pathetic Satanism of the Globalist.
  Dehumanizing us.
   March the mud. This is Dan Dix here reporting for Press for Truth coming at
   you today with what may be the most important video I'll have produced in
  I got a lot of questions that need to be answered.
  This video needs to go viral so we can all get to the bottom of this.
  So, let's jump right into it.
  Balenciaga is a high-end luxury and fashion brand that sells ridiculously expensive items and clothing.
  Their holiday gifting campaign is trying to sell you something, but it's not clothing.
  It's sex with children.
  Why is this child posing with teddy bears wearing sexual bondage gear with a white rabbit and a stack of duct tape and a dog leash?
  Why is this kid posing with the white rabbit, a bondage bear, and more duct tape?
  Or why is this toddler holding a teddy bear dressed in sexual bondage gear, complete with a leather harness, with yet another white rabbit and dog leash?
  Why is this young child being depicted with a sexualized teddy bear?
  Why is that same toddler shown here lying face down with these bondage bears on the couch and dresser, candles in beer cans, wine glasses, another dog leash, and some sort of dog collar bowl on the floor?
  Why did they create a fashion show with a bunch of troubled individuals carrying around these sex bondage pedo bears?
  Why did this company post a photo with a book in the background by Michael Boromies, the man who also wrote Fire From The Sun, a book that features naked children with pedophiles as its artwork?
  Why did they post a photo of this bag with pages open showing a section of a Supreme Court ruling against a law that was designed to fight pedophilia?
  The court documents concerning Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coalition, a 2002 Supreme Court case that struck down a portion of the Child Pornography Prevention Act of 1996, ruling that virtual child pornography is protected speech.
  Why is this major retail brand promoting child pornography?
  And they're not being subtle about it.
  They're very brazen about it, putting it out in the open for all to see.
  Why are they trying to sell the idea that they are okay with pedophilia?
  I mean, just think of the amount of people involved here.
  The producers, the photographer, the parents, the creative directors.
   Why didn't anyone at some point along the line say, hold up, What the F are we all doing here?
  The reason is because of a movement that is trying to normalize pedophilia while also sexualizing young children.
  They use terms like MAPS, which stands for Minor Attracted Persons, as if to just say, it's just a sexual preference.
  They launched NAMBLA, which stands for North American Man-Boy Love Association.
  A pedophile advocacy group that's run out of the United States.
  They promote drag shows for kids.
  And if you say anything negative about that...
  You're just a transphobic bigot.
  The schools are pushing all of this as well, because if they are saying that a child can change their sex, they'll eventually be saying that means a child can consent to it as well.
  Even the big banks are promoting, neutralizing, castrating and sterilizing young children.
  Canadian Bank donates $500,000 for transgender surgeries on kids.
  A top Canadian bank just donated a half a million dollars to a hospital program in Ontario that specializes in transgender surgeries for children.
  And here it is from TD Bank, how the McMaster Pediatric Gender Diversity Program is helping gender diverse youth thrive.
  Not only is the harming of children being pushed on society, but on top of that, the media is not covering what Balenciaga did.
  But instead...
  They did the exact opposite.
  On July 13th, 2020, I posted this video.
  The Wayfair Conspiracy is a sci-op red herring designed to distract you from the truth.
  Remember when it was believed that the major retail chain Wayfair was selling high-end furniture as a ruse for child trafficking?
  But then one of the kids suspected of being trafficked spoke up and said, hello everyone, I'm alive and well.
  In that video, I explained that child trafficking through a major retail brand is a real thing, but the Wayfair conspiracy was designed to be a red herring.
   The purpose of this is so that one day, when it is eventually revealed to be true that major retail brands do engage in child trafficking, Well, people will be able to point back to the debunked Wayfair conspiracy to just say, no, that's all ridiculous nonsense.
  That conspiracy is already being debunked.
  And interestingly enough, guys, just hours after I posted that video, my YouTube channel got terminated.
  Then seven months later, YouTube apologized for the inconvenience and they reinstated my channel.
  So at the risk of losing it all again, I'm bringing you this bombshell information which has to be exposed.
  The company does realize that they've been busted here so they just issued this apology.
  We sincerely apologize for any offense our holiday campaign may have caused.
  Our plush bear bags should not have been featured with children in this campaign.
  We have immediately removed the campaign from all platforms.
  This isn't an apology because they are sorry.
  It's an apology because they got caught.
   They even claimed ignorance when it came to the Supreme Court case prop.
   We apologize for displaying unsettling documents in our campaign.
   We take this matter very seriously and are taking legal action against the parties responsible
   for creating the set and including unapproved items for our Spring '23 campaign photoshoot.
  We strongly condemn abuse of children in any form.
  We stand for children, safety and well-being.
  The company recently left Twitter, and they also deleted their Instagram account with over 14 million followers.
  Not something that a company who is innocent would do.
  So, what's the big takeaway from all of this, my friends?
   If you climb your way up the corporate ladder, all the way to the top of politics and finance, You're going to find a cabal of pedophiles who use their power and influence to cover up crimes against children.
  This is no longer conspiracy theory, my friends.
  This is conspiracy fact.
  I mean, just look at Jeffrey Epstein, who was seen hanging out with powerful billionaires after he was arrested and convicted of having sex with minors.
  So this is serious, my friends.
  We must expose this for what it is, and we must counter the normalization of pedophilia.
  You can help doing that by sharing this video, because nothing's going to change until there's enough people who know that there's a problem in the first place.
  So please, take a moment to do that today, folks.
  For the sake of the kids, this all needs to stop.
  And if you appreciate my efforts to bring you this information, please take a moment to check me out at pressfortruth.ca slash donate.
  Links are located in the description below.
  And that's all for today, my friends.
  Thank you so much for watching.
  Don't forget to click that thumbs up button, share this video, and stay tuned.
  We're going to have more video reports coming soon, God willing.
  This is Dan Dix reporting for Press for Truth.
   Until about 150 Until about 150 years ago, cultures all over the world believed that people got sick and died in many cases in the winter because of something called vapors.
  They associated these poisonous vapors with cold weather.
  Of course, it wasn't the cold weather or catching a chill that killed people.
  What was killing people was a lack of vitamin D3.
  You see, the sun, via your skin, helps your body produce vitamin D3.
  But, if you're not getting enough sun, you will not produce vitamin D3, and then it's very easy for viruses and other things to start replicating and taking your body over.
  So now it's more important than ever, because the winner's here, to take high quality vitamin D3 and we have the best with our vitamin D3 gummies with calcium for better upload into your body for 50% off at InfoWarStore.com with promo code 1776.
  Don't wait!
  Support the InfoWar and your immune system with vitamin D3 gummies at InfoWarStore.com.