You know where the CIA tunes in, right?
  You know where the Russians tune in?
  You know where everybody tunes in, right?
  You know who Tucker Carlson tunes in to?
  And Joe Rogan?
  Elon Musk?
  You know where they tune in, right?
  They tune in right here!
  InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's news.
  Today.
  All you have to do is check out what I'm saying.
  And that's why they run the fake headline against myself and Tucker Carlson everywhere, every day.
  Jones admits he's an actor.
  Or Tucker Carlson says nobody would take me seriously.
  Where did we say that?
  We never said that.
  They just say we said that.
  But where's the clip?
  Where's the article?
  Where do we say that?
  It doesn't exist.
  Alex Jones is playing a character and is a performance artist.
  Jones is playing a character on his radio show.
  The radio rants of Alex Jones are just an act.
  He's actually a performance artist.
  He's a performance artist.
  Alex Jones is a fake.
  They're lying to you because they think you're stupid.
  And it's all based on the custody battle with my ex-wife five years ago.
  And she was trying to put into evidence me dressed up more than a decade before, like the Joker, being sarcastic, saying, take your Prozac, kids.
  Take your illegal drugs, too.
  You'll die.
  It's fun.
  So people wouldn't take drugs.
  And they wanted to enter that in evidence and say, look, he's insane telling kids to use drugs.
  And my lawyer went, when Jack Nicholson plays the part of the Joker, no one thinks that's really Jack Nicholson.
  So yeah, when I've been Cobra Commander.
  Hail Cobra!
  Or Optimus Prime.
  Autobots, let's roll!
  Or the Joker, because I can do imitations of them all really good.
  Or Darth Vader.
  Don't act so surprised, globalist.
  You didn't think you could silence the American people, did you?
  Do I really think I'm Darth Vader?
  No.
  Do I think I'm Optimus Prime?
  Cobra Commander?
  The Joker?
  No.
  And clearly, no reasonable person would think when I'm doing satire that what I'm saying is what I really think.
  No one believes the Babylon Bee.
  It's not trying to lie to you, it's being sarcastic.
  Buy the Vaccinate Me Elmo doll today.
  It's required by the CDC.
  But they play those games.
  And that's why I don't joke around as much as I used to.
  Even though I tell people, okay, this is a joke, this isn't serious, they clip it out and they say, no, this is what he really believes.
  Every day when I leave work, I do this.
  That man's a threat to this country.
  And they go, look, he admitted in court he's an actor.
  Well, yeah, I was an actor in Scanner Darkly.
  I was an actor in Waking Life.
  I was an actor when I was Cobra Commander.
  But it doesn't mean that Alex Jones, the talk show host, up here reading news articles to you isn't a real thing and isn't something I'm actually saying.
  And you know that!
  You're insulted right now.
  I'm even explaining that to you.
  And so am I. But that's who these people are.
  You don't know the power of the dark side.
  Am I really Darth Vader?
  I think Alex Jones seems really talented.
  He's smart.
  He's funny as hell.
  He's truly funny.
  I'm kind of retarded.
  
   Now that I've done those imitations, those little jokes, do you now not listen to what I say about other things
   when I show you a powerful news article by Dr. Joseph Mercola on InfoWars.com
   that has all the cited information, the latest tragedy, sudden adult death syndrome?
  No, that's a real thing!
  That's something happening in the real world, and that's what we're breaking down here today.
  I am Alex Jones, and I am the guy on this show every day.
   I am an American and that's what I promote is freedom and justice and liberty and they
  can't stand it.
  Pesky Earth Creatures.
  
  Ladies and gentlemen, a day that will live in infamy for the bloodthirsty left.
  Friday, June 24, 2022.
  Roe v. Wade overturned.
  Restrictions on the Second Amendment overturned and more.
  And the left is vowing violence and vengeance.
  Big broadcast straight ahead.
  Stay with us.
  It's a big day.
  Friday, June 24, 2022.
  Roe v. Wade overturned by the Supreme Court in the United States of America.
  InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's news.
  Today.
  
  They're scared.
  
  Freedom is rising.
  
  Pros human.
  Intention is increasing.
  Humanity is awakening from their coma.
  And those that love death are in a violent panic.
  
  So what's happened here on this historic Friday edition?
  Why did the Supreme Court do the right thing and overturn Roe v. Wade just under the Constitution and kick it back to the states?
  A lot of reasons, but the big one is that we have 3D modeling and 3D scans in HD for now 20 plus years of babies in the womb sucking their thumbs and even two, three months playing, dancing, and we know that's a human.
  And statistics show that yeah, the baby boomers are still 50-50 pro-death.
  But below the age of 30, it's over 75 to 80% of people, and it's intensifying with the youngest generation waking up and being anti-abortion.
  And then you've got the pro-abortion crowd saying it's a satanic sacrament in court.
  Saying we're gonna kill those little bastards, wearing shirts, celebrating, yeah, I killed my baby, I'm gonna kill more.
  And really showing us how sick and evil they are, and their cult of death.
  And so that's a big part of it as well.
  And the Supreme Court's far from perfect, but as Clarence Thomas said today, North is still North, South is still South.
  This is reality, ladies and gentlemen.
  Now it's not a total overturn of Roe v. Wade saying that it's illegal.
  It's simply saying it goes back to the states.
  And Nancy Pelosi and others say that there's a paradox or a contradiction or hypocrisy in the ruling that states cannot ban concealed carry or gun permits just on a whim.
  You've got to be a felon.
  To be banned.
  That really is a big overturn of much of the victim disarmament that they call gun control in this country.
  They're saying, oh look, well we thought that's a state right.
  Well, states can't announce slavery is legal again.
  States can't announce that they can take your guns.
  States can't announce any of that in our republic system.
  And I believe the Supreme Court could have outright banned abortion because it is murder, historically.
  You see other rulings, you know, saying you can't say that black people aren't human.
  Things like that by the Supreme Court that we all know deep down is true.
  That black people are humans.
  And that it was wrong to say there were only two-thirds humans.
  But they've gone 90% of the way now and there are close to 30 states that are now going to heavily restrict the murder of children.
  It was the last celebration of killing babies up to their due date.
  And then multiple states, like New York, passing laws you could kill babies for weeks after birth.
  And people were like, what the hell is this?
  And finally started waking up out of their comas.
  That's really what this is all about.
  The left work for megacorporations that are eugenicists, that don't want us to value human life, don't want us to value our own freedoms, so that none of us will stand up for ourselves, we won't stand together, so we'll all fall.
   Abortion was pushed and passed and Planned Parenthood and all of it by the Rockefellers, by Margaret Sanger, and their express goal was to kill all black people and kill most white people, Hispanics and Asians.
  According to IQ tests that would be administered when children were in elementary school, they actually called, if you go back to Margaret Sanger, for killing young children, even.
  And I can play you newscasts out of the Netherlands and the UK and other places where they will interview a Down Syndrome man and say, did you know you cost society three, four times what other people do in their socialist societies?
  Socialist societies, they can put a value on human life and then devalue it.
  And they say to the Down Syndrome man, shouldn't you just kill yourself?
  Well, once we get rid of the Down Syndrome, folks, and euthanize the old people like Bill Gates wants to do, is that really a world you want to live in?
  Is that a world you really think is a safe place to live?
  We have a little soylent green piece we've been airing for about six, seven years with myself and the great David Knight.
  And David Knight is a great guy, by the way, even though we had to let him go.
  I really admire David Knight, really appreciate him.
  And I do love him, actually.
  But we're going to be airing that piece coming up at the start of the next segment.
   Just to remind you of what this is really all about, because David, And myself and others really, I think, put it well.
  But it's the selling of the baby parts.
  It's the keeping babies alive.
  It is this overarching dehumanization of we go out to these pro-abortion rallies and the majority of the women and men say, I love Satan.
  I love the devil.
  And they've got pentagram tattoos.
  They say, I kill my babies.
  I want to kill more babies.
  This is not a minority of these people.
  This is the majority have converted to Satanism.
  And that is their operating system.
  And there are even national documentaries out by the Satanists themselves, they just came out in the last few years, where they brag that a large portion of Democrats now identify as Satanists.
  And so this is about selfishness.
  It's about devaluing human life.
  And this is a big victory for everybody that protested and spoke out and shared articles and videos and convicted other people's hearts about what was happening.
  This shows in this sea of evil and corruption and collapsing borders and devalued currencies and pedophilia and world government attacks on the family and all of it.
  That humanity is coming back and that the full weight of the reality that we've got to have a turning point where we start reversing course.
  And we're beginning to see this big ship start to turn around.
  The question is, will it be too little, too late?
  Well, it never will be because this life is a test.
  We're eternal beings made by God.
  And what matters is the choice, not even what happens to you physically in the equation of life on this planet temporarily, but what matters spiritually and eternally forever.
  So I want to thank you all for joining us on this very important Friday edition.
  We already have Judge Brown joining us, one of my favorite guests.
  To cover the weaponization of the judiciary more, but now he will be able to get into these big Supreme Court rulings as well.
  Judge Joe Brown is going to be on in the third hour.
  Jacob Ingalls, who helped break and really first expose the guy that almost beat the fraud Governor DeSantis a few years ago, now indicted.
  That's important to have a look at.
  He'll be joining us for 30 minutes at the bottom of the next hour.
   But I intend, and I will, At the bottom of the hour, to give the number out specifically on Roe v. Wade.
  And what do you think of this?
  And what do you think the pitfalls are?
  And what do you think the left's going to do next?
  Vowing violence and vengeance and insurrection all across.
  The United States.
  Open phones on one subject, and that is the Roe v. Wade being overturned, and if you humor me and give me your comment on that, then I'd also like you to add the caveat, or the dessert, and give us your view on the major Second Amendment ruling overturning New York, not letting folks have concealed carry, unless they can give them enough campaign contributions and kiss their ass.
  Oh, sorry, you run a liquor store?
  Sorry, you're a guy that works in your own company overnight at a factory?
  You can't have a gun, but the political ruling class, they can have bodyguards, in many cases, paid for by the citizens.
  So, we're going to fire up the phone system.
  It's not turned on yet.
  We're going to turn the phone system on at the start of the next segment.
  And this will be for first-time callers today.
  I want to hear from you.
  We're going to take a lot of your calls.
  I just want your view on it, and I'm moving to the next person.
  Sometimes I'll let callers stay on four or five minutes, and that's great.
  Today, you get one minute, because I want to load up this phone board, and I want to take your calls.
  Bang, bang, bang.
  And then there's all the other news.
  Man, Joe Biden came out and blamed gas stations for gas prices.
   You know, the Putin thing was a lie, but A small part of the increase was the war, which NATO started.
  But to blame gas stations for the prices?
  When they may be making 20 cents a gallon or something just to keep their doors open?
  That is unbelievable misdirection.
  We'll be right back.
  Aborted babies incinerated to heat UK hospitals.
  Soylent Green, ladies and gentlemen, is made out of people.
  But now, children are literally being passed through the furnace in order to fuel hospitals in the UK.
  They're being sacrificed on the altar of efficiency and prosperity.
  What is the secret of Soylent Green?
  The powdered flesh from dead babies.
  Some people believe they can cure disease.
  Because of its enormous popularity, Soylent Green is in short supply.
  Remember, Tuesday is Soylent Green Day.
  The supply of Soylent Green has been exhausted.
  You must evacuate the area.
  The federal court ruled that the shareholders of PepsiCo, Big Bilderberg Group Company, are not allowed to know what they're using the baby parts for in the flavoring, but we already know.
  So enjoy the flavor!
  We're going to get the real solution, which is going to be a combination of death panels and sales taxes.
  I'm consistently pro-death.
  I'm for assisted suicide.
  I'm for regular suicide.
  I'm for whatever gets the freeway moving.
  ...is spending a million dollars on that last three months of life for that patient, would it be better not to lay off those 10 teachers and to make that trade up in medical costs?
  But that's called the death panel, and you're not supposed to have that discussion.
   They told me to say that they were sorry, but that you had become unreliable.
  
  
  Is this the kind of society that you want to live in?
  Any kind of society that would do this to its children will do it to its senior citizens.
  It will do it to its dissidents.
  That kind of society will also eventually turn on its police, on its army, on its prison guards, on the quizlings and the collaborators who make that possible.
  This is nothing but a suicide cult.
  The scoops are on their way.
  I repeat, the scoops are on their way.
  You will find out why Soylent Green means life.
  You will find out why Soylent Green means death.
  That is my secret name, Soylent Green.
  Silent breed is people!
  Next thing they'll be breeding is like cattle.
  For food.
  You gotta tell them.
  Shockwave says the Drudge Report.
  Roe v. Wade overturned.
  What will be the crazed, demonic left's response?
  Drunk on the blood of children, believing their sacrament may be taken away from them.
  We're taking your calls.
  877-789-2539.
  877-789-Alex.
  Again, 877-789-2539.
  877-789-2539, 877-789-Alex, again 877-789-2539.
  First time callers here in the next segment.
  What is your quick take view on this and where it's going?
  And what comes next?
  A lot of hard work's gone into exposing this.
  We're not there yet, but we're getting close.
  And obviously people will still go to other states to have these abortions, they'll go to other countries.
  But we as a people are rejecting it, and saying we know it's evil, we know it's murder, particularly third trimester, and now trying to keep babies alive, and now kill the old people.
  We see the slippery slope, we know we've gone over the edge of it.
  And there are the arguments they have.
  For early abortions.
  If they were really just doing it because the person's poor or they were raped or whatever.
  But that's the excuse.
  That's very rare.
  It's done because they love death and devaluing humans.
  And so you have to make a choice.
  Do you value human life or do you not?
  This is a big deal.
  This is a very, very big deal.
  And I want to explain something.
  I never judge people that have had abortions.
  I was extremely promiscuous when I was young and did not have any trouble with the ladies.
  And I, though I did not try to get women pregnant, I got a lot of women pregnant.
  And I have been involved in a lot of abortions.
  And a lot of women, I know I got pregnant, had abortions and never really told me about it until later.
  And it's wrong.
   And my dad confronted me when I was about Eighteen years old.
  I just moved out.
  I said, I got a job, but I need some more money.
  And he was like, my God, I just gave you money for an abortion a month ago.
  What is your problem?
  Stop killing my grandchildren.
  I'm like, well, how'd you even know?
  That's why I need money.
  And he was just like, you're out of control.
  You got to stop it.
  And my heart really got convicted about that.
  And I was.
   Actually celibate for several years and really launched my operations
   After that and as soon as I stopped just chasing women around every day at all times basically
   then My mission basically
   Materialized in front of me and that was the beginning of so many great things and I've got four wonderful children
   today And I look at my children. I love them more than life
   itself I would die for them in a second and I just imagine all
   those children I threw away and so I'm not judging people who believed it
   wasn't really a human and believe It was a blob of tissue and believed. It was just a choice
   like I did 
  God will forgive you, just say you're sorry and you were wrong and a huge weight will be lifted off of you.
  But if you harden your heart and say, I don't care, I'm gonna keep doing it, you will be turned over to evil.
  And the people that are involved in abortion are turned over to evil, ladies and gentlemen.
  And you see the satanic fruits of what they do.
  Euthanasia, keeping babies alive, selling their organs.
  I told Joe Rogan about that four years ago in studio, it became a big national story.
  People went and looked into it and found it was true.
  Of course it was true.
  And now that's come out and convicted everybody's hearts and America is saying no to being part of this.
  And it is a beautiful, beautiful, beautiful thing that has happened.
   Now obviously the timing of this We'll energize the left for these elections.
  And the left's going to engage in a lot of violence.
  And I would imagine, if I was them, thinking of their evil processes, I've got them dead to rights, I've got their number, they'll stage some false flags now.
   Bombings, mass shootings, and abortion clinics to blame on us and to try to legitimize their culture of death and what they're doing and their armies of their, you know, pedo-masked antifa running around Working for the big banks, working for the eugenicists, working for the establishment.
  So the fight is far from over, but there is a fight happening.
  And we're not just rolling over and letting these monsters continue to kill our unborn and our born and our old folks.
  That's the good news.
  The bad news is the globalists know they're losing the fight in America to disarm us.
  They know they're losing the fight against abortion, child murder, and so they've just moved on to the poison vaccines to depopulate us, and the GMO, and the nanotech, and the food, and all the stuff that's happening, the 5G on that front.
   So while we're battling this fight, While we're in this war, which is important, realize they've already moved on to other forms of attack.
  We need to be fully aware of all of that and we have that news and information as well.
  But your phone calls, Paul, Corey, Adrian, Will, Paul, and many others, your calls are coming up on the other side of this break, separately.
  I'm going to hit this before we go to calls.
  Biden is given a script, and there's actual photos of this that came out a year ago, but now they have HD of it, of the script he's given.
  Walk in, sit down, say this, do that, like he's a trained seal or a trained dog.
  I mean, that's what this is.
  You talk about pump, but this is it.
  But he has now done something that takes the cake.
   And remember, he's being given this to say that it's the gas stations fault
  that gas prices are like this.
  And they're playing on ignorance of the general population.
   They think that people don't know how this works at gas stations.
  But I actually know people that own gas stations.
  I've had family that own gas stations in East Texas.
  I know the business.
  And for those that don't know, I'm going to give you a little secret.
  Most gas stations lose money on gas, but that's how they get you in the convenience store to buy food and drinks and things like that.
  You know, hot dogs, pizza, whatever.
  So this is a giant lie.
  We'll cover that straight ahead.
  Stay with us.
  Well, Maxine Waters called for people to be confronted in gas stations, grocery stores, restaurants.
  And then when conservatives do it politely, they call us terrorists.
  Well, now she's out in front of the Supreme Court calling for people to hit the streets.
  Ladies and gentlemen, here she is.
  You ain't seen nothing yet.
  Women are going to control their bodies no matter how they try and stop us.
  The hell with the Supreme Court.
  We will defy them.
  Women will be in control of their bodies.
  And if they think black women are intimidated or afraid, they got another thought coming.
  Black women will be out here.
  That's right, we'll kill as many black people as we can.
  Because we're so pro-black.
  Unbelievable mind control.
  We fight by the right to control our own bodies.
  Thank you.
  Hello everybody!
  That's right, we'll kill as many black people as we can.
  Because we're so pro-black.
  Unbelievable mind control.
   And you're going to keep the babies alive too and sell their organs.
   We're going to take every effort and try everything we can to...
  Women are not fighting alone.
  There are men who have wives and daughters.
  There are men who respect women.
  And there will be men in this fight with women.
  This is not over.
  It's just the genesis of a new beginning.
  Look at that kook out there wearing his mask.
  What a cult of freakazoids.
  Oh, they murder us with these poison shots.
  All right, I'm gonna go to your phone calls, but first I want to hit this.
  Biden reads off a teleprompter.
  Biden is given a script.
  It came out his first weeks in office a year and a half ago.
  He would wave papers around.
  People could freeze it and see he was being told everything to do.
  Well, there's new papers out.
  We've got some images of those where it shows specifically what he's told to do like he's a dog.
  You take your seat.
  This very specific cheat sheet reminds Biden how to act and how to stay awake.
  And here's the cheat sheet.
  He's so dumb, he holds it up for everybody.
  And it goes in to say, you enter the Roosevelt Room and say, hello.
  You take your seat.
  Press enters.
  You give brief comments and it just goes on.
  Press departs.
  I mean, you talk about mind control, so everything coming out of his mouth is a pre-scripted thing.
  This is the definition of a puppet.
  I mean, he is literally a dementia-addled, riddled creature, and so when he says this stuff, this is not a gaffe.
  This is what he's told to say.
  So now he says, I'm really upset about gas prices, and he points his finger at the camera, we'll play the clip in a moment, and he says, gas stations, you did this, you will cut prices!
  Now for anybody that doesn't know about this, it's easy to look up.
   You just type in, most gas stations lose money on gas by the time they pay for the regulations and the tanks and the maintenance and all of it, on average, They make about 25 cents a gallon.
  It's very competitive.
  Now, during hurricanes with some gas shortages sometimes, stations will be caught charging of those lines way more.
  Maybe they're making a dollar a gallon instead of, you know, 15 cents a gallon.
  But we're talking about people gassing up their cars with 20 gallons, and maybe they make three, four dollars.
  I mean, do you understand that, until recently, a gallon of gas was cheaper than a gallon of water?
  Because the U.S.
  was one of the top oil producers in the world.
  It was number one under Trump, now it's number four, number three.
  But then how do you look at the numbers?
  So, imagine, they've already suspended in most states the gas tax.
  And it's still at $5 a gallon on average.
  It's like $8 a gallon in California and other areas.
  $6 a gallon in places like Hawaii.
  But it's a $5 national average because he shut off thousands of pipelines, the big Keystone Pipeline, when it was already completed.
  He cut all of the drilling permits.
  He killed drilling in Anwar, Alaska.
  Killed drilling in the Gulf of Mexico, which just means Venezuela and China and everybody else just comes and drills it.
  And then we buy it from Venezuela.
  We buy it from other countries.
  So for him to be the author or the front man of this and to come out and blame gas stations shows you a window into the minds of the controllers that they think the public's so stupid that they want to first misdirect and say Putin did it, but even the Federal Reserve admits that's not the case, and now it's the gas station.
  Gas stations make their money on cigarettes, and lottery tickets, and chewing tobacco, and Hot Pockets, and honey buns, and coffee, and Gatorade, and Coca-Cola, and aspirin, and lighters, and ice cream, and potato chips, and magazines.
  Everybody knows that is the bottom line.
  And so, gas stations couldn't operate just selling gas.
  That's why, you ever see places just sell gas?
  You don't see that anymore.
  You know, you can be in small towns that got like 80-year-old gas stations, and they don't even have an office to sell stuff, and they're usually closed.
  You can drive all through the United States and see old shut-down gas stations.
  They have that little bitty office, a little bitty place, where maybe they sold cigarettes and oil.
   Those places are out of business, because you can't run a business In the gas station business, the convenience store business, off gasoline.
  You will go bankrupt before you ever start.
  And here's the President of the United States with his controllers loading up in his notes and his teleprompter to tell you and to tell me that I'm ordering you right now to lower gas prices when his policies are the direct cause of every stinking bit of the increase.
  Unbelievable!
  Absolutely incredible.
  Yeah, there's NBC News.
  Station owners make most of their profits in the stores and sales of food and drinks, as well as alcohol, where sales are legal.
  That's a known fact, but they think you're so stupid that they're now going with that in the news.
  Well, he's right.
  It's the gas stations.
  He tried to blame the oil companies last week.
  And there is some evidence that since increased prices went up and inflation, they have now started charging about 10% more than they should.
  But if you do the actuaries, I'm not defending oil companies, but they know the price is going up in the future, so they're adding that in for the future cost of delivery of goods.
  So, no ladies and gentlemen, when Trump told oil companies to lower prices, when Trump, they said, yes sir, let us increase output and it plunged.
  Because the president has power when he's not a puppet.
  Biden could be directing all this.
  I'm going to go to break and take your calls, but here is Biden and the biggest lie ever.
  The companies running gas stations and setting those prices at the pump.
  This is a time of war, global peril, Ukraine.
  These are not normal times.
  Bring down the price you are charging at the pump to reflect the cost you are paying for the product.
  Do it now.
  Do it today.
  Your customers, the American people, they need relief now.
  So let me summarize.
  So he can flip a switch and say we're now pro-energy like Trump did, and go from being the third biggest producer to number one overnight.
  Just flip a switch.
  The oil companies and the wildcatters and our people can do it like that.
  The infrastructure's still there, though it's falling apart.
  I've talked to a lot of people that work in the oil fields and the refineries.
  They say if things continue for another year, they won't be able to up capacity for a decade.
  But it's still in place right now.
  Within months, they could lower gas prices.
  He is in direct control of those levers.
  And he blames the gas stations.
  I mean, that is, that is just so insulting.
  And he sits there all sanctimonious like he cares, but you know there's probably 20% of people, that's what really vote for Democrats, they stay in power by election Friday, everybody knows that, it's all come out.
  But there's about 20-25% of people that would believe the moon was made out of pistachio ice cream, if he told them so.
  They would believe anything.
  And they're like, yeah, it's the gas stations!
  They're the ones!
  They're the reason the price went up!
  Not that he blocked the drilling and the refining and the delivery of the stuff.
  Man, these people are sick.
  We told you it was all coming three years ago.
  Your calls are straight ahead.
  InfoWars.com.
  Tomorrow's news today.
  Here's AOC running around like a chicken with her head cut off in front of the Supreme Court building, wanting the blood of those babies.
  Big article on Infowars.com.
  Thread, liberals triggered, more black children will be born in America following SCOTUS abortion ruling.
  here is AOC.
  
  They're having so much fun.
  It's so fun.
  They got to live.
  Nobody killed them.
  Now they want to bully all those unborn babies.
  I'm going to go to your phone calls and I'm going to say this here real quick to everybody.
  We can't operate without your funding.
  Plus, we've got great products you need.
  We were almost sold out of all the original t-shirts that will never be made again.
  More than 100 designs.
  We're down to like 5,000 shirts of all the classics that will never be made again at infowarestore.com.
  And then we have two shirts.
  The regular shirt that's already great fabric, great design.
  I thought, is this the designer shirt?
  When they came in, they said, no, that's the regular shirt that costs like $10 a shirt.
  Then we have the designer shirt, costs us like $18 a shirt.
  It's like super designer, super nice for men and women.
  Alex Jones was right.
  Infowars.com on the back.
  Those are great shirts.
  What an adventure to wear it out in public.
  You'll meet a lot of great people.
  You also, in leftist areas, might get physically attacked.
  But you can get the shirt at infowarsstore.com.
  Got some other big sales that I've been so busy we haven't ended, but it's got to end today because I think they have like 100 bottles left.
   of one of the products in the four pack ultimate immune system booster with four of our best
   selling products to boost your immune system for 60% off, 50% off for three of those products
  that are effective special and then 40% off X2 at InfoWarshaw.com.
   And then separately we have PrepareToday.com that is run by the great folks at MyPatriot
   that is the full spectrum of all their products at the lowest prices with hundreds of other
   great preparedness items at incredibly low prices that then fund our operations.
  If you're looking for storable food that's in stock, ready to ship within days of you ordering, if not the day you order it, some days it goes out that day, go to preparetoday.com and then they're a great sponsor to keep InfoWars and this broadcast on air.
   And with food shortages and all the global crises and inflation, I told you all this was coming.
  You don't need me to tell you now.
  It's here.
  It's only going to get worse, ladies and gentlemen.
  You need to get prepared and take that off your preparedness checklist.
  To get high quality, sorable food, the place to do it is preparetoday.com or preparewithalex.com.
  Takes you to the exact same site, preparetoday.com.
  And thank you all for your support and keeping us on the air.
  It is amazing.
  Okay.
  A lot of the crazy clips, but let's go to your phone calls.
   We've got A lot of folks holding here.
  We're taking calls in the order they're received.
  Your response to Roe v. Wade ruling by the Supreme Court.
  Paul, give us your take on this historic decision.
  
  You want to give us your take on this?
  All right.
  Thank you, Paul.
  Appreciate that.
  All right.
  Let's go ahead and take another call.
  Let's go to Adrian in Missouri.
  Adrian, you're on the air.
  Hi Alex, thank you for taking my call.
  How are you?
  I'm good, thank you for being here.
  What's your view on this historic decision?
  Well, I never thought this day would come.
  I never thought I would see it, even after the leak.
  But we as believers must continue to recognize that God is fully in control of this world.
   And if we believe That he is in control, then we need to abandon the evil.
  We need to abandon the sickness that's taken over this country and get back to God.
  Because God will change his mind and give us a reprieve.
  We just have to recognize who's in control.
  These people that practice this evil that's called abortion, they've done this now freely for 40 years.
  Long before I even knew what it was, they've been practicing this evil.
  And it's time now for God to take back what His life has asked us to do.
  Well, that's right.
  And even though this won't stop this overnight, it's our vote and a symbol that our government is going in the right direction.
  And look how cursed we are under this evil.
  We will begin to be blessed as soon as we begin to make the right decisions and reverse this.
  Exactly.
  And I'm so thankful that this is just one step.
  It's not the end all of everything, but it's one major step.
  Thanks be to God that we may get a reprieve if we just continue to go back to God.
  Thank you for taking my call, Alex.
  I appreciate everything you do.
  Let's keep the fight, because we are at war.
  And a lot of people don't realize we're at war, or they don't care.
  But we have been at war for a long time, and you've been at the front.
  Thank you so much for everything.
  God bless you and your beautiful words, man.
  We love you.
  Thank you so much, Adrian, for being part of the InfoWars family.
  We love you.
  Let's go ahead and just go in the order they're received here.
  Let's go ahead and talk to Will in Texas responding to this historic event.
  What do you think is happening?
  Hey Alex, thanks a lot.
  First time, long time.
  Big fan.
  I think this whole notion or endeavor of trying to legislate abortion is a colossal waste of time.
  We're never going to agree.
  You know, there's always political implications.
  There's caveats on both sides, one way or the other.
  It's a colossal waste of time, so how do we deal with that in lieu of abandoning the whole notion of abortion, yay or nay?
  We need to collectively draw a line in the sand when that baby takes on civil rights.
  So then if that baby's touched, molested, or done anything outside of that timeline, then the existing laws on the books apply to that baby.
  Well, I get part of what you're saying, but maybe extrapolated or quantified for me, so I get fully what you're saying.
  Here's what I'm getting at.
  The people running the abortion operation are anti-human eugenicists.
  I'm not saying everybody that's been part of abortions are bad, they've been deceived.
  The whole move to dehumanize and devalue life is the entire globalist agenda.
  So I see this as a very positive move.
  I think what you're saying is humans should decide to protect children and protect the weak regardless.
  And as a culture we should be good enough and informed enough to not make bad decisions and then abortion would be obsolete by freedom of choice.
  And that's where I'd like to see this going.
  That's why we're seeing this beginning of the reversal, because all the polls and statistics show people have had their hearts convicted.
  I want to read a quote to you from the Bible, if we can put that back on screen.
   This is a very, very important quote, and of course there's a longer quote in context that's even more important from the Bible, but, "...if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then I will I'm 100% with you, Alex.
  I'm 100% pro-life.
  But the fact of the matter is that we're not going to agree on it.
  And, you know, there's always going to be caveats.
   with you Alex, I'm 100% pro-life, but the fact of the matter is that we're not going
  to agree on it.
   And, you know, there's always going to be caveats, let's say health implications, incest,
  or rape, and if you make it...
   Sure, but they're trying to say kill babies after they're born.
  That's why this is being rolled back, because people now know it's not just gay marriage.
  You know, the left wants to sexualize our children at age four.
  It's like people get now, the more you give them, the more they want.
  Right.
  That's why I'm saying, draw a line in the sand, whether that be the third trimester, halfway through pregnancy, whatever it may be, and say, okay, this baby now accepts civil rights.
   So if a doctor or anybody molests or kills or does anything to that baby, The existing laws that we have on the books like murder, manslaughter... You're saying, you're saying that it, you know, declare third trimester it's a human, declare it has human rights at that point.
  I hear what you're saying.
  God bless you.
  I appreciate your call.
  I mean, I'll take any victory we can get.
  And I get all the arguments for abortion.
  Believe me.
  I mean, I've been Mr. Abortion.
  And I love the left always on national news shows.
  They've done a bunch of them.
  Jones is a hypocrite.
  He's anti-abortion but admits he's had them.
  That's like saying, if I committed a murder and went to prison for 10 years and got out and was reformed, and I said murder's wrong, and they go, but you murdered somebody.
  You can't say murder's wrong.
  I have murdered my children.
  I was deluded.
  I didn't know what I was doing, but I repent and I admit it.
  And the left goes, why would he tell his audience of pro-life people he committed this act if he thinks it's bad?
  Because I'm not like you people on the left saying how you have the moral high ground, you're all perfect.
  I want people that have had abortions to know they can be forgiven.
  I want them to know that I'm not judging them.
  What matters is the heart.
  God judges the heart.
  And I want them to take the right choice and repent and be forgiven and have that weight lifted off of them.
  That's why I tell the story.
  Not because it makes me look good, it makes me look bad.
  But it's the truth!
  And that's what God wants, is us to admit what we've done.
  Okay?
  It's that simple.
  Best thing I ever did was admitting I killed my children, and the whole world opened up to me after I did that.
  Stop lying to yourselves.
  All right, hour number two, your phone calls.
  Judge Joe Brown and so much more coming up today on this powerful, historic Friday broadcast.
  Hour number two, only two minutes away.
  Stay with us.
  All you have to do is check out what I'm saying, and that's why they run the fake headline against myself and Tucker Carlson everywhere, every day.
  Jones admits he's an actor.
  Or Tucker Carlson says nobody would take me seriously.
  Where do we say that?
  We never said that.
  They just say we said that.
  But where's the clip?
  Where's the article?
  Where do we say that?
  It doesn't exist.
  Alex Jones is playing a character and is a performance artist.
  Jones is playing a character on his radio show.
  The radio rants of Alex Jones are just an act.
  He's actually a performance artist.
  He's a performance artist.
  Alex Jones is a fake.
  They're lying to you because they think you're stupid.
  And it's all based on the custody battle with my ex-wife five years ago.
  And she was trying to put into evidence me dressed up more than a decade before, like the Joker, being sarcastic, saying, take your Prozac, kids.
  Take your illegal drugs, too.
  You'll die.
  It's fun.
  So people wouldn't take drugs.
  And they wanted to enter that in evidence and say, look, he's insane telling kids to use drugs.
  And my lawyer went, when Jack Nicholson plays the part of the Joker, no one thinks that's really Jack Nicholson.
  So yeah, when I've been Cobra Commander.
  Hail Cobra!
  Or Optimus Prime.
  Autobots, let's roll!
  Or the Joker, because I can do imitations of them all really good.
  Or Darth Vader.
  Don't act so surprised, globalist.
  You didn't think you could silence the American people, did you?
  Do I really think I'm Barth Vader?
  No.
  Do I think I'm Optimus Prime?
  Bubble Commander?
  The Joker?
  No.
  And clearly, no reasonable person would think when I'm doing satire that what I'm saying is what I really think.
  No one believes the Babylon Bee.
  It's not trying to lie to you, it's being sarcastic.
  Buy the Vaccinate Me Elmo doll today.
  It's required by the CDC.
  But they play those games.
  And that's why I don't joke around as much as I used to.
  Even though I tell people, okay, this is a joke, this isn't serious, they clip it out, and they say, no, this is what he really believes.
  Every day when I leave work, I do this.
  That man's a threat to this country.
  And they go, look, he admitted in court he's an actor.
  Well, yeah, I was an actor in Scanner Darkly.
  I was an actor in Waking Life.
  I was an actor when I was Cobra Commander.
  But it doesn't mean that Alex Jones, the talk show host, up here reading news articles to you isn't a real thing and isn't something I'm actually saying.
  And you know that!
  You're insulted right now.
  I'm even explaining that to you.
  And so am I. But that's who these people are.
  You don't know the power of the dark side.
  Am I really Darth Vader?
  I think Alex Jones seems really talented.
  He's smart.
  He's funny as hell.
  He's truly funny.
  I'm kind of retarded.
  The latest tragedy, sudden adult death syndrome?
  No, that's a real thing.
  That's something happening in the real world.
  And that's what we're breaking down here today.
  I am Alex Jones.
  And I am the guy on this show every day.
  I am an American.
   And that's what I promote is freedom and justice and liberty and they can't stand it.
  Pesky earth creatures.
  Phone calls are coming up, folks.
  Stay with us.
  The answer to 1984 is 1776.
  InfoWars has been banned.
  
  Arrested.
  Attacked and threatened.
  Because we are effective.
  The Great Awakening is here.
  Go to band.video.
  Download the videos and share.
  Support the Information War at infowarestore.com.
  And never... And never give up the fight.
  Never!
  I'm not going to do it.
  If you have a problem and need a smelly group of commie devil worshippers, maybe you can call the A-Team.
  How many did I assault?
  I kill my kids!
  Hey, we saw your Facebook with your communist hammer and sickle.
  That's pretty cool, man.
  Is that you on the Facebook?
  Is there a Facebook page of you with a hammer and sickle?
  I don't think so.
  How do you get your abortions paid for?
  I pay for them.
  Really?
  How many do you pay for them?
  Upwards of 50.
  Really?
  How do you get your abortions paid for?
  I pay for them.
  I thought you said three.
  How many do you pay for them?
  Upwards of 50.
  Really?
  Oh yeah.
  F*** you, you piece of s***!
  Bunch of misogynist mother shit!
  Take your male privilege somewhere else!
  Tyler, you're being aggressive.
  I'm being aggressive?
  Come on, nuts!
  Scuse us!
  Wow!
  Watch out!
  These, that's the guys that attacked Alex Jones.
  From the frontlines of the Pro-Life War.
   From the front lines of the Information War, it's Alex Jones.
  
  
  
   All this pain, all this suffering, all this screaming and crying on the left over their sacrament,
   the murder of unborn babies and now born babies potentially being taken away from them.
  We're taking your phone calls, moving quickly through your calls.
  Judge Joe Brown and others join us in the next hour to lay out how historic these events are and what they believe is coming next.
  But right now, let's continue in the order the calls are received.
  Paul, in the great state of Michigan, you're on the air.
  Hey Alex, we've taken the beach, this is the victory, and now it's time to move on through the mainland.
  So you could pick this apart anyway, but it's raising awareness.
  It's raising awareness.
  You agree with me, right?
  I think the analogy of landing at Normandy is perfect.
  We're now on the beach, the real fight starts now.
  Thank you.
  Now Alex, I have to tell you quickly, if I could indulge, you've inspired people in so many ways, including myself.
  And one of the things that you did is you said to pick a cause, to pick something to battle these globalists.
  And my cause, being in music over the last six or seven years, was to create a song that came to me directly from God.
  And this is how we're connected, Alex, spiritually.
  No, you're right.
  It is divine inspiration and is our secret weapon.
  I have a tattoo I'm looking at on my arm right now that says Divine Inspiration.
  How incredible, how synchronistic is that?
  But Alex, this song came to me called Dear Mom, and I didn't know what it meant, but wrote it, created it.
  Listen, Alex, when we test this song, 15 seconds in... Say the name of the song again slowly.
  Okay, Dear Mom.
  Dear Mom, okay.
  If you could find, if you could put a link on, it would be fantastic.
  Thousands of people have seen it, but this is how we're connected.
  When you interviewed John Henry Weston, I connected with him.
  And through LifeSite News, he invested in a motion picture type video that goes along with the song.
  That's right.
  In fact, I want to get John Henry that heads up LifeSite News back on today or Sunday.
  We're trying to get him on right now to respond to all this.
  I'm sure he's very, very busy.
  But tell me where we find the song, because I get Dear Mom's the name of the song.
  Where do we find it?
  Is that the headline?
  Where do I find it?
  Yes, just, uh, there's no profiteering.
  I don't care, just where's the song?
  Alright, YouTube, just on the search bar.
  Can I give you my last name or would you rather not have it?
  Sure, go ahead.
  Just, how do we, what I care about... Okay, Paul, Paul... Just hold on a second.
  When people call in, they try to give long URLs, they talk all day about their song.
  You need to say, here it is, it's important, I hope people share it, it was inspired by God, and then tell us where it's at in the name of it.
  So just tell me where it's at.
  It's on YouTube, the name is Dear Mom?
  Dear Mom, Paul Lubansky, L-U-B-A-N-S-K-Y.
  I love talking to you, gotta jump, gotta get to everybody else.
  Craig in Alabama.
  Craig, thank you, go ahead.
  Hey Alex, how you doing?
  Good brother, go ahead.
  Uh, yeah, I'll tell him I wrote this as well.
  I think it's a great thing.
  But it's going to be interesting.
  They're going to have the fiery, peaceful protest going on this afternoon that we can all look forward to.
  That's right.
  They burn down half the country.
  It'll be mostly peaceful.
  But if somebody poops in Pelosi's office, it's the end of the world and worse than Pearl Harbor.
  Remember, Schumer and all of them said worse than Pearl Harbor, worse than 9-11.
  Them killing a couple patriots and a cop having a heart attack three days later, they call that the biggest event in U.S.
  history.
  What gaslighting crap is that?
  It's almost as ridiculous as Biden blaming gas stations for gas prices.
  It's preposterous.
  It is, but a lot of people believe it.
  Uh, but yeah, you know, the Satanic Temple is, you know, I think they fought a lawsuit against their abortion ritual, so we get to look forward to that.
  Well, no, they said it's their religious sacrament to kill babies.
  Right, so anybody against it must be with the Satan.
  So, we'll just see how it all rolls out.
  Absolutely, so what do you think is going to come out of this?
   I think there's a lot of riots, and it's going to be back and forth, back and forth, but I think overturning is a great thing, but You're going to have the other leftists come out and do their thing.
  Well, these demons are over their quarry.
  They're over the babies they want to murder.
  And they've got all these demonic women under a trance, sitting there just hailing and howling and demanding more blood.
  So this is definitely bringing evil out in the open.
  Thank you so much for the call, Craig.
  Let's go ahead and talk to Beth in Wisconsin, then Thumper.
  Beth, thanks for holding.
  Go ahead.
  Well, Alex, I'm calling from the great state of Wisconsin.
  Because a darkness has lifted here.
  News outlets are reporting that within the last hour, Planned Parenthood of Wisconsin has ceased all abortions.
  Wow.
  It's because of an 1849 law that's been on the books, but it was nullified by Roe v. Wade.
  But now that's been overturned, it has gone back to being an abortion-free state.
  That's right, and God cares about the heart.
  It doesn't matter that we haven't totally stopped it yet.
  We're trying, and then God will take us the rest of the way.
  I've seen this in my life thousands of times.
  Do the right thing, fight hard, and God will take us the rest of the way.
  And you're right, this is a big victory, and God's watching.
  Amen, Alex.
  And one more thing.
  I just wanted you to know that I do pray for you.
  And like a year and a half ago, I was praying because now I know occasionally you go on one of these rants.
  I just asked the Lord, like, should I be listening to this?
  I mean, I'm a real conservative lady.
  I teach Sunday school, and, you know, should I be listening to that?
  And so I asked the Lord, and he said, Beth, not everybody is a 50-plus-year-old Sunday school teacher, that I need warriors, and Alex is a warrior.
  And he said, nobody fights for Alex like the... Nobody fights for the babies.
  Nobody fights for my children like Alex.
  So I continue to pray for you, support you, and I just wanted you to know that.
  You bring tears to my eyes, I want you to know this Beth, I'm a real person, I don't put on acts, and I am a fallen evil person.
  I love God, my heart's right, but I haven't like, you know, had my best friend killed so I could have his wife like King David did, and he repented.
  But I am a savage killer.
  I am a wild man, and I get out of control, especially when I do nighttime shows and I'm exhausted, and then later I see it and I think it's horrible and it's terrible, but it's real and I'm influenced by the flesh and everything else, but you're right.
  I love God and I'm trying as hard as I can, so just forgive me when I get out of control.
  Believe me, I pray every morning.
  That I will not be a jerk to my family?
  That I will not be a jerk to my crew?
  That I will not beat the hell out of somebody that gets in my face on the street?
  And so, just keep praying that I be given peace, and I appreciate you.
  God bless you.
  Alright, we gotta go to break, but it's totally true, ladies and gentlemen.
  You study history, and you study the Bible.
  God, normally, Christ was different because that was God's Son.
   God raises up people That are John the Baptist, Moses, I'm not comparing myself to that, but these people were killers.
  And the point is, God is not looking for wimps to be the tip of the spear.
  And I'm not claiming that I've got all the answers or I'm perfect, but I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, I have felt the power of the spiritual world.
  I have had the power of Satan, and then I was able to reject it before it took me over, and I've had the power of God.
  I've experienced both.
  And so I've almost pushed Satan out of my life, 95%.
  That 5% is bad though.
  I got a big old satanic...
  Streak right down my back, folks.
  And so do you.
  We'll be right back.
  We will hit bottom.
  We will come back up for air.
  And is June 24th, 2022, the day we hit bottom?
  I think you can say it is, ladies and gentlemen.
  We're coming back up now.
  It's going to be hard.
  It's going to be painful.
  But in the end, we're going to stand for our unborn.
  We're going to stand for our old people.
  We're going to stand for our poor people.
  We're going to build prosperity.
  We're going to build a godly system.
  We're going to defeat the market of beasts.
  But we're going to go through hell first.
  Let's continue on your phone calls, ladies and gentlemen.
  Let's talk to Thumper in Michigan.
  Thumper, thanks for calling.
  Go ahead.
  Yeah, I was calling in just, I'm going to take an opposite side.
  I'm going to say this was done on purpose to turn the women out like hornets for the next vote to try to keep power of the house.
  I think California is corporate owned, UN owned, and that what they're going to do is make abortions free.
  They'll fly the women out, plus they can stall the pregnant women so they can get older fetuses.
  Fly them out to California, and they already have the women's clinic set up with the anchor baby thing.
  And they'll fly them out there, and then they can make a streamline or pipeline directly for organ donations from them older fetuses.
  You are completely correct that is their plan B. But they did not want the Supreme Court to say this and hand it back to the states.
  But you're right.
  They're going to continue to try to change up the paradigm.
  But what was the Supreme Court supposed to do then?
  Not, not, not, not overturn Roe v. Wade?
  I mean, obviously it was weighted.
  I'm not saying all the justices were part of it, but obviously they waited until now.
  It came out last year, they had the votes, and Chief Justice Roberts blocked it.
  So I think, I don't think we know that you're right, you're absolutely right, Thumper, that they waited, and he controlled this and held it up as long as he could for the election.
  You're right.
  But that's them trying to make lemonade out of lemons.
  Right, but what they're going to do is vilify the right and say, oh, it's all these religions, because you've got to remember the UN wants one world religion.
  I hear you.
  So what I'm saying is the hearts are convicted of the people.
  Young people are almost 80% anti-abortion now.
  We're winning hearts and minds, and that's what matters.
  We reach enough people to not be part of this, to realize it's the lives they're killing.
  It won't matter how many Planned Parenthoods they've got.
  People won't kill their children.
  Does that make sense?
  Yes, but what I want you to do is keep hammering that they're playing women for fools, and that women, you know, they're emotional, but they're not seeing with the U.N.
  you're going to give up property rights, you know, your birthright, everything.
  That's right.
  Oh, you've got a right to kill your kid, but you have a right to nothing else.
  You'll own nothing, you'll have nothing, you'll eat bugs.
  Yes.
  The way of the new world order is death and destruction.
  Thank you so much, Thumper.
  All right, up next, Josh in FEMA Region 3.
  You're on the air worldwide.
  Alex, it's an honor to talk to you.
  Yes, sir.
  Real quick, I just want to plug X2.
  Man, I've been taking it for the last month and a half.
  It's made amazing changes.
  I started dreaming again.
  It's just, it's amazing.
  Let's spend a little bit more time on that because most people are iodine deficient.
  Even the UN admits 2 plus billion have cognitive disabilities and health problems from lack of iodine.
  Most iodine is not in the soil or it's bound to other elements so it's not absorbable.
  This is pure medical grade iodine, the highest quality anywhere.
  X2, unbelievable for your immune system, your libido, your body.
  It is critical to life.
  X2 is incredible.
  You're saying you're dreaming again?
  What else has happened with X2?
  It's just, I just feel better.
  Like, it's hard to explain.
  I feel like I'm more hydrated.
  I'm a roofer.
  It normally takes a lot of water to stay hydrated for me.
  It feels like I'm retaining water better.
  Like I said, I started dreaming again.
  I haven't had a dream in 15 years.
   and in two weeks after taking it, I was starting to dream every single night.
   Well, this isn't some new age thing. They just piggyback on it.
   The pineal gland gets filled with fluoride and that's the third eye, literally.
   It's connected to higher dreaming, higher consciousness medically, and then
   obviously the ancients said connected to spiritual connection.
   And when it gets filled with fluoride and bromide and bromine, all the bad allergens,
   then people don't dream and they don't have higher consciousness statistically.
  But real iodine goes through and just burns all that out.
  It doesn't just get in there, it removes the bad stuff in the major studies.
  That's why everybody should get X2.
  We have a limited supply of it at InfoWarsTore.com.
  It is, ladies and gentlemen, 40% off right now, though it's about to sell out.
  Get your X2 at InfoWarsTore.com.
  Takes about 15 days to kick in.
  InfoWarsTore.com X2.
  What else do you want to say about abortion, sir?
  Just that this is a small victory in a major war.
  That now we have to turn our focus to the states and start putting representatives in place to continue this battle and not just celebrate because it's really time to double down.
  I totally agree and God bless you.
  I am completely doubled down.
  I mean all their persecution, all their attacks has just made us stronger.
  If they hadn't done all this stuff to me I would have been complacent.
  But the fact that they have assaulted me and my family and lied about us and tried to destroy us and done things I won't mention on air that are just so horrible because it gives them pleasure.
  I'm not going to talk about it.
  That persecution is a sign of we're over the target.
  All right, up next here, who's been holding the longest now?
  Pretty good job taking calls, aren't we?
  Tanner in the great state of Texas.
  Tanner, you're on the air.
  Welcome.
  Man, y'all are doing really good on call today.
   Look, whether the Roe v. Wade decision was organic, or orchestrated, it provides people a choice.
  Serve evil or serve God.
  It gets us back on track.
  Exactly!
  Thank God you called, Tanner.
  I want you to continue.
  I'm not going to interrupt you more, but God says you're either hot or cold.
  Do not be lukewarm.
  I'll spit you out of my mouth.
  It makes it a very clear demarcation line and gets the war out in the open.
  This is a good thing.
  That's exactly right.
  So you have a choice.
  Serve evil or serve life.
  It's not over.
  This war is not over.
  It is just beginning.
  So everyone's got to double down.
  This is going to get a lot worse before it gets better.
  They're going to take the economy, they're going to do everything else.
  Second part to this, look, the Supreme Court decision is great.
  I am a convicted felon.
  A non-violent, non-firearm, non-drug related crime.
  And I am forced to not be able to defend my life.
  So my life has no value according to the United States government now.
  I'm a former first responder of six years, and I lost everything.
  But I'm still trying to hold strong in the way God wants me to be.
  And I recognize the crime that I committed was wrong, but I didn't know what I was doing.
  This is a long story.
  I didn't know what I was doing.
  I pissed the ATF off.
  And here we are.
  So I'm telling everybody.
  There's millions of innocent people because they're unconstitutional.
  You shouldn't say you admit you were wrong.
  If you didn't commit a violent act with a gun and they got you on some fake gun law you didn't know was there, it's like saying, you know, in 1850 the Supreme Court said black people weren't human and some black stood up and said, I am a human, I got rights.
  The black person was right, not the Supreme Court.
  And so, it doesn't matter if the system says you're bad because you had a gun.
  It's a victimless crime.
  It's BS, brother.
  I'll humble myself before God and I will tell everyone this.
  Get ready.
  They will come for you because you are righteous and you stand on the right side of God.
  Everyone better get ready.
  That's right.
  Everybody should get ready.
  That's the theme of this broadcast.
  Thank you, Tanner.
  All right, here's the deal.
  We got loaded phone lines, and I will intend to get to everybody.
  Judge Joe Brown's coming up in 30 minutes, but we have a very special guest who broke the story about Andrew Gillum and the drug-fueled gay orgies.
  And we're not attacking him because he's gay.
  We're attacking him because he was compromised and blackmailed, and now this has come out.
  Imagine having him instead of the Santas.
  
  You see this turnout here?
  You ain't seen nothing yet.
  Women are going to control their bodies no matter how they try to stop us.
  The hell with the Supreme Court.
  We will defy them.
  Women will be in control of their bodies.
  And if they think black women are intimidated or afraid, they got another thought coming.
   Black women will be out In droves.
  We will be out by the thousands.
  We will be out by the millions.
  We're going to make sure we fight by the right to control our own bodies.
  Thank you.
  Hello, everybody!
  Hello, young girls!
  We're fighting for you.
  I don't know what's happening in the United States, but we're going to take every effort and try everything we can.
  Alright, Jacob Ingalls has been highly persecuted and banned and de-platformed when in the middle of the big DeSantis fight to become governor a few years ago.
  Imagine if we didn't have DeSantis as governor to show us how great he was.
  He exposed, he was critical in exposing at CentralFloridaPost.com what was really going on with the Florida gubernatorial candidate who almost won by fraud, Andrew Gillum, who's now been hit with a federal indictment.
  So Jacob Ingalls, we really appreciate you joining us at Judge Joe Brown next hour to talk about this, because it's not just old news.
  This shows what the Democrats with Avenatti or any other minions do.
  When they fail, they destroy them.
  So he's now indicted.
  Why is he indicted?
   I want to talk about the bigger picture to Santas, who is coming out against the vaccines,
  coming out against the great reset.
   I mean, I like Trump a lot, but boy, I wish he was more like the Santas.
  You're right there in Florida in the middle of this.
  You've been massively persecuted.
   I almost spent 30 minutes on how you helped push it, how you helped break it, how you
   were the guys that first put it out, the hotel room, the gay-fueled orgy, and the guys he
   was with obviously looks like blackmailing him, taking photos and video of this.
  You broke all that.
  They persecuted you but later.
  It was true again.
   We're not attacking this guy Because of what he's doing with adults in a hotel room.
  The issue is he's compromised.
  And now they didn't get their compromised operative in, now they've got to burn him.
  The question is, what did he know?
  And what is Andrew Gillum covering up?
  Or why are they indicting him?
  Because they don't indict criminals like Joe Biden's son, Hunter.
  When you're working with the system.
  So why are they turning on their own minion?
  Jacob Engel, CentralFloridaPost.com, give us your expert analysis on this.
  And congratulations on helping get DeSantis elected a month before the election and exposing this.
  Because DeSantis barely won because of election fraud.
  We know that.
  If it wasn't for your report, I think there's a good chance DeSantis wouldn't have gotten in.
  So kudos to you.
  No, thank you, Alex.
  And thank you for having me on.
  And, you know, I remember in 2018 when we had the recount and we were down there in Broward County and every single boat truck that was coming in, seals were broken on the back.
  It really was a primer.
  For what they did in 2020 and 2018 in Florida with the gubernatorial election.
  And early on in, in 2017, Alex, uh, late 2017, early 2018, I reported that Andrew Gillum was having gay, uh, drug fueled orgies.
  I reported that he was involved with these lobbyists when he was mayor of Tallahassee, getting them sweetheart deals.
  And when you look at the indictment that came out yesterday, 19 counts of wire fraud, and then lying to the FBI.
  Some of the key players involved in that, that remain unnamed, but you can tell by the transactions and the monies that went through, are the same exact people I was talking about.
  And they said, Jake, you can't talk about his sexuality.
  It doesn't matter.
  And I said, no, it's not about his sexuality.
  It's about being compromised.
   Because if he got elected governor and he was doing this kind of stuff that he was doing
   in his private life, now three years later when we exposed him in the hotel room, passed
   out covered in vomit after the orgy, what would have happened in our state, Alex?
  What would have happened in Florida?
   What kind of crooked developer, what kind of crooked globalist, what kind of crooked
   Soros scheme was going to be pushed through because they had the goods on them?
  In a few minutes, we'll show some of those images.
  Viewer discretion advised.
  We're not going to show any of the pornographic ones, but hem cupboard vomit, you know, laying on the ground in the hotel room, the methamphetamine.
  This was a compromised individual.
  And what a message to the system that if you serve this, they will destroy you.
  Yeah, and we have to wonder.
  He recently started a podcast.
  He was kind of going out on his own.
  He wasn't doing the cable news circuit anymore.
  He went to rehab.
  He came out as bisexual.
  His wife supported him.
  He had a big article in GQ last February to help rehabilitate his image.
  So they tried to prop all this up?
  Yeah, no, no.
   Even after what he did, even after him being caught in that hotel room cheating on his wife with the male prostitute, with the drugs, with the defibrillator machine, with the meth, with the coke, with all of that, they still Let him clean himself up, trying to push him back into the spotlight.
  And before he had his incident in March of 2021, Alex, in 2020, he went up to D.C.
  for a secret meeting with Obama that was then leaked to Politico, where they were talking about how he was a potential 2020 presidential candidate.
  And that's the question.
  Was he part of Obama's $56,000 in hot dogs operation?
  Is this guy Obama's lover?
  You know, a lot of people have been discussing that since the news broke last year, and they were certainly very close.
  Obama bent over backwards to come out and support Gillum, rallying all over the state of Florida, and he really closed the gap for Gillum in those final weeks.
  And so, nothing would surprise me, especially considering how Mayor Gillum was operating.
  What do we know about these people taking photos of him with a defibrillator, meaning he was taking so many drugs he wanted his heart restarted?
  This is extreme, dangerous behavior.
  Was this Deep State operatives speculating that we're trying to get full control of him?
  Because, I mean, who would do this?
  I think Alex, they saw him as a future political commodity, but they saw him as a little bit of a free spirit.
  So I think what happened there, he hires the male escort.
  Couple of other people are in the room, and they're doing these really extreme things, and remember in the police report, they didn't release the police body cam footage, but in the police report, when the police entered the room, he was so incoherent, he could barely stand, he was falling over, he couldn't speak, he couldn't even give a statement.
  So, I think something is afoot there, where maybe he went off the leash a little bit, and they had to pull back.
  Well, I mean, they may have force-drugged him, too.
  I mean, he may be the victim.
  I mean, this looks really bad.
  Yeah, and that's a potential thing too, because just seeing that defibrillator... Point is, this is how they... Get back to the defibrillator, exactly.
  This is how they compromise people.
  Talk about the defibrillator.
  For folks who don't know what that is, that's the paddles they use to restart your heart.
  Who the hell has that?
  Well, interestingly enough, the male escort that was with Gillum happened to be an emergency room nurse who brought his whole kit with him.
  So, very powerful drugs that are not on the street.
  So they were, it looks to me, speculatively, like they were really getting ready to drug him out of his mind to compromise him, and in case that happened, they had a defibrillator there.
  Who should be indicted, in my view, is the people that brought defibrillators and all these drugs.
  Well, and let's get even more into this.
  Why hasn't the body cam footage been released where we would see the faces of the other men in the room?
  We know there was the male prostitute, but we don't know the other two individuals in the room.
  Why is that?
  Why can't that footage be released?
  That's right, so people get into politics, the dirty side of it, particularly Democrats, Republicans too, and they trust it, they just do it because they know, well you'll trust me if I do this, then they set you up.
  We're going to talk about this with Jacob Engel, CentralFloridaPost.com, and where he sees all this going, but this is the real underbelly of how they compromise people very, very early on.
  And then control them.
  So why are they indicting him now?
  What is the point of that?
  This is a really important story.
  Then Judge Joe Brown joins us, your phone calls and more on this important, this historic Friday edition.
  Stay with us.
  And let's not forget that Dem super lawyer Mark Elias has been working with this former gubernatorial candidate, Andrew Gillum, who's now been indicted by the FBI.
  This is a real window into the satanic underbelly of the New World Order.
  How a guy they thought was about to be governor, they were getting all the dirt they needed, but our guest Jacob Ingalls got it out before the election and helped derail what he was doing and to great detriment to his own self.
  But that's what it takes to win these fights.
  So how big is this?
  And where do you see this going with him indicted now?
  And again, for listeners who just tuned in, why has he been indicted?
  Well, he's been indicted on 19 counts of wire fraud and then I believe two other counts of making false statements to the FBI.
  Essentially what he was doing when he announced his run for governor in 2017, he had to resign to run.
  That's the rule in Florida.
  So he lost his salary as mayor of Tallahassee.
   And they concocted this scheme with one of his friends, one of his longtime associates, where she would create a company That then would be hired by his campaign and his political committee, and then he would get a chunk of it on the back end.
  Nobody knew that, but that's what happened.
  And that's where we see this wire fraud charges coming from, where he was getting $10,000, $20,000, $30,000 a month, unbeknownst to the donors and everyone else who thought giving money for his campaign and his political committee, not for his personal enrichment.
  I'm not sure.
  I have kind of two thoughts on this, Alex.
  the Justice Department is totally deep state controlled.
  Why did they burn him?
   'Cause he knows too much and now that he'll be indicted, he'll be discredited 'cause he was obviously
  big buddies with Barack Obama?
  I'm not sure, I have kind of two thoughts on this, Alex.
   So either he was flying a little too far from the reservation for them,
   or they've charged him and we'll all spend the next couple of months, wow, this is great.
  Finally, somebody's charged.
  Finally, the Biden Justice Department gets something right.
  And then what will result is a Roger Stone style jury, except in the favor of Gillum, where he gets off and they get to rebrand him and rebuild him.
  So that's kind of the two angles I'm thinking.
   I think they might be taking them down a few notches and then let them off and then Having that understanding with him going forward that you are completely and totally under our control.
  What about DeSantis?
  You know, I know he went to Yale.
  People say Trojan Horse, but he's gone up against Big Pharma.
  He's come out against the vaccines for little kids.
  He is just, I don't see anybody at the level he's at doing what he's doing.
  I really like DeSantis and I like Trump too, but Trump was all in.
  He's still in with Warp Speed.
  I mean, I got to tell you, national polls show this too, that DeSantis can beat Trump and that DeSantis in New Hampshire and other battleground states is way ahead of Trump.
  What's your take on that?
  Well, some of the polling I've seen in the state of Florida, Alex, over the past six months...
  We've seen a market reduction in questions like, are you more or less likely to vote for a candidate that is endorsed by Donald Trump?
  And then when you go to DeSantis, we've seen a market increase on questions like that from some of the reporting I've done and polling I've seen.
  I think for President Trump, he should have gotten credit, more credit than he ever got for Operation Warp Speed.
   I don't think anybody denies that, but I think when he was on that tour with Bill O'Reilly, A couple of months ago and really pushing the hard, hard sell on the vaccine and the boosters.
  I think we saw an opening there for DeSantis who has kind of taken a different approach.
  So a lot of people are saying DeSantis is the Trump kind of candidate in 2024 without the baggage.
  You're saying people think he's Trump 2.0?
  Yeah.
  I could ask a lot of questions, Jacob Ingalls of CentralFloridaPost.com, but what else is on your radar screen?
  What else do you want to impart to viewers about Florida that's become the real battleground for America?
  Well, we have a race in Central Florida, Alex.
  Congressional District 7.
  This was held by Stephanie Murphy, who you know we've talked about on this program.
  She's one of the impeachment hoaxers.
  She's one of the J6 committee members.
  She had to resign earlier this year after I reported that her husband had ties to China through their company, which manufactures sportswear products.
  Almost 97% of their products manufactured in China.
  So now we have this 8-way race in Central Florida.
  Where you have these candidates who are wearing the MAGA mantle, but then I'm looking into their history.
  One of them is a lobbyist for the Asian American Pacific Chamber of Commerce, tied to the CCP.
  One of them just got endorsed by eyepatch McCain, Dan Crenshaw.
  They're taking gambling money.
  They're taking money from corrupt convicted land developers and political fixers.
  And so you only really have one or two candidates in races like this that you can trust.
  And voters just really need to educate themselves.
  I mean, we have one guy, Corey Mills, who is a combat veteran.
  He's one of the people who helped the airlift out of Afghanistan.
  Well, a great example of that is Dr. Oz in Pennsylvania.
  Senator Anthony Sabatini, who's running on the MAGA line.
  And then you have six fakes.
   So voters in Florida and across the country really do your homework because these people
   can slap a MAGA sticker on their car, they can say America first, but they are trying
   to get the Liz Cheney's back in control of the Republican Party.
  Well a great example of that is Dr. Oz in Pennsylvania.
   The minute he wins the Republican primary, he's done with Trump, takes him off his website.
  And everybody saw that coming.
  We all saw that coming.
  And what did Sean Hannity do?
  You know, Sean Hannity, I'm so sorry.
  You know, the way he savaged Kathy Barnett, the way he propped up Dr. Oz.
  What's going on now?
  What is going on?
  We've got Dr. Oz.
  And the guy's going to come grab our guns.
  He's pro-abortion.
  He's a gun grabber, Alex.
  The voters got snowed.
  What do you make, Jacob Engels, of the Roe v. Wade ruling and also this pro-Second Amendment ruling that's so huge?
  Well, I think the agents of Moloch and the demonically possessed are going to have a very busy couple of weeks ahead of them, and I think it's going to be very dangerous.
  And they've already planned to shut down the Supreme Court.
  I got a text message that you might have heard it come through on the program here.
  I got a text message alert from one of these groups that they're going to shut down the Supreme Court by any means necessary tonight at 5 p.m.
   And I just really encourage and caution people In your communities, when these are protests, when there are celebrations of the ruling from the pro-life crowd, really watch yourself.
  Really, really be safe because these people are going to get violent.
  Well said, my friend.
  It is certainly a crazy, crazy time to be alive right now.
  What do you make of Biden blaming gas stations for gas prices?
  Nobody bought the Putin thing, so now he's moved on to gas stations.
  Anybody that knows that business knows they lose money on average on gas or make almost no money.
  What an incredible statement.
  He's the one shutting down energy.
  Well, we just see this ping pong back and forth, right, Alex?
  First, it's, well, this is part of the transition.
  Jennifer Granholm says it's part of the transition.
  Then the press secretary says, oh, there's no recession.
  There's no problem with gas prices.
  Oh, just get an electric car.
  Jen Psaki, all these others.
  Biden has gone back and forth vacillating on this issue.
  So I think right now they're just sitting there in the White House, whack-a-mole on what excuse can we give and what excuse are the American people going to buy?
   But at the end of the day, It's crazy.
  I was walking through the grocery store yesterday and there was not a single piece of chicken, poultry, beef.
  The only thing that was left in the meat section was the big tube of the processed ground beef that you don't want to eat.
  I mean, so the gas prices are affecting all these other parts of our life.
  And I think the Biden administration just thinks we're so stupid.
  We'll take whatever excuse they throw out every other day.
  Thank you.
  All right, we're going to start the third hour with Judge Joe Brown on the Supreme Court ruling, the weaponization of the judiciary, the Jan 6th Committee, and so much more in the third hour today.
  Please remember, we are funded by you, and you are awesome keeping us on air, and I want to thank you and commend you for your support and salute you.
  But we are in a battle, and we are barely in the black.
  I do not want to slip back into the red.
  We are so damn close to that.
  Plus, we have great products you need.
  Infowarrestore.com and Alex Jones' right shirt, whether it's the regular shirt or the designer shirt.
  The Great Supplements that Boost Your Immunity.
  We've got some big specials going on that.
  Dinesh D'Souza's 2,000 Mules.
  The Shot Part 3 of COVID Land.
  Endgame Blueprint for Global Enslavement.
  All of them discounted.
  Infowarstore.com.
  We need your support.
  And don't forget, not just Infowarstore.com, but PrepareToday.com.
  PrepareWithAlex.com also takes you there.
  Highest quality storable food at the lowest prices you're going to find and a bunch of other preparedness items.
  Water filtration, air filtration, you name it.
  Massively discounted and they're our big sponsor.
  Preparetoday.com.
  Don't wait with all this going on.
  Get ready today and know you're secure in that with the inflation.
  Those that you bought years ago, boy were you smart.
  Still going to go up a lot.
  The only way you fail is not going to Preparetoday.com.
  Preparetoday.com.
  As of tonight, the only group that continues to enthusiastically support Joe Biden is college-educated white voters in urban areas, particularly middle-aged women with unhappy personal lives.
  If you've got more than three cats and an NPR tote bag and wear a mask alone in the car, you are all in.
  Everyone else is running away.
  Effectively, what we're seeing is the end of the modern Democratic Party.
  Even MSNBC has noticed.
  This speaks to a story we've been talking about since the 2020 election.
   Specifically along the border, the Rio Grande Valley, South Texas, we have seen county after county, whether it's in this district or some of the districts to the west of it, where voters have moved 10, 20, 30, 40 points Barack Obama got more than 60% of the vote in that district.
  that Myra Flores won last night.
   Barack Obama got more than 60% of the vote here when he last ran in 2012.
  Hillary Clinton won this district by 22 points.
  It's shifted that dramatically.
  Joe Biden carried it by four in 2020.
   And now in a special election, a Republican candidate has won it outright.
   Barack Obama got more than 60% of the vote in that district.
  Now it's Republican.
  This is an historic moment.
  Joe Biden has destroyed the Democratic coalition.
  So the question is, since we have only two political parties, how are Republican leaders responding to this fact, to this opportunity?
  Are they making the case for a better way?
  Are they offering an alternative to what the Democrats have brought this country?
  No, they're not.
  They're doing something you never would have expected.
  Republican leaders are siding with Joe Biden.
  At the very moment that Joe Biden is at his weakest, months before a pivotal midterm election, Republicans are propping him up.
  They are saving Biden from himself.
  Since the day Biden was elected, Republicans in Washington have taken Biden's side on virtually every significant item in his policy agenda.
   That would include COVID restrictions, vaccine mandates, transgender ideology in schools, sanctions against China, the January 6th charade, free speech, civil liberties, spying by the intel agencies, preserving the big tech monopolies, The anti-white race politics of CRT and Juneteenth.
  Border enforcement and energy policy.
  And above all, the administration's signature issue.
  It's lunatic and reckless support for the war on Ukraine.
  Republicans are all in.
  It's called Keeve now!
  That's the Republican message heading into the midterm elections.
  It's called Keeve!
  And by the way, this isn't just happening in Washington.
  It is endemic among the leaders of solidly Republican states.
  In fact, the more Republican the state, the more liberal the governor tends to be.
  The governor of Texas, which has some of the biggest oil and gas deposits in the world, has decided to build windmills that don't work.
  The governor of Utah, a state where Joe Biden got 37% of the vote, that governor begins conversations by announcing his preferred pronouns.
  He really does.
  Watch.
  Well, I thank you so much, Gabby, for that question.
  And my preferred pronouns are he, him, and his.
  So thank you for sharing yours with me.
  It goes on and on and on.
  The governor of South Dakota, where Joe Biden got 35% of the total vote less than two years ago.
  That governor tried to let female impersonators destroy women's sports in South Dakota.
  In Texas, both senators can't stop talking about how great Juneteenth is.
  In Arkansas, one of the most conservative states in the country, the governor supports the chemical castration of children.
  The most recent action of the General Assembly, while well intended, is off course and I must veto House Bill 1570.
  And just like that, a bill to restrict children under 18 from receiving chemical treatments or having surgery for gender reassignment has been stopped.
  The governor said this bill is government overreach.
  Interfering by the state in a parent, in a child, in a doctor-patient relationship did not make sense to me.
  When you vote Republican in Arkansas, you're voting for the castration of children.
  How many Republican voters in Arkansas knew that when they voted for their Republican governor?
  But it's everywhere.
  Apart from Governor Ron DeSantis in Florida, very few Republican officeholders are pushing back in any way against anything Joe Biden is doing.
  In fact, they're abetting what he's doing.
  Effectively, they're coming to Joe Biden's rescue.
  Why are they doing this?
  Why do you think they're doing it?
  Because fundamentally, they're on Joe Biden's side.
  That's right.
  Judge Joe Brown coming up.
  Stay with us.
  And Judge Joe Brown, the balance of the hour.
  We already had him set up a few days ago.
  We're so glad he's here today for this big breaking news.
  But first, here's Biden just minutes ago giving a speech saying a constitutional right of Americans to kill their babies has been taken away.
   Today, the Supreme Court of the United States Expressly took away the constitutional right from the American people.
  That it is already recognized.
  They didn't limit it.
  They simply took it away.
  That's never been done to a right so important to so many Americans.
  But they did it.
  It's a sad day for the court and for the country.
  So there's the KKK sympathizer that Judge Joe Brown witnessed as a young man say incredibly evil, hateful, discriminatory things up there as the president.
  Saying that a right has been taken away.
  We were going to get him on about, I saw him on one of our other shows did a great job, Harrison Smith's American Journal, last week, laying out just how out of control this January 6th committee is, swearing people in, but then editing videos and letting witnesses hear what witnesses had to say and so much more.
   He'll cover that later, but today the Supreme Court ruling on Roe v. Wade, Yesterday's ruling on the Second Amendment saying New York and other states can't bar concealed carries.
  This is a big, big deal.
  What a historic moment.
  What is the aftermath?
  What does it really mean?
  What does he expect is about to happen?
  The left is already all over the news saying they're going to peacefully burn down America this weekend.
  Judge Joe Brown, you've got the floor, my friend.
  Great to have you back.
  Great patriot.
  People can visit your website, thejudgejoebrownshow.com, on Twitter at Judge Joe Brown TV.
  I saw you on earlier this week with one of our crew.
  Amazing hour.
  Thank you for spending time with us.
  I could ask a lot of questions, but where do you want to go from what I just laid out?
   Okay, let's start off with New York's reaction, the city mayor's reaction to The ruling about the constitutional right to be armed in public.
  I think it is a good thing.
   But our lawless mayor gets up there and not our but the lawless mayor gets up there and he advocates right disobedience of A ruling by the U.S.
  Supreme Court.
  I wonder if these hypocrites on the clown show with the J6 committee would be interested in that because that sounds just like what they were accusing Mr. Trump of doing.
  I wonder if they want to pay attention to Joe Biden doing what he did today, which is inviting disobedience of the latest ruling by the U.S.
  Supreme Court.
  And their support for what is bound to be some riotous behavior in the streets by certain groups.
  This hypocrisy is awful.
   And then the thing that we hear about the Arkansas governor, which to me is right over the bridge here since I live in Memphis, it strikes me that Some things are being missed.
  If a child is injured in an accident, they have to get the parent or guardian in order to get permission to perform surgery on this child.
  All right?
  Unless it's a dire emergency and there's a cadre of doctors that go along with saying we have to.
  Why do we have this support for elective surgery where somebody can cut their dick and balls off, put it crudely, and they're only 15 years old?
  That doesn't make any sense and this whole position is based on some logical inconsistencies and it just shows the hypocrisy of the left.
   They want what they want, they don't give a damn about anything else, any other considerations except their personal Exercise of license rather than responsible exercise of rights.
  And this isn't a right because children under the law are entitled to appropriate supervision.
  They are not adults and they cannot sign contracts.
   They cannot make binding agreements, but Having your genitals removed or your sex changed is certainly a binding contractual agreement between the child and somebody.
  Let me stop you.
  Some stations don't care that first five minutes for those who just joined us.
  Tucker Carlson clip I played, that little no man's land, first five minutes of some stations carry some don't, was making the point that the Arkansas governor overrode and vetoed the legislature saying that we're not going to sterilize and cut the genitals off children.
   If you or I walked into a hospital today in Memphis, Tennessee or Austin, Texas or New York, New York or LA and said I want my arm cut off, They'd call a paddy wagon to take us to a mental institution.
  But if we want to, hell in Europe, it's as young as 7, here as young as 10, as you said the average age is 15, cut the penis and balls off a child, then we don't want the parents involved.
  The state said the kid wants to be another gender.
   It's about tacky because you know Arkansas is claiming parental rights in some cases the state's coming in and trying to override that so this is mental illness on its face being pushed by the state so what you're saying is out of the abortion out of the gun control rulings I agree with you this transgender movement is the next leg of what they're doing and it's just outrageous but again You're a judge, but am I not wrong that if I walked into a hospital and said, I want you to cut my right leg off, they'd put me in a mental institution.
  But I say my right leg is not as important as my dick and balls, as you said, because that's how I make new people.
  That is a direct attack on my whole family line, who I am and everything.
  And I'd say before I wanted my testicles cut off, I'd rather have my leg cut off.
  Well, you're right.
  It's an inconsistency.
  It's a hypocrisy.
  It's just a selfish focus on immediate hedonistic pleasure without any understanding or respect for the other issues that are brought up.
  I mean, what's more revocable than that?
  And then I tell a joke about it.
  What do you see whenever you see a human?
  A man or a woman?
  No, you see a successful screw.
   Somebody's Somebody is born.
  Somebody matures after they get ready.
  That's right.
  Sex did that.
  Yeah, they breathe.
  And then you get the next generation.
  So these folks want to cut it off because they can't handle it.
  It's just absolutely ridiculous because even if the child is hurt in an accident you have to get a hold of a parent or a guardian in order to get permission for life-saving surgery.
   So here is an elective for some reason that your child can't even fathom at that point because remember starting at eight, nine years old in this state they were talking about having puberty blockers so the person is never getting to the point where Well, let's be clear, they can't buy a pack of cigarettes or a gun, they can't join the military, but they can decide to have their balls cut off.
  Yeah, after they've been allowed to take puberty blockers so they don't even get their first heart on to find out what it's all about.
  Exactly.
  That's a good point.
  They don't want you to know that's going to be the best part of your life right there.
  They don't want you to ever even experience that.
  Yeah, and see, there's another thing to it.
  Part of this whole thing with the tranny thing has got to do with the lifeboat situation.
  The next time a Titanic goes down with not enough lifeboats, the men are supposed to say, Ma'am, you may have my seat.
  You and your child.
  I'll drown with the ship when it goes down.
  See, that takes a whole lot.
  But a lot of punks don't have that kind of manliness.
  And they want to deal with, Oh, I got on a dress.
  I should be able to get in there.
  My position's been, no, grab them, snatch them, throw them on the other side of the ship and chum the sharks so the women and children get away safe.
  You know, that's an abdication.
  You're right.
  That's the perfect analogy of the lifeboats are here and there's a bunch of men in dresses trying to kick out the girls and women.
  Yes.
  See, we have this thing.
  I have a model.
  It's all about protecting womanhood and promoting manhood.
  Why?
  Because the women are a resource.
  They bear the children.
  A man can technically fertilize quite a few women at the same time.
  So we've always had this thing, when the population goes down, the more successful men, they get around.
  Now we have monogamy, but the men can procreate.
  They go off, we go off to the wars.
  We guard the front doors.
  We sacrifice ourselves to protect our wives and families and life goes on and your gene code gets continued because the mother birthed the children.
  She could have been pregnant when you lost your life.
  and it's what it is.
  Beautifully said, stay there, sir.
   I wanna come back and get more into this, Roe v. Wade, the gun amendment,
  what the left's gonna do.
  Judge Joe Brown's our guest, stay with us.
  So, Judge Joe Brown is a really articulate, smart guy.
  I really admire him.
  I'm honored that he's a friend.
   And I could ask a thousand questions, but for the rest of the hour,
  I'm trying to give him the floor to go where he wants.
  But let me ask him this.
  Where is America and the world right now?
  How would you describe the historic point we're at?
  Because you have a great historical... I've had dinner with you and talked to you a lot, and I've done a lot of history.
  You know more than I do.
  I've been blown away by your knowledge.
  It's true, folks.
  One of the smartest people I know.
  What is the moment we're at?
  What is the choice humanity has?
  Because the left is just running around like chickens with their heads cut off.
  What's their problem?
  Why don't they want success?
  Why don't they want order?
  Why don't they want freedom?
  True liberalism, which means freedom.
  They're not the liberals to me.
  They're the authoritarians.
  How would you quantify, Judge Brown, where we are today?
   Fifty-five years ago, I had a Of course.
  It was a visiting professor, and the professor said America is in grave danger of becoming a fascist country.
  Not from some jack-booted, goose-stepping thugs, but from, as she turned, some pink-panty-wearing, long-haired hippies who would be glad to impose the worst methods of fascism on everybody for their own perceived good.
  And that's what we're getting.
  What you're looking at is essentially an episode of two things.
  One, to make it real simple, Reed Orwell's Animal Farm, where the animals staged a revolution and took over a farm, and they had a constitution written on the side of a barn that said all animals are equal.
  And then the pigs wound up pulling off a lot of stunts and taking some power, and the Constitution changed.
  It said all animals are equal, but pigs are more equal than others, and that's what we have right now.
  We've got a pig pen developing, and there you go.
  That was put out by the CIA in 1952 to show in Europe.
   So what you have is a pig pen, Where we have a new category of pigs who are more equal than others.
  One of the things that I find absolutely astonishing is this sense of entitlement.
  Wherein people say, I wish upon a star, makes no difference who I am, my dreams should come true.
  You know, makes no difference who you are, your dreams will come true.
  That's Walt Disney nonsense.
  And they've been fed a 50-some year course of intense propaganda from Hollywood and other sources that all you have to do is want and you should have.
  You see mothers that can barely pay the rent, they get a little in their hand and they go out and buy their nine-year-old a $260 pair of Air Jordan tennis shoes.
  These kind of things where I want it so I should get it.
  It's not necessary to go off and do all of these difficult things that are required becoming a human who is a free human.
  We should be entitled to it.
  And what I see is history repeating itself, only this time it's United States of America instead of Great Britain.
  Because if you look back to the 1920s, you will see Great Britain just came out of the Great War.
  And they had this thing about social programs, and they bankrupted themselves, and by the end of World War II, which was just 20-some years away, Great Britain quickly fell into being a third-rate, not even second-rate power, and the United States took its position.
   Now Pakistan and India are much more powerful militarily, economically, scientifically, and industrially than Great Britain used to be.
   So instead of Britannia ruling the waves, and the Royal Navy controlling who moved on over or under the oceans.
  Now they can't even man all their ships, and what do they have?
  So Judge Brown, let me ask you this question, that's where you're going.
  Why do empires commit suicide?
  Because they get too indulgent.
  They get decadent, degenerate, and depraved.
  They get more in love with their luxuries than they do with their freedom.
  And they're willing to be safe, excuse me, they're willing to give up their freedom to be safe and to ensure their luxuries.
  And you mentioned this, Biden to remove Title IX for women's rights, which I support women's rights, in favor of gender identity, letting men, like you said, on the Titanic come in and take over.
  That is crazy.
   Well, yeah, it's like, See, one thing, I think there is a need for one constitutional amendment, just one, and that one would read something like the body of a bill or piece of legislation has to reflect the caption.
  They introduced the Emmett Till anti-lynch bill.
   Let's not go into all of the details, but they added something which is Gender orientation to the American legal lexicon, our federal lexicon, for the first time.
  So, that came in under a so-called anti-Lynch Bill, but it applies now to all American law.
  So, what the hell do you mean by that?
   You have ordinarily, you can't discriminate against anyone because of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, Medical condition.
  And what we have now is a different kind of thing where somebody says, I have an extra choice I can make.
  I can be lying through my teeth.
   But if I'm punk enough to go out and say, Oh, I'm a sissy, then I can get Declared to be a woman.
  I might not be able to make the varsity, so instead of sitting in the stands and cheering like everybody else who can't, I get to go declare that I've got girl in me and put on a skirt.
  No, I want to be a girl and all this, and I can go out and play with the girls.
  And we even violate some old precepts, like boys are stronger than girls, therefore boys should never hit girls.
  So now we have little punks out there in full combat sports, crippling, maiming and badly hurting.
  We have UFC fighters killing women, men killing women, fighting women.
  Imagine if Mike Tyson was in the ring with a woman, we would say arrest him.
  But oh, if he saves a woman, it's okay.
  Well, this is personal to me.
   Not long ago, I was in the parking lot of a Well, one of these discount hardware stores.
  I think it was Lowe's.
  And this beautiful woman said, Uncle Joe.
  And I looked over and I didn't recognize her at first.
  And then when I did, I said, baby, what, what happened to your arm?
  She had her arm up and a strut and the contrivance around her waist to keep it up.
   And I hadn't seen her since she had been 11 or 12, but her grandfather would always talk to me about her.
   She'd been a martial artist since she'd been eight years old.
  Hold on, Judge Joe Brown, stay there.
  Tell us a story when we come back.
  Judge Joe Brown is our guest, amazing guest.
   Have on, stay with us, ladies and gentlemen, the judgejoebrownshow.com.
   So Judge Joe Brown, who just joined us, was talking about women being beaten half to death,
  in some cases to death, by men.
  And men-women cycling contests, and track and field contests, and swimming contests.
  They can sell that lie.
  They can sell anything.
  It's a war against logic.
  So you were getting into that and finishing up with a story you told about a woman you met in a parking lot that you've known for a long time.
  You've forgotten about them.
  You're obviously a celebrity.
  You don't meet a lot of people.
  Then I want to ask you the big picture.
  What do we do, Judge Joe Brown, about this assault?
  What does the average person listening do to counter that?
  Please continue.
  Well, let me tell you the story.
  I hadn't seen her since she'd been about 11 years old.
  She was 19.
  She grew up beautiful, movie star beautiful, but she had her arm in a cast and it was propped up shoulder too.
  And I asked her what happened.
  She had been a martial artist since she'd been eight or nine years old and she got a scholarship to a major university doing women's wrestling.
  Well, right before COVID hit hard, she had been in a tournament and she was set up to wrestle this, what turned out to be a guy.
  She refused.
  And so did another member of her team.
  And they were told they would lose their scholarships and the team would forfeit if they didn't.
  So the other woman got a broken jaw and put in a coma for three days.
  And my friend's granddaughter got a compound fracture of her arm that this creep did to her.
  And she was crying to me, crying on my shoulder, literally, about she had to go through three show, uh, surgeries, how badly it hurt, and that she couldn't stand the pain.
  But when she took the medication, she couldn't focus on her studies.
  What was she going to do?
  And it just wasn't fair.
  Well, it wasn't.
  And these dirty creeps don't be, uh, need to be allowed to compete against women.
  They're sissies.
  They're punks.
  They need to sit in the damn bleachers like everybody else who can't make the men's team.
  And this is just absolutely absurd.
  It is absolutely unfair and it is dangerous.
  Now women have fought long and hard to get equality in sports and it doesn't make any damn sense to allow some creep who ought to be ashamed of himself to come in and claim to be a girl and compete against the girls.
  So it's particularly repugnant and I commend all state legislative bodies that are doing something about it.
  Hell, I saw a thing somebody called me up about just this week.
  They had Bruce Jenner on there and he was talking about he thought it was unfair for guys to be allowed to compete against girls in women's sports.
  And that's from a former male Olympic athlete who gold medaled a time or two in, what was it, swimming?
  So it's gotten really far out of hand, and we need to bring that back into focus.
  You know, just because you want something doesn't mean you should be able to get it.
  Yeah, just because you say you're an Easter Bunny doesn't make it so, or Santa Claus.
  So how do we counter this madness, Judge Brown?
  I can fly.
  Well, go jump off that eight-story building if you can fly then.
  So how do we counter this madness?
  Where do you see America going?
  Speaking of which, you're blind.
  You can't drive a car.
  I imagine there are a lot of blind people who would love to operate a car, but they can't because they can't see.
  So, what are you supposed to do?
  Well, it's the same thing.
  I mean, I can fight, but I couldn't be a heavyweight boxer and get my ass kicked.
  Those are professionals, the top 1 tenth of 1 percent, who train their whole lives.
  The idea that I can be a marathon runner, I can run 2 miles, I can't run 23.
  It's just so simple.
  I mean, it's right there.
  Well, let me bring us back to another thing.
  All right.
  This bit about protecting everyone.
  Oh my God, we're going to end the violence.
  We're going to have rules against guns.
  Well, okay.
  They keep talking about assault rifles and what they're talking about are generally just semi-autos.
  And let's see.
  Interesting.
  An anniversary passed three months ago.
  The AR, which stands for Armalite Design of Stoner, Jonathan.
  Eugene Stoner, who designed it, was patented 70 years ago this year in February.
  So this is not something new.
  This is an antique.
AK-47 was adopted 75 years ago in 1947. So this is nothing new. We have some antique firearms and what
   people are putting out there with false propaganda is that they're assault rifles.
  No, they're not.
  A real assault rifle is a fully automatic weapon, a machine gun.
  You know, like Al Capone and Elliot Ness or whatever you may have.
  Or John Wayne charging a machine gun nest with his Thompson or whatever it may be.
  So, that isn't even the issue.
  In Switzerland, every able-bodied man from 17 to 56 is required to have a military-grade 9mm pistol in his possession and a machine gun, a fully automatic, a real one, and two hand grenades and various and sundry rounds of ammunition.
  But they don't have any of these crazed fools running around killing folk off in mass.
  Now, every now and then, it seems a banker or two over in Switzerland had to get his drugs, and one or two of them might get off by somebody that came in from out of the country.
  But that kind of violent crime is zero, and it brings it to me.
   Now, I'm 74 years old, but I've been taking martial arts for 55 years, and myself and some of my associates, we can kill most humans who are comparably trained very quickly.
  A lot quicker than we could kill them with a pistol or a firearm.
  Or an AR, which is only a .22 caliber.
  Exactly.
  So we want to punish criminals, not the general public.
  Let me ask this question then.
  How do we fix this?
  An awakening?
  Education?
  I mean, it seems like America's going over a cliff.
  It's we're going over a cliff because we've attempted to emasculate the country in favor of these people who want to let children at 15 cut the dicks and balls off.
  So stop letting the left bully us and stop laying down the answer.
  Yeah, well, yes.
  And the other thing is, is let's take this thing about bullying.
  Look at back to the future.
   Back in the 1980s, McFly goes back That's right, they don't want us going through that process.
  himself. Dad busts the bully in his mouth, knocks him out.
   When young McFly gets back, the bully works for his dad instead of running roughshod
   over him. We've always had this thing in human society of boys becoming men had to learn up and
  stand up and screw up.
  That's right. They don't want us going through that process.
  They're really afraid of men.
  Yeah, they don't like it.
  So we have had a 55 year campaign to emasculate the country.
  I heard this starting back in the mid 60s when I was at UCLA as an undergrad.
   You had the lesbians who hated men, the Feminists who hated that they weren't men.
  The beta boys that hated it that they couldn't be real men.
  The gay folk that didn't understand being a man.
  And then you got that anti-war crowd in there that said war is a man thing.
   So if we raise boys like girls so they are emotional and they Uh, cry and shout and let it all hang out.
  Even if you cry and shout and let it all hang out instead of being so uptight, man.
  We would step war, man.
   So you get all of these together and they've started to try to and to an extent Accomplish the emasculation of the country.
  Meanwhile, January 21st, 2021, the Chinese government put in place an official man up campaign and Russia's already had one in about 10, 12, 15 years ago.
  They banned Americans from adopting Russian orphans because they did not want them turned to the dark side.
  I'm not talking about gay folk per se.
  I mean, if you want to get your freak on in your bedroom, that's your damn business.
  What I'm talking about is the LGBTQ cult, the rainbow cult.
  Now, Judaism, Islam, Christianity, Hinduism, Confucianism, Buddhism, they're all religions, but the last two don't have a God.
  They are systems of philosophy.
  So if you look at LGBTQ, the cult, that way you'll see what I'm talking about.
  Judge Brown, stay there.
  I want to talk about January 6th committee.
  I want to talk about the election.
  So much more.
  Stay with us.
  You can just search in Judge Joe Brown and find his incredible work.
  Millions of viewers a week at Judge Joe Brown TV, the Judge Joe Brown TV show.
  The Judge Joe Brown Show dot com.
  Join us for one more segment on our guest host is taking over.
  Sorry all the extra callers I can't get to you.
  I apologize.
  We'll get to you on a Saturday show.
  I'm doing live at 11 a.m.
  tomorrow for three hours with a bunch of special guests.
  It'll just be at InfoWars.com, not on the radio and TV stations.
  11 a.m.
  tomorrow, we're doing that show.
  So we'll get the caller's name and numbers.
  We'll call you back tomorrow if you can do it.
  We took a lot of calls in the first and second hour today.
  Judge, let me ask you this question because you've got a lot of great points to make, but what do you make of DeSantis versus Trump?
  What do you make of Biden?
  How long can he hold on when it's on record he doesn't even know who he is?
  Just big picture, what do you see with Russia and Ukraine?
  Just big picture in the world, where do you see all this going?
  Because I really want to hear what you have to say.
  Brief comment on this committee.
  Some of the people that are on this January 6th committee and supporting what they're doing and saying that Trump was wrong by trying to incite the American public when he said the election was stolen.
   Hell, some of them were up 22 years ago in the 2000 election cycle screaming from the rooftops that Bush had stolen the election from Gore.
  And I remember that old thing with dangling chads and the debacle down in Florida that went on and on.
  So what's the matter?
  They can talk, but nobody else can.
  But anyway, I don't have much confidence in Biden and Mrs. Emhoff, that administration handling what is likely to develop with the Russians.
   Down in Syria, The Russian Air Force did an intention getting bombing or attack on a certain rebel base where Americans had been training some of the folk going back up to the Ukraine.
  That could lead to a shooting incident or two or three or four or ten or twenty down there.
  In that area, and I don't think Biden and Imhoff are competent to handle it.
  That's right, that's really smart what you're saying, because I haven't covered that, but I meant to a few days ago.
  This war is widening into Syria, Turkey, you name it.
   Yeah, and it's getting out of hand, and I have a sneaking suspicion that the reason we're over in the Ukraine in the first place is so Biden can get this 120-some count indictment against him dismissed for Well, that's my next question.
  Why would he brag five years ago on C-SPAN that he ordered the prosecutor fired?
  They wouldn't give a million dollars before he left office.
  Why would you brag about crimes you committed?
  One million.
  It was $14 billion in American loan guarantees.
  He said, I guess I am guilty of bribery and extortion because I told them that I'd see to it that they're $14 billion in loan guarantees.
  No, I agree, Judge.
  You're right.
  It's on record.
  Why would he admit that?
  I'm asking you, why?
  He said he's a fool.
  He's never been the brightest bulb on sale in the store.
  Now, that being the case, it's a real live mess.
  See, Article 6 of the U.S.
  Constitution says ratified treaties are part of the supreme law of the land.
  And one of our ratified treaties is with Ukraine, and it says we will honor agreements with them to apprehend and assist in the investigation.
  So they're using that as a blank check?
  So, and then they set up another one, and I love this one.
  When they went after Mr. Trump and impeached him the second time, although he was no longer in office, they set the precedent.
  So, Article 2, Section 4 of the Constitution says impeachment for bribe, well, bribery, treason, and high crimes and misdemeanors in office.
  Those three things.
  Well, he's already admitted he's into bribery.
  We have indictments in Ukraine charging him with bribery, extortion, etc, etc.
  That's certainly a high crime and or misdemeanor.
  And while we will be, even though he's no longer vice president, they already set the stage.
  So when the Democratic Party gets their behinds kicked in these midterms, what with their approval ratings being so damn low, they've opened it up to go after Biden.
  And the reason they went after Mr. Trump was because of the 12th Amendment that says, if you've been impeached, you can't hold any office again.
  No, I agree with you.
  So I'm asking, why would the Democratic Party commit suicide like this?
  They don't know any better.
  They don't think the rules apply to them.
  They are myopic in their sight.
  They have this, oh, this is what I want.
  It's like a child wanting an ice cream cone and they throw a tantrum and they forget about everything outside of that ice cream cone or candy.
   Or you see them pitching a tantrum In the aisles at a department store, when you get to the toy department, they stomp and they carry on and they bang their fist on the ground and they roll all over the place and they're screeching, I want it, I want it, and they don't care about what's going on.
   That's because they are essentially immature No, I agree.
  That's why they've run their cities in the ground and everything.
  You're right.
  That's scary though.
  The people in charge of the country.
  Did you see Biden today blame gas stations for gas prices?
  Oh yeah.
  And then look at this.
  You know what the travesty is for those gas prices is this.
  The crude oil that has been refined and is on sale right now.
  Was acquired 13, 14 months ago at those prices and a great deal of it has been pulled out of reserves thanks to banks.
  Exactly.
  So it's about to explode in price.
  The price is from 40, 50, 60, 70 years ago.
  Now here's another thing.
  99% of all domestically consumed oil is imported.
  We don't have any alternative energy sources being funded.
  They need to have a Manhattan Project on that like they did with the bomb during World War II.
  But Biden's administration is pushing this.
  So when you have imported oil, what happens is 25% has to go into the American oil reserves.
   And by law, the oil importers get paid $5 per barrel for whatever market price each or what goes into the reserve. So they're making money hand
   over foot and look at the price of fuel for trucks. That is essentially a byproduct of product.
  It's waste.
  Now, Judge, we know you know all the angles. It's amazing.
   In closing, what do you expect to happen under all this malfeasance?
   Well, we're going to have a big hole we're going to have to climb out of and I hope it
   isn't a bottomless rabbit hole and we wind up like Great Britain, a second rate power
   with the People's Republic of China lording it over everybody.
  So that's the danger.
  They have cut too much off.
  They are destroying manhood.
  They're destroying education.
  They're pricing everything out of reach.
  They have engendered deliberate inflation, and I say that on purpose because that helps out the financial market, the investment market, because it reduces existing loan loads and debt obligations.
  And we've got a bunch of creeps in there that are more interested in who gets to play girl than they are in the effectiveness to deal with the other 97% of the American population.
  So we've reached a Marie Antoinette moment of let them eat cake.
  What do you see happening with the midterms and the election?
  I think that the Democratic Party is going to get slaughtered.
  Every time for the last half century, when one party's percentages of support dropped below a certain point, that party always loses control of whatever chamber of Congress it controls.
  And Biden's are the worst ever.
   And interestingly enough, his would-be replacement, Kamala Emhoff, well, Harris Hemhoff, Hers are the absolute worst ever.
  Piru Agnew, who wound up doing time in state and federal penitentiaries when he was vice president to Tricky Dick Nixon.
  Even after he resigned because of criminal charges pending, his ratings were better than Kamala Harris' them all.
  So, this is a complete disaster.
   We've got two incompetents sitting up there In line.
  One's already in office, and he can't even remember where the hell he is, let alone what's going on.
  And Kamala Harris has always been lazy.
  She wants to show... No, you're right.
  Judge Joe Brown, amazing.
  At JudgeJoeBrownTV on Twitter, TheJudgeJoeBrownShow.com.
  We got your great barbecue sauce at FullRestore.com.
  Thanks for spending an hour with us.
  It's been amazing, sir.
  Thank you.
  Alright, have a great time.
  Here you go.
  We love you, Joe.
  Alright, we'll be right back with the next guest host.
  Take it over, Paul Joseph Watson.
  Stay with us.
  
   It is Friday, it is the 24th of June, it is 2022, and it is a momentous day in the history of America.
   The Supreme Court ruling of course has overturned Roe v. Wade and suffice to say Hoes mad!
  Hoes big mad!
  We're going to get into that and a whole lot more over the course of the next hour.
  Maxine Waters is saying to hell with the Supreme Court, we will defy them.
  The same people who said January 6th was a disgraceful attack on the very bedrock of American democracy are now calling for Supreme Court rulings to be ignored and for the Supreme Court to be abolished entirely because they really believe in democracy.
  AOC got out in front of the Supreme Court within an hour of the ruling being made public and called the Supreme Court illegitimate.
  Meanwhile, the big question continues to be asked.
  When will the riots begin?
  Of course, Twitter is awash with leftists threatening riots, threatening to burn down the Supreme Court, threatening to assassinate Supreme Court justices.
  That's all going on right now as we speak.
  Will it be as bad as summer 2020 BLM Antifa riots?
  A lot of people don't think so because they say the Democratic Party apparatus now has control, basically whim over whether those groups stage riots.
   Given that they're openly inciting violence, doing exactly what they falsely claimed Donald Trump did before January 6th, I see riots happening tonight.
  I don't think it's going to be anywhere near as sustained or as deadly as the billions of dollars in property damage, dozens of people who died during the 2020 BLM riots, but you're definitely going to see massive unrest at least over the course of the next two nights.
   Again, people have made the point The biggest seed is coming from middle-class white women, so it's not going to be quite as vitriolic as the BLM Antifa riots, but I think we will see massive unrest tonight, given that Democratic operatives are openly now calling for that.
  Of course, we have the DHS warning pro-life organisations, churches and other institutions across the country of this coming night of rage.
  These far-left groups, Jane's Revenge have called for this, have planned it.
   And let's not forget, A guy openly planned to assassinate Justice Kavanaugh didn't go through with it.
  We've had these nutcases hanging outside Supreme Court justices' homes.
  We've had attacks already in the past few weeks on pro-life institutions, on churches, fires, so of course you're going to see more of that tonight.
  Later on in the show I'm going to play a reminder of how an abortion is actually performed.
  A lot of people still can't seem to grasp the absolute barbarity that goes on with these 690,000, is it, abortions in America every single year.
  That's the official number.
  The people who don't relate that they had an abortion means it's probably far higher.
  We're also going to get into the Pennsylvania drag queen who was arrested and charged with possessing child pornography.
  Many such cases.
  The New York Times is worried that Big Tech won't censor hard enough during the mid-term elections.
  They're calling for Twitter and Meta, Facebook, to step up.
  Biden was given a cheat sheet, of course, which instructed him how to say hello, how to sit down, how to interact with other people, basically the kind of thing you would give to a autistic high school teenager before doing a presentation.
  That's now how dementia-ridden the President of the United States is, apparently.
  Meanwhile, left-wing newspaper The Guardian is encouraging its readers to save their urine to humiliate Vladimir Putin.
  Yes, that's a real headline.
  Ukraine has banned its main opposition party and seized all its assets because it's a beacon of democracy.
  Only 11% believe Biden narrative that Putin is to blame for record gas prices.
  That narrative has completely collapsed.
  Then in the third segment, we're going to tell you about, again, another massive under-reported story that should have been worldwide headlines, and that is what happened in the towns around Lake Garda, Italy, at the beginning of the month, where migrants staged robbings, assaults, smashed up shops.
  It was a day of war, as the local politicians called it.
  We'll be back with that and more in the next segment.
  Summit.News, I'm going.
  Well you have to give credit to the Supreme Court justices for standing by their opinion which was of course leaked a few weeks ago.
  Of course we had the open assassination attempt against Brett Kavanaugh a few weeks back.
  We've had these nutters stood outside their homes, they're harassing them, they're harassing their neighbours.
   The Democratic Party Control groups, the institution of the Democratic Party, its far-left ideologues have called on people to get in people's faces, to confront them on the street, to escalate this violent rhetoric.
  Now in response to the Supreme Court ruling, of course, there is liberal seethe and rage swamping Twitter.
   Libs of TikTok posted a tweet from a woman who said, quote, We need to burn it all down, light it on fire.
  Unhinged pro-abortion activist openly calls for violence against Supreme Court justices.
  Another far leftist on Twitter said, quote, every member of the Supreme Court who just allowed Roe v. Wade to be overturned should be pulled out of their chambers and shot in the effing street.
  This isn't hyperbole.
  Gun the MF'ers down.
  They failed us.
  They failed every woman we know.
  This is the kind of rhetoric swamping Twitter as we speak.
  Burn down the Supreme Court if you search for that on Twitter.
  Hundreds if not thousands of people calling for that.
  Cameron Kasky from his verified Twitter account said, quote, go to the home of every Supreme Court justice who just voted to kill women.
  Let them know how you feel.
  We've also got, of course, the reaction from overseas.
  Everyone's sticking their oar in, including Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who said, quote, no government politician or man should tell a woman, what's a woman, they don't know, what she can and cannot do with her body.
  That's exactly what he did with the vaccine, of course.
  He openly said you shouldn't be able to get on a plane or a train without the government telling you what you can do with your body.
  Suddenly it's changed again.
  It's flipped right back.
  Mike Cernovich tweeted, my sense is that SHIT Libs will be less likely to flee the states they destroyed for red ones, which will be spared them overall good.
  Yes, the influx of leftists into red states like Texas, maybe that will now come to an end.
  Robbie Rose tweeted, if children can be expected to wear face masks 16 hours a day, surely some guys can wear a condom for three minutes.
  Yes, apparently not.
  But Maxine Waters has responded by saying, quote, to hell with the Supreme Court.
  We will defy them.
  These were comments she made basically an hour after the ruling was made public.
  She said they ain't seen nothing yet.
  Women are going to control their bodies no matter how they try to stop them.
  Of course, the Justice Department has come out and said they'll do everything to basically try and overturn the Supreme Court.
  Democrats in Congress, in the Senate, are going to try and pass laws that override this.
  Again, they're big fans of democracy until a decision is made which they don't like.
  Now they're calling for the Supreme Court to be abolished, and in the words of AOC, to be ignored.
  She's calling it illegitimate AOC protests against abortion ban.
  She wasted little time in showing up outside the Supreme Court, joining rowdy demonstrators to scream about it being illegitimate and demanding people get into the streets.
  Of course, this is all in the context of the Department of Homeland Security.
  Headline out of Zero Hedge, DHS communicates specific threats facing pro-life orgs churches as they brace for night of rage.
  DHS has come out, this was yesterday that they gave this warning, of course aware that the ruling was coming down today.
  Communicating specific threats to pro-life groups and Catholic leaders after suspicious individuals and groups have, in some instances, been found casing the offices and buildings of pro-life organisations.
  Of course, firebombing them in some instances.
  Now they're warning of a night of rage targeting churches and pregnancy centres in this backlash.
  Labelled as an urgent memo, the document is from the Diocese of Stockton, California, directed to all clergy as well as parish and pastoral staff.
  It says extremist groups are calling for attacks on churches beginning at 8pm the evening the court issues its opinion, which is, again, only in a few hours' time.
  Some national pro-life organisations have reported this week they've been contacted by the Feds, warning them to take steps amid threats of extreme violence.
  Feds are going to congregations to pastors and saying, if there's anyone within law enforcement within your congregation, put them on alert.
  For this backlash, the Night of Rage.
  Of course, we have this as well.
  Night of Rage flyers spotted in DC ahead of Roe v Wade decision.
  It says any day now, likely Thursday.
  Of course, it was today the Supreme Court could publish its final decision.
  National Review's Ramesh Ponnuru tweeted a picture of a flyer slapped on the side of what appears to be a concrete base of a light pole on the side of a street in DC.
   The flyer reads, DC call to action, night of rage, the night SCOTUS overturns, Roe v Wade hit the streets, you should riot!
   Posting these flyers all over DC, of course we had the pro-abortion group Jane's Revenge, signing the flyer, recently declaring open season on pro-life groups and crisis pregnancy centres, they've already damaged property, Antifa groups have already firebombed other facilities, We had the Brett Kavanaugh assassination attempt, which was stopped at the last minute.
  The guy seemingly backed out.
  So again, will there be massive riots tonight?
  How will it scale up in comparison to what we saw over the summer of 2020?
  And how will the media report it?
  Will it be reported as mostly peaceful demonstrations once again?
  As I said in the first segment, the consensus seems to be that because Biden's in office, they're going to hold back the reins on these violent protest groups, Antifa, BLM, pro-abortion groups.
  I don't think they have that level of control over them, and you wed that to the violent rhetoric, the escalation that's now coming out from the likes of Maxine Waters, from the likes of AOC.
  And it basically creates an environment where they've been given free reign to stage massive civil unrest.
  Of course, you had the videos earlier of the riot cops already moving in to DC.
  So yeah, I think you will see unrest on quite a large scale tonight and Saturday.
   I don't think it will be as sustained as the summer 2020 riots, which of course were purposefully sustained and dragged over several months, if not six months or more, to create that kind of environment to unseat Trump, to make him look illegitimate.
  Maybe people are suggesting they're not going to try and pull the same stunt with Biden in office, but given how insanely crazy these protest groups have acted in the past, and given this escalation of rhetoric, I think you will see at least some violent unrest tonight.
  Meanwhile, Pennsylvania drag queen arrested and charged with possessing child pornography.
  Many such cases!
  This was a two-year-long investigation where the officers involved, the special agents, found that this individual, Bryce Patrick Williams, was uploading obscene, horrific images of children engaged in sexual acts to a Dropbox back in May 2020.
  They wanted to build up the evidence, they wanted to nail this case without this individual being able to snake out of it.
  They issued a subpoena to Comcast for the IP information of the suspect, found the location and then watched as over the following months they continued to upload more and more obscene images to this Dropbox account.
  They got the warrant.
  to search the home of this individual who turns out to be a drag queen performer who has been lionized by the media as this great social worker.
  In fact, local newspapers touted him as, quote, an HIV AIDS prevention advocate and community organizer.
  Again, this sick individual who basically admitted to the child porn after he was forced to hand over his phone and it was on his phone as well in the presence of the special agents raiding his home.
  Now admitted to having that, of course, we've had previous cases.
  The former head of the Cream City Foundation, which sponsors Drag Queen Story Hour in Milwaukee, was arrested on charges of possessing child pornography.
  2019, we reported Houston Public Library allowed a registered sex offender to read to children as part of Drag Queen Story Hour.
  And of course, one of those events was attended by Alberto Garza, convicted of sexually assaulting an eight-year-old boy in 2008.
  Long litany of cases where these drag queens, or transvestite strippers as they should be called, are connected to these drag queen story hours.
  They're reading to kids.
  Predators use these kind of excuses to get around kids.
  A week ago, we had the Pride marches where they were exposed to bare breasts, fetishes, half-naked men whipping each other on the street.
  Kids should not be around this bottom line.
  Drag queen performances should not be anywhere around kids because these nonces use it as an excuse to be predatory to get close to them.
  And this one, thankfully, has been snared.
  We'll be back.
  Summit.News.
  Now, of course, with this ruling, we have the massive seed, the massive coat from leftists, the threats of riots.
  We also have a complete ignorance and lack of understanding continually of what an abortion procedure, especially in the second trimester, actually involves.
  I've got family members who've worked in hospitals, friends who worked in hospitals, all of whom used to be leftists on the issue, used to be pro-choice and support the right to kill babies.
   You'll find quite often that once they are exposed to this, not directly but indirectly, knowing what goes on in terms of abortions, especially second trimester, There's massive ignorance out there in terms of what do people think they do when they vacuum out these babies when they go in with forceps and literally pull them limb from limb.
  Like how did you think these babies were being killed?
  Gently put to sleep like you would an old dog.
  It's absolutely barbaric and horrific.
   There was a video that came out last year from LifeSite News Powerful video showing how second trimester abortions are performed.
  They show the people on the streets, they all say yes I'm pro-choice blah.
  As soon as they see how they didn't know in the first place, people have just got a basic superficial level of thinking and no critical thinking skills, they don't even think beyond the first thought.
   How it's done, how this procedure, this barbaric gruesome procedure is enacted and how it's now being used as a form of contraception, a form of birth control, With women using it, again, just killing babies because they think it's a straightforward procedure.
  Again, cancers involved with women who have abortions through the roof.
  Their inability to get pregnant again after having an abortion.
  Significantly higher.
  The body rebels against this horrific, abnormal procedure.
  And again, this is how, this is what underscores a society based on treating its own progeny like medical waste.
  This is how we all go to hell in a handbasket very quickly indeed.
  But let's go to this video.
  These people were pro-choice until they watched this video of an actual abortion.
  And it's not an actual abortion, by the way.
  It's a cartoon graphic of what they do.
  But here is the clip.
  Let's roll it.
  
  What are your thoughts about abortion?
  I think that, um, the women should have the right to choose what they do with their bodies.
  I have to second that, 110%.
  I'm pro-abortion.
  People should have the choice if they're not ready.
  Would you both support abortion all the way up to the moment of birth?
  Oh yeah, I do.
  I do, yes.
  I have nothing against it, and I think, you know, it's a right and a choice for people to exercise it.
  I personally wouldn't do it, but, like, I wouldn't restrict anyone.
  Pro-choice, for sure.
  In one word, can you describe your thoughts on what you saw?
  Disturbing.
  Barbaric.
  Yeah, it does.
  Yeah.
  It's a form of like just taking life and just throw it in the trash.
  That's just, that's too much for me.
  I have children.
  No, I don't think any kid, any baby, any infant, I mean, you know, any fetus should go through that.
  No.
  That's not okay.
  Um, I... That changes my opinion.
  The videos that you guys show me has changed my mind.
  Seeing that was like really sad.
  My name is Dr. Anthony Levatino.
  I'm a practicing obstetrician-gynecologist and I've performed over 1,200 abortions.
  Today I'm going to describe a second trimester surgical abortion called dilatation and evacuation, or D&E.
  A D&E is performed between 13 and 24 weeks of pregnancy.
  After administering anesthesia, the abortionist uses a weighted speculum, like this one, that opens the vagina widely.
  Because second trimester babies are so large, this greater access facilitates a late-term abortion.
  Late-term abortion requires that the cervix be prepared 24 to 48 hours in advance with laminaria.
  Laminaria is a type of sterilized seaweed that absorbs water over 8 to 12 hours and swells to several times its original diameter.
  Once removed, metal dilators can be used to further open the cervix as needed.
  Once the cervix has been stretched open, the suction tube is placed inside.
  A baby at 20 weeks gestation is as big as the length of my hand, from head to rump, not counting the legs.
  The suction machine is turned on, and pale yellow amniotic fluid surrounding the baby is suctioned out through the catheters.
  With babies this big, they don't fit through catheters this size.
  The baby's bones and skull are too strong to be torn apart by suction alone.
  This is a sofa clamp.
  A sofa clamp is made of stainless steel.
  It's about 13 inches long.
  The business end is about two and a half inches long and a half inch wide, and there are rows of sharp teeth.
  This is a grasping instrument.
  When it gets a hold of something, it does not let go.
  The abortionist uses this clamp to grasp an arm or leg.
  Once he has a firm grip, the abortionist pulls hard in order to tear the limb from the baby's body.
  One by one, the rest of the limbs are removed, along with the intestines, the spine, and the heart and lungs.
  Usually the most difficult part of the procedure is extracting the baby's head, which is about the size of a large plum at 20 weeks.
  The head is grasped and crushed.
  The abortionist knows he has crushed the skull when a white substance comes out of the cervix.
  This was the baby's brains.
  The abortionist then removes skull pieces.
  He removes the placenta and any leftover parts of the baby with a curette, scraping the lining of the uterus for any remaining tissue.
  The abortionist then collects the baby parts and reassembles them to make sure that there are two arms, two legs, and all the pieces.
  Once all the parts have been accounted for, the abortion is complete.
  For the woman, this procedure carries a significant risk of major complications, including perforation or laceration of the uterus or cervix, with possible damage to the bowel, bladder, and other maternal organs.
  Infection and hemorrhage can also occur, which can even lead to death.
  Future pregnancies are also at greater risk for loss or premature delivery due to abortion-related trauma and injury to the cervix.
  As I mentioned at the beginning, I'm Dr. Anthony Levatino, and in the early part of my career as an OBGYN, I performed over 1200 abortions.
  One day, after completing one of those abortions, I looked at the remains of a pre-born child whose life I had ended, and all I could see was someone's son or daughter.
  I came to realize that killing a baby at any stage of pregnancy for any reason is wrong.
  I want you to know today, no matter where you're at or what you've done, you can change.
  Make a decision today to protect the pre-born.
  Thank you for your time.
  There you have it.
  Hope you weren't eating your lunch while that was on.
  Let's go through these stats quickly in the final minute though.
  Stats from the Gut Marker Institute, because again, the argument is always what about rape, what about incest?
  Here are the percentage of incest, rape, etc.
  that resulted from that, resulted in an abortion.
  Pregnancy resulted from an incestuous relationship, 0.01% of abortions.
  Woman's life was endangered by the pregnancy, 0.65%.
  The woman was raped, 0.85%.
   percent, the woman was raped 0.85 percent, women's physical health was threatened by
   the pregnancy 0.2 percent, the woman aborted, the babies aborted for social or economic
  reasons that's 6.2 percent of abortions.
  And then no reason given for abortions in America is 92.3%.
  So you add that up, almost 99% of cases of abortion are for social or economic reasons, or simply elected the woman chose to because it was presumably an inconvenience.
  So again, that is defeated, that narrative.
  We'll be back.
  Summit.News, don't go away.
  
   Now every time I host this show each week I say there's a massive story which has been
   completely buried or ignored by the mainstream media which should be a top global headline.
  We had it with the case of Linton on who was the village which they were planning to dump.
  1,500 refugees, migrants on a small village of just 700 residents.
  That started to build once we gave it the coverage it deserved.
  Still an ongoing story that I'm going to talk about.
  But another similar case happened in Italy when a group of 2,000 migrant youths descended on the towns around Lake Garda.
  This is called It Happened Again, and in this video you will once again see how much diversity is a strength.
  let's roll the video.
  
   well, it happened again A major incident occurred recently which in previous years would have gone atop international headlines.
  But because we've all been gently boiled like the frog in the proverbial pot, this huge news story passed virtually unnoticed.
  Except in Italy, where it has caused significant distress and alarm.
  And suffice to say, when it comes to what happened...
  Many such cases.
  On June 2nd, around 2,000 migrant background youths, predominantly North African, besieged Italian towns around Lake Garda.
  After travelling from the migrant suburbs of Milan, Brescia and Bergamo, they arrived in Peschiera waving the flags of various African countries, including Morocco, and shouted slogans such as, We came to reconquer Peschiera.
  This is our territory.
  Africa must come here.
  They organized the event under the slogan, Note the language here.
  This isn't just a boisterous beach party.
  It was a deliberate act of cultural recolonization.
  Before long, the mob exploded into lawlessness, robbing tourists, brawling with knives and sticks, and ransacking local shops and businesses.
  They destroyed everything, said a business owner speaking with Corriera de la Serra.
  They broke shop windows, stormed the tourist train, and blocked passersby on foot or by moped.
  Hey!
   peaceful lakeside vacation. And suddenly there are swarms of migrants fighting
  running battles with riot cops.
  It's gonna ruin your holiday isn't it?
  As in Cologne and as in Milan this past New Year's Eve, we also saw numerous sexual assaults of women.
  This in a country where government statistics show migrants are responsible for 42% of all rapes despite only representing 8% of the population.
  Ten teenage girls were sexually assaulted on one train alone, and six other girls also reported being molested.
  We were surrounded, the heat was suffocating, and some of us fainted, said one of the victims.
  The groups of migrant men groping and molesting the girls told them directly, quote, white girls don't come here.
  The mayor of Pesquera, Orieta Gauli, said, quote, they are just a race of criminals who have left a deep wound in my community.
  We lived.
  A day of war.
  What's noteworthy about this havoc is that it occurred not in a segregated banlieue or a migrant suburb, but amidst the picturesque beauty of an upmarket tourist destination.
   Maybe some wealthy elitists got to experience diversity being a strength up front for the very first time.
  
   As Matteo Salvini emphasized, these so-called "baby gangs", migrant youths aged 16 to 20,
   are allowed to run riot in Italy because the age at which criminal responsibility applies isn't low enough.
  Salvini shared messages showing migrants planning a repeat performance with preparations for more rampant criminality circulating on TikTok.
  Peschiora Delgado was just a warm-up round, said one post.
  See you in Riccione.
  Let's call it the summer of cultural enrichment.
  Turns out that this reconquest of Peschiera is an annual event, and it's been growing every year.
  First 200, then 500, now 2,000 involved, and every year the unrest gets more violent.
  What's even more alarming is that many of these baby gang teens with migrant parents will have been born in Italy!
  Yeah, these are the supposedly well-integrated ones.
   "Terror here in the afternoon with these kids. The kids are crazy, they are well aware of the fact that they are minors
  and untouchable."
   Luca Zaya, the governor of the Veneto region, reacted to the turmoil by asserting,
   "The idea must not pass that events like these can become ordinary, or even worse, that we can become accustomed to
  it."
   And yet events like this have become totally commonplace in many European countries.
  So not others like Hungary and Poland.
  Wonder why that is.
  This all happened just days after similar scenes before the Champions League final in Paris, where visiting supporters were terrorised, robbed and assaulted by huge gangs of migrant youths from the Saint-Denis area, which is home to 400,000 illegal immigrants.
  Again, the vast majority from North Africa and the Middle East.
  Victims said of their attackers, quote, they found our fear amusing.
  After initially trying to frame Liverpool supporters for the chaos, authorities vowed to conduct a full and proper investigation, but then admitted that they had failed to perform the first basic function of any legal investigation by forgetting to ask for the security camera footage from around the stadium.
  Which is all now being conveniently deleted!
  Whoops!
  Another Paris suburb was rocked by further unrest last week when gangs of Afghan and Turkish migrants were involved in large inter-ethnic brawls on two separate occasions.
  If flooding Western countries with economic migrants and refugees is so enriching...
  And such a net positive, as leftists always claim, why do autocrats like Erdogan and Putin constantly threaten to use migrants as a weapon to destabilise European countries by facilitating their entry, en masse, to European countries?
  Are they doing us a favour?
  Because it doesn't feel like it!
  For the first time ever, over 1 million migrants will be eligible to vote in the Swedish national elections.
  And they ain't voting for populist or right-wing parties like the Sweden Democrats.
  A recent survey found that more than half of young people want to leave Africa.
  Their number one destination?
  Europe!
  You can't import such huge numbers of people from Africa at such an accelerated speed and not expect it to radically change Europe.
  And the fact that people merely asking to have a frank conversation about what all that entails are being demonised as extremists...
  Is it not a disgrace?
   There's more uproar generated by banners flown over football matches saying British to be a minority by 2066 than there is by hundreds upon hundreds of illegal boat migrants arriving in England every single day than there was after Salman Abedi, a refugee rescued by our own Royal Navy, being allowed to perpetrate the atrocity at the Manchester Arena because police and security guards refused to act on his suspicious behaviour Because they feared being called racist.
  What happened in France and Italy represents a dire warning to the residents of Linton-on-Ouse.
  That's the tiny English village of just 700 residents that the government planned to dump 1,500 migrants on to be housed at a nearby refugee centre.
   Despite indicating that they may abandon the plan after locals staged vociferous protests, The government has been secretly planning to go ahead with it all anyway.
  Recruitment has already begun to staff the site with 400 employees.
  And according to MP Kevin Hollenrake, facilities are also being moved onto the site.
  The staff are being told that they must prepare to deal with suicide risks, domestic violence situations, violence and antisocial behaviour, and death.
  Up until now, those things probably weren't a prominent feature of village life in Linton-on-Ooze.
  1,500 migrants in a village with just one shop, a few buses that run a day, and 700 residents.
  What could possibly go wrong?
   Well, given the examples of what happened in France and Italy recently,
   they may be about to receive a little more cultural enrichment than they bargained for.
   Now we're going to come back and talk about some more fallout from the Linton-Onoo's scandal.
  An update on that situation.
  The villagers, the residents, are still being kept in the dark as to what's going to happen to their village by the government.
  We're going to get into that and some other censorship news.
  We're also going to tell you what happened to a fish in Belgium.
  Yes, that's an actual news story.
  Summit.News, we'll be back.
  Don't go away.
  I'm going to go to another video here in a minute about refugee protesters, pro-refugee protesters, and how they answered a particular question during demonstrations over the course of the last week.
  But you heard me mention it there in the previous video.
  The besiege of Lake Garda, these gang of 2,000 youth migrants robbing people, smashing up shops, running riot basically, again in a tranquil tourist destination, not in a dangerous no-go zone suburb.
  Of course we have the situation in Linton-on-Ouse.
  This is a small village of 700 people in North Yorkshire, England.
  The government, without any consultation, suddenly announced that they were going to dump 1,500 migrants, all of whom were young, fighting-age men, by the way, on this village of 700 residents with one shop.
  And four buses that run through it a day.
  Completely altering the demographic makeup of the village.
  Of course the residents were outraged, they protested.
  They're still being stonewalled by the government.
  They're not telling them what's happening with this plan at first.
  It looked like they'd backtracked and were about to drop it.
  Then it turned out that they were actually hiring 300 to 400 employees to work at this refugee facility.
  And what would they be tasked with doing?
  Headline staff at Refugee Facility warned they will have to handle violence, anti-social behaviour and death.
  This is the village Linton-on-Ouse.
  Again, 700 permanent residents.
  They plant house.
  1,500 asylum seekers there.
  But the government has been putting out tenders, contracts for applicants, employees to work at this facility, three to four hundred, using Serco, the outsourcing company used by the government.
  And in this job advertisement on the website, it said that staff would need to deal with, quote, urgent medical needs, suicide risks, domestic violence situations, violence and antisocial behavior, death and child safeguarding needs.
   But again, as I point out in the article, Death, suicide, violent antisocial behavior is probably a part of village life that the 700 residents of this sleepy village, Linton-on-Ouse, aren't quite familiar with, but they will get to enjoy that kind of cultural enrichment if and when the government approves this plan.
   Let's go to this video now though, because Amidst all this protesting over the government's plan to deport migrants to Rwanda, which they basically failed to deport any because all these activist judges, left-wing protesters and the European Court of Human Rights stepped in and prevented them from doing so, protesters at a refugee welcome rally in London were asked to consider housing a refugee and suffice to say they weren't very welcoming towards refugees.
  Let's roll the clip.
  Refugees welcome, eh?
  I just noticed your placard saying refugees welcome here.
  I was just wondering if you'd like to go down on a list saying you're willing to take the refugees into your home.
  But maybe not in my backyard.
  Are you going to actually adopt a refugee and take them into your home?
  Well, if I had any space, I would.
  But yeah, it wouldn't be a nice place to bring them because it's a bit over-crowded.
  Right, so your home is too overcrowded to take them.
  Yet you think our country has all the room required.
  Is that why they're planning to house 1,500 of them in a village of just 700 residents?
  Sounds a bit... What's the word?
  Oh yeah, crowded.
  Overcrowded.
  The UK is one of the most densely populated countries in Europe.
  The roads are clogged, public transport is rammed, and public services are stretched to breaking point.
  How is that not overcrowded?
  No, I'm sorry, I can't.
  You can't take one?
  I don't have... I don't have... I don't have... I don't have the space.
  Yeah, we don't have space either.
  Space to keep relentlessly building houses, many of them on greenbelt sites, to accommodate 300,000 net immigrants every single year.
  Do you want to have a refugee stay at your house?
  Yeah, I don't mind.
  You'll go on the list?
  I don't mind, yeah.
  I can't take him in, I think.
  Oh wait, I can't, because my house is only a little small.
  Amazing.
  Would you be willing to have a refugee in your home?
  Yes, if I had room.
  If you had room.
  It's funny, that.
  Do any of these protesters have a spare bedroom?
  Not a single one?
  To adopt a refugee?
  No, thank you.
  Well, at least you didn't try and pull the same excuse.
  No, I don't.
  What sort of refugee are you talking about?
  What sort of refugee?
  Well, according to government statistics, nine out of ten arriving in boats are young males aged 18 to 39.
  So yeah, that sort.
  The culturally enriching sort.
  Not helpless women and children, despite the propaganda being doled out by the media and the government.
  Excuse me, would you be willing to adopt a refugee into your home?
  No, no.
  But they told me diversity's a string.
  Would you adopt a refugee into your home?
  No, thank you.
  No?
  So long as that diversity stays well away from their neighbourhood.
  Would you adopt a refugee?
  Erm, I would be willing, yeah.
  If I had the space, yeah.
  If you had the space?
  Yeah.
  So, where should we put them then?
  30,000 hotel rooms at an expense to the taxpayer of five million quid a day.
  Obviously.
  What does racism mean to you?
  It means not equality for those who don't, can't belong here.
  For those that don't belong here?
  Yeah.
  Amazing.
  Wow, now I'm totally convinced.
  Now I want to go to this final video here in the final few minutes because we had a headline student kicked out of UK College for supporting deportation of illegal immigrants.
  This was a 17 year old kicked out of Burnley College refused to take up his second year basically because he tweeted support for the government's actual policy, failure though it is, of deporting illegal migrants to Rwanda.
  Here's a 17-year-old boy is basically being cancelled.
  We get people being arrested to the tune of over 3,000 a year for offensive tweets in the United Kingdom.
  But now the police have announced that they're no longer dispatching officers to respond to burglaries and are completely failing to solve any of them.
  But they have plenty of resources to thought patrol your mean tweets.
  This video is Clown World Police.
  Here it is.
  The Daily Mail reports police have failed to solve a single burglary in nearly half of the country's neighbourhoods over the past three years.
  Oh wow, who could have seen this coming?
  Of more than 32,000 communities analysed, 16,000, equivalent to 46%, had all their burglary cases in a three-year period closed with no suspect charged by police.
  Almost 2,000 of the neighbourhoods, each containing around 3,000 residents, recorded at least 25 burglaries, but none were solved.
   Despite the impact on victims, it was revealed that some forces What is considered a policing priority these days?
  Arresting over 3,000 people a year for offensive online comments?
  That's more of a priority.
  Arresting and convicting a man for posting offensive George Floyd memes in a private chat group than sending him to prison for 20 weeks.
  That's more of a priority.
  Investigating and interrogating a Humberside man because he liked a tweet deemed to be transphobic.
  Didn't even tweet it, merely liked the tweet.
  That's more of a priority.
  Charging a 50-year-old mother in Scotland with a transphobic hate crime for retweeting an image of a suffragette.
  Jet ribbon. That's more of a priority.
   Arresting a 38 year old woman in front of her own children and locking her up for 7 hours
  because she referred to a transgender woman as a man.
  That's more of a priority.
  Creating ad campaigns for International Pronouns Day.
  Warning people that misgendering others is a form of abuse.
  That's more of a priority.
  Creating public awareness campaigns where cops stand outside supermarkets with giant billboards that ominously warn, being offensive is an offence.
  That's more of a priority.
  Maybe in future homeowners should just tell the police that during the burglary the robber made a racist comment.
  Maybe then they'll actually respond, criminal burglars house.
  person who's offensive on social media.
  
  Oh please, show me your hands!
   Now I talked before about what happened in Lake Garda, Italy,
   with this mob of 2000 migrant youths running rampage through the streets,
   and I also promised to tell you about what happened to a fish in Belgium.
  Yes, we have another example of cultural enrichment, this time at a water park near Ghent.
   Police in Belgium are looking for a group of migrant background youths, and it's the usual demographic, North African, Middle Eastern, Who filmed themselves abusing a fish at a water park near Ghent.
  Some cultures are better than others.
  A clip of the animal abuse was posted on TikTok.
  Basically they find this large carp, throw it around a bit, torture it a bit, push it down a water slide.
  Apparently that's really funny and requires the involvement of about two dozen people.
  Police are now looking for the suspects after members of the public reported the incident as animal abuse after it went viral on TikTok.
  Now, this always happens in the summer, these kind of scenes, because we have numerous altercations that occur at outdoor swimming parks and water parks of this nature.
  Predominantly involving groups of migrant youths and migrant men.
  This happens on a regular basis and it's happening once again this year.
  Remix News reports 65% of French people feel there is too much immigration in their country.
  Of course we had the unprecedented success of Marine Le Pen and her National Rally Party on Monday.
  Achieving 88 seats in Parliament.
  Well now two-thirds of French people believe that immigration levels are too high in the country.
  A new poll has revealed.
  Of course we had Le Pen victorious.
  She's hopefully going to address that and we're going to start to roll back some of this accelerating demographic influx.
  That's going to wrap it up for Summit News Hour.
  War Room is coming up next.
  Stay tuned.
  The Oscar winners give a press conference and how to buy a sailboat.
  I guess my feeling at this point in time is maybe we need to be completely a little bit more scary for the public.
  Especially with the Delta variant, which is the hardiest and most contagious variant we've seen to date.
  We need all the protection that we can get.
  That's why the vaccines are so effective.
  This is a pandemic of the unvaccinated.
  We've got to get them vaccinated, and hopefully they will do it willingly.
  I think we really need to make it clear that there are privileges associated with being an American.
  We have to be more calm, we have to be more forceful.
  If you do not want to get vaccinated, you can work from home, you can homeschool your children, you can shop online.
  So where is this coming from, people saying, I'm now being forced to be vaccinated?
  If you want to travel, you better go get that vaccine.
  You should be wearing masks even when you are vaccinated if you are indoors.
  If you wish to have these privileges, you need to get vaccinated.
  We have to say something coming out, you know, you don't get vaccinated, you know you're going to die.
  I mean, let's just be really blunt to these people.
  Get vaccinated.
  
   You've always thought you couldn't care-press on males because of all the active things you do?
  Recolored in seven luscious hues.
  Just... Our impulses are being redirected.
  We are living in an artificially induced state of consciousness that resembles sleep.
  These signals being sent through time.
  There is a war on for your mind.
  Our signal has reached more than 2 billion people.
  But the enemy is now aware of the fact that we've broken through and are moving to block us on every front.
  The only way you're going to be able to see our videos and articles is to visit InfoWars.com itself and hand-share the videos and articles to everyone you know.
  The signal is getting through and is exposing and defeating the globalists when we're able to get it through.
  But they're admittedly expanding their operations to suppress us, so only you can boost the signal.
  Only you can defeat the globalists.
  We're in this together.
  I salute you for your work and I ask all of you to redouble your efforts.
  If you are receiving this transmission, you are our resistance.
  So the worst possible thing you could do is vaccinate somebody to prevent infection and actually make them worse.
  mRNA is messenger RNA.
  It's a message that's being sent from your DNA to your cells, telling your cells what to do to maintain health.
  In this case, create a protein.
  Any technology that does something brand new inside of our bodies needs to be watched for years, if not decades.
  If they tell you that it's safe and effective, they're lying because we don't have the data yet.
  They need to tell you that you are part of a stage four research experiment.
  You are the lab rat.
  You are the guinea pig.
  This is a scientific dictatorship.
  This is the greatest hoax and the greatest power grab in human history.
  Get your DVD copy of COVID Land 3 The Shot at infowarsstore.com.