You've all heard the story of the frog in the pot, and it's true.
  If you throw a frog into cold water, and slowly turn up the heat, it'll slowly get warm, and then hot, and then boiling, and the frog will roll over and die.
  If you throw a frog into boiling water, it will jump out.
  And we should call this the Boiled Frog Society, because everything revolves around that with behavioral psychology.
  And again, I don't say this like it's cool.
  Do you understand?
   because you have off-record meetings that are off-record and I've never
   violated that. That they told me all this and they said you're not gonna stop us.
  The public's too weak.
  They have to be dealt with.
  And if you behave like that, and if you don't rise to the occasion and get out of your trance, then they believe metaphysically they're allowed to slowly dumb you down, impoverish you, suck everything out of you, and kill you.
  Rallying patriots worldwide in defense of human liberty.
  It's Alex Jones.
  
  InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's News Today.
  
  
   Why did the Supreme Court do the right thing and overturn Roe v. Wade
  just under the Constitution to kick him back to the states?
  One of the reasons why this issue is so hotly contested in the United States is that it wasn't decided by the people through the democratic process of the legislatures and now it will be and it will go to the states where those states will be able to reflect the will and the views of the people who live there.
   A lot of reasons, but the big one is that we have 3D modeling and 3D scans in HD for
  now 20 plus years of babies in the womb.
   womb, sucking their thumbs and even two, three months playing,
  dancing. And we know that's a human.
   And then you've got the pro abortion crowd saying it's a satanic
   sacrament in court saying, we're going to kill those little bastards wearing
   shirts, celebrating. Yeah. I killed my baby. I'm going to kill more.
   And really showing us how sick and evil they are and their cult of death.
  Now it's not a total overturn of Roe v. Wade saying that it's illegal.
  Well, states can't announce slavery is legal again.
  The statement has been made that the government has a right to come in your home and tell you as a woman and as a family what you should do with your body.
  This is not about freedom or personal choice.
  We also know that we've had a history in this country of government trying to claim ownership over human bodies.
  Exactly!
  States can't announce they can take your guns.
  States can't announce any of that in our republic system.
  It was the left's celebration of killing babies up to their due date.
  And then multiple states, like New York, passing laws you could kill babies for weeks after birth?
  I'm talking about your bill.
  How late in the third trimester could a physician perform an abortion if he indicated it would impair the mental health of the woman?
  So, I mean, through the third trimester.
  The third trimester goes all the way up to 40 weeks.
  Okay, but to the end of the third trimester?
  I don't think we have a limit in the bill.
   where it's obvious that a woman is about to give birth, she has physical signs that she is about to give a birth.
   Would that still be a point at which she could request an abortion if she was so certified?
  Uh, Mr. Chairman, that would be a, you know, a decision that the doctor, the physician, and the woman would make at that point.
  I understand that.
  I'm asking if your bill allows that.
  My bill would allow that, yes.
  And people were like, what the hell is this?
  And finally started waking up out of their comas.
  I am Dr. Bernard N. Nasonson, formerly the director of the largest abortion clinic in the Western world, and I am the last surviving founding member of NARAL, a pro-abortion organization which brought legal abortion to the entire United States.
  I am personally responsible for over 75,000 abortions.
  We founded NARAL in the late 1960s with our purpose to export our pro-abortion mentality everywhere.
  To achieve that end, we adopted a strategy to deny what we knew to be true, that abortion kills an existing, living human being.
  We denied that fact in an effort to mislead the American public and the courts of this land.
  This was the greatest mistake of my life and legal abortion was the greatest mistake this nation has ever conceived.
  This shows in this sea of evil and corruption and collapsing borders and devalued currencies and pedophilia and world government attacks on the family and all of it.
  That humanity is coming back.
  It's Thursday, July 7th, 2022.
  We got a big broadcast, open phones and so much breaking news and big developments on the total destruction of the Georgia Guidestones.
  That's right.
  They're totally knocked down now with an hours of the explosion blowing off one third of the satanic depopulation obelisk.
  We'll be right back.
  This is InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's news today.
  Tell everybody you know.
  Tune in now.
  Here we are, another live transmission in defiance of the censors and tyrants.
  It is Thursday, July 7th, 2022.
  I'm your host, Alex Jones, coming to you from the embattled Central Texas Studios in Austin, broadcasting worldwide.
  All right, I really love taking phone calls, so we're going to take phone calls throughout the broadcast today, starting at the bottom of the hour, and I'm going to give the number out, and we'll take calls right through the entire transmission on any subject or anything you'd like to bring up or discuss.
  It is a live Thursday broadcast.
  Georgia Guidestones, ladies and gentlemen, are totally and absolutely destroyed, and that has really captured the public's imagination.
  So again, the live show headline today says it all.
  Georgia Guidestones completely demolished within hours of mystery bombings.
  And so much more that we're going to be laying out here today.
  I really want to try to do my best here today.
  I'm going to rebroadcast for a little while.
  And then I'm gonna come back and try to do the show.
  But there's just a lot that needs to be discussed and a lot that needs to be broken down obviously here.
  And we're gonna be laying it all out today.
  The CERN superconducting supercollider.
  We're gonna be looking at the moves against the Second Amendment.
  The world economy spiraling downward into a black hole.
  We have the fact that Biden is selling the strategic oil reserves to foreign countries while cutting off our oil supply.
  It's all coming up here today, but I want to air this Gregg Reese report.
  It's very, very important.
  The demonic dimensions and the mysterious CERN system being fired back up here in just a moment.
  And then I'm going to continue on with the news and information here today.
  Alright, here's that report.
  
   While 80% of the world's population continues on with oil and gas,
   the United States and a small handful of Western nations have decided to go green,
  even if it kills everyone.
  They have already admitted that the disruptive economic burden this will cause is exactly the sort of pressure required to inspire the innovation needed to make it all work, someday.
  Because that's the plan.
  There are no viable solutions to replace oil and gas.
  So the sooner we can figure it out, the sooner we can stop the endless rise of inflation, starvation, and death that will obviously result from shutting off our energy taps.
  And a new company has already appeared, albeit with a bizarre solution to our problems.
  A massive meat rendering facility is set to break ground next year in Rapid City, South Dakota, and be completed by 2026.
  With the ordinary name, the Western Legacy Development Corporation, one might never guess how innovative this company actually is.
  The Western Legacy Development Corporation will process cattle and bison completely with robotics and artificial intelligence, including new laser technology air knives that use a high-velocity airstream to de-hide the animals.
  The Western Legacy Development Corporation is building a massive 1 million square foot meat factory that will be operating at levels as high as 8,000 cattle per day.
  Now, one might ask, what about all this social engineering to stop eating real beef and get used to eating lab-grown meat and bugs?
  Aren't we being told that cow farts are bad for the environment?
  Well, as it turns out, the Western Legacy Development Corporation isn't necessarily going to be processing 3 million cattle per year for food.
  The Western Legacy Development Corporation will be collecting animal fat to be used as feed and fuel.
  A biofuel that they will use to power their very own 1 million square foot facility.
  Now how green is that?
  Well, maybe not small-farm, grass-fed level green, but still, it's pretty green.
  Rapid City is a small town, and many residents are asking, where will they get 8,000 cattle a day?
  And where will they keep them?
  And where will they get 2,500 employees, which is 3% of their population?
  And where will they house them?
  These questions weren't really answered, but we do know that they plan to have a thriving rail system.
  That will be offloading thousands of cattle each and every day directly into the AI robot laser slaughterhouse for immediate processing.
  So they won't need to store the cattle anywhere.
   Now, while this may sound like some sort of crazy economist's solution to cleaning up a mass murder, or even some kind of Soylent Green scenario where the government is chopping up people in a factory for food, and in this case, energy, We are told that it's all for the environment, so I'm sure it's all good.
  And hey, at least we won't be burning any more oil, like the rest of the world.
  And don't worry, trust the science.
  Russia, Russia, Russia.
  And remember the plan.
  Once we really start suffering, someone will eventually think of a solution.
  And if not, at least we were willing to die for a criminal government run by pedophiles.
  Reporting for InfoWars, this is Greg Reese.
  You know, here's what's going on.
  And I'm going to come back and I'm going to talk about this in detail.
  And when I say this, I'm really disappointed with myself.
  But I really, I really want to just cut the brass tacks to the very base of what's happening.
  And I want to explain something to people very, very slowly and very, very calmly, like this is the last broadcast I'm ever going to do.
  Because I, I may walk out of here and never come back.
  In fact, I think there's something avant garde about that.
  I like the crew.
  I care about them.
  I care about the viewers and listeners.
  We've been through a lot.
  But I think things are so bad.
  And I really think we do deserve to die.
  And I've really thought about how to present this to people.
  And I've thought about doing a satirical show where I am basically supporting Bill Gates, so you get their perspective.
  But I just don't think, I really don't think that's needed.
  I think you need to die, just like all the unborn children and all the starving people in the third world.
  And you will die.
  I told Rob Doo and Darren McBrain, I said, you and your family will be dead in 10 years, just so you know.
  Told me that this morning.
   And see, I don't say that to be dramatic.
  I would be a liar if I didn't tell people I care about you and your family are dead.
  You see?
  Because behavioral psychologists run this whole thing and they are introducing us to collapse and it's getting us comfortable with it.
  So we all just sit here entertained while we sink into the mud.
  And I could play you all these incredible clips to make the show incredibly entertaining and still do some good exposing the New World Order, but that doesn't really at the end of the day win the war.
  I mean, all the idiots going along with this, they're the worst.
  I mean, they think they're on a winning team, going along with the New World Order?
  Then you've got the unwashed, unconscious masses, and then you've got those of us that know what's going on, but we still don't really take it seriously, do we?
  We still don't let it really burn in, what's happening.
  You know, I was quite a history buff.
  Growing up, I just found it way more entertaining than science fiction and comic books that I was into.
  I was a great reader.
  I was reading at like a high school level when I was about six.
  And as soon as I discovered history at about eight, I didn't read a lot of science fiction or comic books anymore because real stuff was way more interesting.
   And by the time I was about 14, I was reading PhD books on geopolitics and the rest of it.
  And I'm not bragging that I did that, that's what I did.
   And so, then it was more of entertainment for 'em to know all this.
   Now it's not so entertaining to me having it done to me and my family.
   So, we don't need to blow up the Georgia Guidestones,
   which has been done, everybody's celebrating, I can't say I don't like it at the end of the day.
  We need to blow up, politically, the ideas of the globalists to defeat them.
  Non-violently.
  I'm gonna try to lay this out when we come back, but if we don't get out of our coma, we're dead.
  So the planet is almost under the complete control at the top by criminal corporations sworn to bring in world government and depopulate us down to 500 million.
  That's what the Georgia Guides don't state.
  That's the official UN policy.
  That's what comes out of Ted Turner and David Rockefeller and Prince Charles and Prince Philip and Bill Gates's filthy, murderous mouths.
  So let's just cut to the chase here with everybody.
  They're using behavioral psychology against us, and if you don't fully wake up to what they're doing and just understand it's a program of attack, and then resist it, instead of debating and arguing every disinfo piece they put out, it's over.
  We need a sense of urgency to cut through the propaganda and the lies and to bring out what is happening in the real world in front of everyone.
  That collapsed the third world by shutting them down under IMF World Bank control during two plus years of lockdowns to flood the first world and bring us down.
  The accelerated devaluation of our currencies and weaponized inflation against the middle class and small businesses to get rid of the globalist competition and any infrastructure that could help the public and ever regrow a real economy.
  You've all heard the story of the frog in the pot and it's true.
  If you throw a frog into cold water, and slowly turn up the heat, it'll slowly get warm, and then hot, and then boiling, and the frog will roll over and die.
  If you throw a frog into boiling water, it will jump out.
  And, we should call this the Boiled Frog Society, because everything revolves around that with behavioral psychology.
  And again, I don't say this like it's cool.
  Do you understand?
   because you have off-record meetings that are off-record and I've never
   violated that. That they told me all this and they said you're not gonna stop us.
  The public's too weak.
  They have to be dealt with.
  And if you behave like that, and if you don't rise to the occasion and get out of your trance, then they believe metaphysically they're allowed to slowly dumb you down, impoverish you, suck everything out of you, and kill you.
  So before the break, I was starting to pontificate about reading a lot of history books.
  I mean, I don't want to exaggerate.
  I probably read a hundred books on the Roman Empire.
  Very fascinating.
  From the rise of the Republic, and the Golden Era, and then the long decline for 400 years after Julius Caesar.
  Marking from Caesar 400 years forward to the sacking of Rome by Visigoths in 410.
   And I remember reading The Roman histories that were written at the time and survived, and the Jewish histories, they wrote a lot of history as well.
  And they matched up, they were basically the same report.
  And they were Persian histories of what happened to the Romans.
   But I remember reading about how as the Roman Empire began to implode, they would have the
   barbarians coming closer and closer to Rome and taking routinely more and more of Italy.
   they would have the barbarians coming closer and closer to Rome and taking routinely more
   and more of Italy, that the Roman city state and empire was based in.
   And finally, in the last year before Rome fell, the scouts and the generals were bringing
   back reports saying, "We've got to raise taxes, we've got to mobilize troops, we've got to
   push them back over the Rubicon River, they are about to sack Rome."
   And the decadent population, not just the elite, said, "That'll never happen.
   It's impossible, we can't fall, just like we think America can't fall."
  And then of course, it all got sacked and burned down.
  Part of the Roman Empire lived on for a long time until the Muslims sacked Constantinople.
  And that was the final nail in the coffin of what we knew as a civilization.
  And it's the exact same thing here.
   I mean, we The barbarians have had their country shut down and they're starving to death.
  They're coming here.
  Millions a month.
  A quarter of the population of Central America has migrated here in the last two years.
  They have no jobs.
  They have no future.
  They'll be organized into political army and a permanent underclass.
  They're not our enemy, but they're being used as a weapon.
  A battle axe is not my enemy, but if someone's hitting me in the head with it, it's killing me.
  So I don't hate them.
  I just know they're a weapon.
  They've already been hit by the same globalist hitting us.
  They're actually our brothers and sisters.
  But just because you're in a lifeboat that can hold 20 people and 100 want to climb on board, you're all going to die.
  Instead of stopping the UN policies that collapse their countries, we'll now mitigate them flooding us, which is unmitigatable.
  So, here's where we are.
  If we don't have a sense of urgency, if we don't have a sense of commitment to expose this, and if we don't move against it, we are going to lose.
  And I'm not going to join the globalists.
  I can make one phone call still and all their attacks, all their lawsuits, all their deplatforming, it will all end just like that.
  I can snap my fingers and join them like that.
  But my soul is on the line, and I'm not going to sell my soul for 30 pieces of silver.
  But those of you that want to live in denial, those of you that serve the system, do you know how much grave danger you're in?
  Do you realize you're useful idiots that lower the drawbridge to the enemy, and then you don't think once the enemy takes over, you're not the first people they're going to imprison, the first people they're going to string up?
  These takeovers throughout history always, as the default, kill the traitors.
  And they finally come to those that fought and say, you were not traitors, and we know you're men of your words.
   We want you to manage your people now or we're gonna kill your children.
  They'll come to me once you've all been destroyed.
  And they'll say, Jones, now do you finally see?
  We want you to help manage these people.
  We want you to help now reorganize things.
  See, I don't want to get to that point.
  When they got a gun to my family's head.
  And just like I told you what was coming in the future, I'm telling you what's coming now.
  And it will happen.
   It may not happen exactly On the date I predict it might happen, but it'll happen.
  I mean, let me explain something to you.
  I don't just have Roger Stone, who talked to Trump last week, who said he's going to announce in July.
  He might change his mind.
  I don't just have other Congress people I've talked to that have met with Trump.
  He is running.
  He is set to announce.
  He said he might do it on July 4th, probably would, but would do it by the end of July.
  And now his plane is repainted with a big American flag on it, and he released a video of that.
  Just because what Alex Jones predicts doesn't come true right when I think is the spot, doesn't mean it's not going to come true.
  But I'm not always right.
  Sometimes we expose the globalists and fight them and they back off.
  But I live in this fight.
  This is all I do.
  And when you finally wake up to the fact you're under attack and you look around, you'll realize how real this is.
  And I just want to say to the people that are under delusion and serving the enemy, you're fools.
  I mean, you'll be destroyed just like us.
  And to the people on the bench, man, I really feel sorry for you.
  But for those of us that are awake, we better all be the most active we've ever been now.
  Because our lives depend on it.
  We'll be right back.
  Stay with us.
  So, my friends, the hour is not late.
  The hour is not two minutes to midnight to be inside the jaws of the New World Order.
  We are now in the jaws of this giant snake.
  We are now being swallowed headfirst because we're in a coma into the stinking, black, satanic maw of the technocracy.
  Yes, there's a lot of positive news.
  Yes, a lot of humanity is starting to wake up.
  But if you just wake up to the New World Order and you don't stand against it, if you don't resist it, if you don't pray against it, if you don't economically fight it, if you don't politically resist it, you will be destroyed.
  Being awake when you're lined up in front of a firing squad doesn't save you.
  I've got a lot of news and a lot of calls and a lot of information to get to here today.
  But I just want to impart urgency on the viewers and listeners and on the prominent people that tune in daily to this show, this broadcast, to realize just how serious the cost is and that it is extremely painful to face the truth, but it is the only way to make it through this.
   And that's why When I see their systematic annihilation of the Western world, their systematic destruction and collapse of the Third World, the systematic ordered Great Reset, and I just look at our enemies getting away with it and smiling and laughing, it is so painful.
  To know what's coming next.
  And I'll tell you, I'm not going to walk out of here, I'm not going to stop doing the broadcast, but where we're going with the surveillance and the censorship and the debanking and the attacks is that place regardless.
  And so I am simply preparing myself and preparing you.
   Because if you're not mentally and spiritually prepared, if you're not right with God about what is currently going
   down, you and I and nobody else has a hope in hell.
   The United States is under systematic attack from without and within.
  
   And if you think things are bad now, I will assure you, you will look back in 2022 as the good old days.
  Just as I told you in the year 2020, you'd look in a few years as that as the good old days.
  Right on time, they're announcing the carbon lockdowns.
  Right on time, they're announcing the ban of cows.
  Right on time, they're announcing open pedophilia.
  Right on time, they're announcing they're not going to test any of the so-called vaccines and just force them on you now.
  It is so diabolical.
  So illegal.
  So outrageous.
  I have the insurance actuaries and the new Pfizer documents that were forced to release by a court, and it's confirming triple the deaths of people that have been taking the shots.
  Mass death in children and young people.
  Mass autoimmune disorders.
  Just this stack alone is enough to make a grown man cry.
  And then I've got a stack of news of prominent leftists caught recruiting and raping children and with child porn.
  And people say, well, that's good news.
  They're getting busted.
  Exactly.
  But that's why they're racing to normalize it.
  That's one stack.
  This stat ties into what I was just talking about.
  UN, the very group, the very front group running all this that ran the policies of lockdowns, reports that 345 million people are marching to the brink of starvation.
  An extra 30 million people, it was 15 extra million, are starving to death each year because of the COVID lockdowns.
  Those are real people starving to death.
  Those are real people dying.
  And here it's just an article.
  It's just a statistic.
  It's just a number.
  Do you feel safe when that's happening to these people?
  Does that make you sleep good at night?
  Does that concern you?
  And then we've got the Georgia Guidestone News.
  We've got mainstream media saying Trump's got his new plane repainted for 2024 ready with a big American flag on it.
  And we've got Boris Johnson resigning.
  We've got the big economic stack of news.
  We've got more Disneyland employees caught being pedophiles.
  We've got Army cuts off more than 60,000 troops.
  Unvaccinated Guard and Reserve soldiers from paying benefits.
   We've got massive hadron Superconducting, Super Collider, Nez.
  We've got it all.
  All the new pushes for gun control.
  All of it here.
  But what is the progenitor?
  What is the generator?
  What is the fount?
  What is the place from which this flows?
  And it is the psychotic globalist.
  You know, Boris Johnson poses a patriot and brought an incredible tyranny.
  And now he's being flushed down the proverbial historical drain.
  And that's the same story for Joe Biden.
  So I don't like Boris Johnson.
  I don't like Joe Biden.
  But if you focus your disgust with them, like a row of shark teeth, they'll fall out and a new row will row forward.
  A new row will swing into play and then you'll blame that row of teeth.
  And then another row of teeth will come forward.
  Instead of blaming the shark, the megalodonic, satanic, transhumanist system attacking.
  He'll be given hundreds of millions of dollars.
  He'll be rehabilitated.
  He'll be promoted to the UN for his job well done.
  But he is just a puppet.
  So the whole sport of making fun of Biden, and we're guilty of it too, and the whole sport of laughing at Kamala Harris.
  Yeah, they're pathetic because they're slaves, because they're placeholders, because they're minions, because they're front people, because they're foils, because they're quislings, because they're Benedict Arnolds.
  We have to identify the ruling globalist cabal that put up those Georgia Guidestones.
  As the central cancer from which everything else metastasizes.
  And the good news is that's happening.
  We were the first three months ago to start beating the drum to impeach Joe Biden.
  Even if they don't have the votes, it'll focus on his crimes and who controls him.
  And it's the right thing to do when someone's cutting off your energy, annihilating your borders, promoting pedophilia, launching wars, destroying the currency.
  Creating division, trying to force poison inoculations, to take control of the narrative, and to put him on trial!
  Thank God Tucker Carlson came out and seconded that last night, and so has MTG, and so many other great leaders.
  And so I say to this audience of activists, I salute you.
  We're taking action and setting brush fires in the minds of men and women everywhere and doing what you've done the last three months, hammering that point.
  And it's in that example that we can move forward and we can win.
  Remove the puppet Biden.
  Remove the other puppets.
  Let the globalists know we won't put up with their crap and make sure the next person they try to insert doesn't try what they've done again.
  You identify them, you turn the lights on, it's game over.
  I'm going to give the number out right now to cover any issue or any topic you want to discuss, the guidestones, the economy, strategic oil reserve being sold to foreign governments while our pipelines are shut off.
  All of it is coming up in the next hour.
  The toll-free number to join us is 877-789-2539.
  877-789-Alex.
  877-789-2539.
  You can disagree.
  You can agree.
  You can be a first-time caller.
  You can be a regular caller.
   seven eight nine Alex eight seven eight nine two five three
   nine you can disagree you can agree you can be a first-time caller it can be a
   regular caller we want to hear from you at eight seven eight nine
   two five three nine and we will hit I'm gonna look at all this news during the
   break and I'm gonna think what's most important and I'm gonna come back and
   cover it we come back in t-minus four minutes straight ahead
  But remember, this is not a spectator sport.
  This is the fight for liberty.
  Overriding the censors is paramount, is central, is critical.
  So share the links and share the information.
   When you have empathy, when you're connected to everybody, When you're dialed in to God, like I know so many of you tuned in right now are, it's very painful to watch what's happening.
  But it's all part of it.
  Separating the wheat from the chaff, the gold from the pewter, the clay from the silver.
  And that's where we are today.
  Making a decision about infinity.
  About eternity.
  I'll be taking your phone calls coming up next hour.
  Phone lines are loaded up right now.
  But I just want to say this.
  Just like they put the frog into the cold water and slowly turn up the heat, they're killing us.
  And we have to recognize it.
  We have to become conscious.
  We have to become aware of it.
  And we have to not submit to it.
  We have to know where we are and recognize we're under attack.
  And we have to climb out.
  But in the process of climbing out of that hot water, it's now killing us.
  We have to warn others.
  Because even if you don't care about the general public or your fellow man, which I know most of you do, we need them to save us.
  They need us to save them.
  That is the golden rule.
  Do unto others as you have done unto you.
  And Christ said, I'll take it further, no greater thing can a man do than lay down his life for his brother or a stranger.
  Now that sounds very selfless.
  And it is.
  And it's done from a place of goodness.
  But you know the type of society we'll live in?
  Where people will lay down their life for their brother or sister or their neighbor or someone they don't know?
  That's a good society.
  That's a strong society.
  And that's a safe society.
  And a prosperous society.
  And a creative society.
  And an amazing society.
  So really, not being willing to lay down your life, you lose your life.
  You know that.
  It's a fact.
  And that's where our evil cities are.
  That's where our corrupt towns are.
  That's where our out-of-control families are.
  And please know, I'm not on some high horse.
  I am a lustful, aggressive, savage person.
  I've repented of it.
  But when somebody attacks me, I enjoy beating their brains out.
  I repent.
  I don't fight the globalists to beat their brains out.
  I fight them to get them off our children.
  And I fight them because God has commanded me to do so.
  Alright, a lot of this is, I've been doing this 28 years on air.
  I come in here, I look at all this news.
  I was looking at it last night, this morning, and it's just insane.
  And I don't want to say I'm tired, but it's like eating your vomit.
  To read all this, to watch all these clips, and then to play it, I don't know how to explain it.
   It's like, Doing play-by-play commentary of the destruction of the human race is not like being Madden giving play-by-play for the NFL.
  This is not entertainment.
   And when I get to this place sometimes, this is when I have trouble even doing the show because I'm trying to force myself to cover this, and I don't want to look at the Netflix pedophile star.
  I don't want to look at the latest videos we've got.
  I said within one year they'll be having sex with children at the sex bars.
  It's basically already started.
   And then there's a whole paradox of we shouldn't even play stuff like this on air, but then how the hell do you warn
  people what's going on?
   It's time to do this I'm going to do what I know I need to do.
  And then I'm going to move on.
  We need your funding to stay on air.
  I don't want to prove to you how much we need funding to stay on air by imploding or shutting down.
  I want to thank you all for your previous support, plus we've got great products you need.
  I need everybody listening to get off the fence, get off the bench.
  Those that haven't supported, those that haven't bought products particularly, because I know a lot of you have done more than you should.
  You know you've got great products.
  And just to go to InfoWarsTore.com with the big July 4th special.
  Everybody needs a multivitamin mineral.
  And we did a hair and beard support that's just a really strong multivitamin mineral.
  Men, women, children, it's great.
  Of course, it makes your hair grow better and be healthier because it's a high-end multivitamin mineral.
  It's below cost at 75% off because a lot of the stuff sells out and they're best sellers.
  People don't want hair and beard formula.
  So we got a bunch of that.
  Not soon.
  It's selling very fast now.
  So get that at InfoWarsTore.com.
  Get X2, which we'll sell out.
  That is a total game-changer.
  It's a best-seller.
  Forty percent off.
  Find out what the iodine deficiencies in almost everybody have done.
  Take pure iodine.
  It goes right into your cells, right into your blood.
  Total atomic iodine.
  InfoWarsTore.com.
  I don't want anything else you've ever taken.
  Get the Krill Oil, get the Fish Oil, get the Vaseline, get the Ultra 12, highest quality B12 back in stock.
  And keep us on air, ladies and gentlemen, while getting great products at the same time.
  And I gotta tell you, we got big donations a few months ago.
  I thought it put us way in the black.
  We've done all the accounting and numbers.
  It's biblical.
  It's exactly what we needed just to get fair and square, just to pay our back bills for bandwidth and everything else, and you name it.
  Oh man, everything was in the rears.
  I didn't know how bad it was.
  And now I'm barely in the black.
  I need to not spend all my time raising money.
  I'm not bitching, but I need your support.
  InfoWarsTore.com.
  Or 888-253-3139.
  And for all the preparedness items and storable food ready to ship, preparetoday.com.
  Preparetoday.com.
  All right, we're going to start the next hour.
  Go to your phone calls, cover all the news and so much more.
  But here's Tucker Carlson last night calling.
  It was a long 15 minute segment.
  Here's three minutes of it.
  Three and a half minutes of it.
  Calling for the impeachment of Joe Biden and why it's so important, because he is the figurehead destroying our country.
  And we'll be right back.
  Stay with us.
  The point of the Joe Biden presidency is to humiliate the rest of us and think less of our own country, the place where we were born.
  You can just imagine Barack Obama and Susan Rice and Ron Klain, people who truly dislike the United States as currently constituted, saying, let's make this guy president.
  That'll grind it in their face, a guy who can barely talk.
  So it's hard to hear anything Joe Biden says because it's hard for him to say anything.
  But if you listen carefully or read a transcript, you will learn what he just said, is that we're releasing a million barrels per day.
  For a total of more than 180 million barrels from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, which is held in caverns in a couple of states.
  How much is that?
  It's a staggering figure.
  So let's put it in context.
  The Reserve can hold more than 700 million barrels total, but it didn't have that because Congress, by the way, as you haven't been paying attention, has been selling off our Strategic Petroleum Reserve to pay off debt.
  So by the time Joe Biden arrived, there was far less than that.
  There was about 568 million barrels of oil in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
  Now, no president in American history has ordered a drawdown this large.
  In 1991, the beginning of Operation Desert Storm, which was an actual war with real American soldiers involved, the U.S.
  government released 17 million barrels of oil as a way of assuring a stable supply of global crude.
  The U.S.
  released just 20 million barrels after Hurricane Katrina destroyed parts of the Gulf Coast where so many refineries are.
  But now, we're releasing many times that figure from the Reserve, all to protect the Democratic Party from getting what it deserves in the midterm elections in November.
  And as a result of that unbelievably reckless, in fact, criminal decision, our strategic oil reserves are now at their lowest level in nearly 40 years, and they are dropping fast.
  None of this needed to happen.
  There was no reason to tap our strategic petroleum reserve when we could produce the energy here, and were in fact producing it until Joe Biden took office.
  But at the same time, you have to be honest.
  Principles of supply and demand would suggest that this would work in the short term.
  Releasing all this oil should have lowered gas prices until the reserve ran out, which it will.
  So you inject more petroleum into the market and prices for gas should drop.
  But here's the amazing thing.
  That's not happening.
  Since Joe Biden started releasing all this oil from our reserves, which he does not own, you do.
  We do.
  What has happened to gas prices?
  They haven't dropped.
  They've kept going up.
  Huh?
  In mid-June, the price of both regular unleaded and diesel, critically, hit all-time highs, well over $5 a gallon nationally.
  How could this be?
  It really was a mystery.
  It violated the most basic rules of economics.
  But now, thanks to a new report in Reuters, we know why.
  It turns out the oil being released isn't for us.
  It's going to India.
  And China.
  According to Reuters, and we're quoting, more than 5 million barrels of oil that were part of a historic U.S.
  emergency reserve release to lower domestic fuel prices were exported to Europe and Asia last month.
  The piece continues, quote, cargo of SPR crude, oil from our reserves, were also headed to the Netherlands and to a Reliance refinery in India, an industry source said.
  A third cargo, Buckle Your Seatbelt, headed to China.
  To China.
  So as gas prices set records in this country, as American citizens who were born here and vote and pay taxes cannot afford to fuel their own cars, the Biden administration is selling off our emergency oil reserves to China.
  That's not an indictable offense.
  It's certainly an impeachable one.
  And they should impeach him for that.
  Are they going to sell the Redwood Forest to China next?
  How about the water rights to the Great Lakes?
  That's the equivalent of what he just did.
  Now, if you're keeping track, they didn't even need it.
  China and India already have access to very cheap oil from Russia.
  Why?
  Thanks to the Biden administration's lunatic ban on Russian oil imports.
  For moral reasons, it was a moral victory.
  The people of Ukraine, remember that?
  Zelensky!
  He was George Washington, said George W. Bush.
  You wouldn't know George Washington if he got in the shower with him.
  According to customs data, China spent $19 billion on Russian oil, gas, and coal earlier this year.
  That's double the amount they spent over the same period last year.
  India spent $5 billion on Russian oil.
  That's up five times from what they spent a year ago.
  So we just made Russia a ton of money.
  That's why the ruble is so strong, as the dollar is getting weaker.
  Russia has raked in $13 billion in additional revenue from India and China compared to the same period last year.
  Following all this?
  This is how we're punishing our enemies?
  By selling off our own most valuable assets and watching Russia and India and, my God, China get richer?
  Now, on top of all of that cheap Russian oil, China is getting petroleum from our emergency petroleum reserves.
  The crude, by the way, in the SPR is the best crude that we have.
  It's called medium sour crude.
  It's the easiest to process.
  And we're giving it away to a government whose whole goal is to displace us on the global stage and crush us.
  The Chinese will be cruel masters when they run the world.
  They're not like us, at all.
  By the way, that country, China, also happens to be a longtime business partner of the Biden family.
  Now, a functioning Congress would investigate this immediately.
  The last president was impeached for what?
  Having a phone call with some corrupt Ukrainian politician?
  But no, they can't be bothered.
  They're still yelping about January 6th was an insurrection!
  They're trying to ban your hunting rifle!
  So the White House is able to ignore the whole thing.
  Here's Joe Biden's glass ceiling breaking publicist just yesterday.
  There's a Reuters report out this morning that says that more than 5 million barrels of oil that were released from the emergency oil reserves were exported to Europe and Asia last month and some of it reportedly was actually heading to China.
  Is the administration aware of those reports and does the president mind that some of this oil that was meant to ease pain for consumers is headed overseas?
  I have not seen that report, so I would honestly have to go look into it and see what the truth is in that statement that you just laid out and see exactly what's happening.
  I just have not seen that report.
  How can someone that dumb be that arrogant?
  Or is there actually a connection between dumbness and arrogance?
  Probably so.
  But if someone asks you in the White House briefing, oh, by the way, is the U.S.
  government selling our strategic petroleum reserve to our main enemy in the middle of a gas shortage?
  You probably should have an answer or at least seem embarrassed that you don't.
  It's a very simple question.
  Why does customs data show that we are sending millions of barrels of oil to China?
  Huh?
  It's been 24 hours since that briefing.
  We still don't have an answer.
  Of course, that tells you what's really going on here.
  This is not a mistake.
  It's intentional.
  And if we don't turn it around soon, then it will only get worse.
  But as bad as things are, we still have time to prepare.
  And that alone is something to be grateful for.
  A gravity water filter will provide you with clean, healthy water, even in the event of your taps getting shut off.
  And having your own food will save you from getting ensnared in government FEMA camps.
  And if you've already stocked up enough for your own family, you might want to consider stocking up for your neighbors.
  Some of your neighbors might not be prepared for what's coming, but you can help them by having an abundance of storable foods and water filtration.
  Whoever sows bountifully will also reap bountifully.
  Stock up now at preparetoday.com.
  Here's part of the Greg Races report on CERN.
  We'll take your phone calls.
   CERN is an acronym that translates to European Council for Nuclear Research,
  but has since moved on to studying particle physics.
  And even though they invented the internet in 1989, they are most famous for their 666 logo, a video of a woman being ritually sacrificed on CERN grounds, at the altar of Shiva, the Hindu god of destruction, and for potentially destroying the universe.
  Multiple lawsuits have been filed to stop CERN's particle collider in fear that it could destroy the Earth.
  Which revealed to the public that CERN is a sovereign entity outside the jurisdiction of the courts, so they can do whatever they want.
  What is it that they're doing?
  It has to do with high-velocity counter-rotational spin, which was first documented in Nazi Germany's most secret program, Die Glocke, the bell.
  According to surviving documents, the bell was somehow affecting time and space.
  The most distinctive aspect of the bell was high-velocity counter-rotational spin, also known as torsion physics.
  Many are concerned that CERN is attempting to open a portal into another dimension that will allow demonic entities to enter ours.
  This was blatantly portrayed six years ago in a pagan ritual to celebrate the opening of the Gothard Tunnel just east of CERN.
  The dimension they would be attempting to open is already somewhat accessible.
  Do you hear voices in your head?
  If you do, then you likely know it's best to keep that to yourself.
  Because a doctor will tell you that you're a schizophrenic.
  Modern psychiatry calls these voices auditory hallucinations.
  And even though a whopping 1% of the world's population suffers from schizophrenia, there isn't much research.
  But after 30 years of working closely with the criminally insane, Jerry Marzinski has noticed that the voices talking to these schizophrenics are all saying the same things.
  There is a distinct predictable pattern.
  The voices are exclusively generating negative emotion.
  Leaving the patient physically and emotionally drained.
  The voices are always pulling a person away from God or anything positive.
  The voices are always a call to action.
  Instructing the person to either hurt themselves or hurt someone else.
  Which is probably why the voices always rebel against the drugs that are prescribed for schizophrenia.
  These drugs make a person comatose and the voices want you to do things.
  Marzynski believes that schizophrenics are being attacked by non-physical entities that he calls energy parasites, because they feed off of negative energy.
  And in practically every case, the victim has experienced severe trauma, usually sexual trauma, which explains why the voices tell people to traumatize others.
  These demons want more victims.
  According to the ancient Gnostics, who referred to these entities as Archons, they are destructive, sadistic beings, who control the Earth via the thoughts of humans.
  Voices in the head.
  This explains the rampant pedophilia we are seeing today, and the incestuous inbreeding of royal bloodlines.
  These energy parasites need traumatized people to feed upon.
  Perhaps some of the thoughts in our own mind are not our own.
  Most schizophrenics claim that this is the case, but are told by doctors that they are crazy.
  Doctors who only give them lobotomies, electroshock, and drugs.
  And Marzynski has only seen schizophrenics recover once they start seeing these voices as an external entity.
  They then realize that they can actually resist them, and the voices go away.
  It's hour number two, and the main broadcast starts now!
  I'm your host, Sho.
  Yesterday at 4 a.m.
  Georgia time, East time.
  The Georgia Guidestones got blown up, a third of it gone, and by the afternoon they had backhoes and bulldozers in there destroying the whole thing.
  A silver car was seen speeding away from the scene.
  A peaceful, non-violent way that didn't hurt anybody to expose this satanic global edifice, this obelisk, this marker for world government and extermination of 7 billion people that it calls for.
  What a time to be alive, but let's look at how they are actually targeting us right now, and then we'll go to your phone calls.
  UN says a record 345 million people marching towards the brink of starvation thanks to the lockdowns that they ran worldwide.
  Very important information that ties in to this chilling stack.
  We will never be fully vaccinated.
  Fortune.com.
  We will never be fully vaccinated.
  I told you two and a half years ago that was the case.
  Against COVID.
  We will never be fully vaccinated against COVID.
  Canadians must be required to get a booster shot every nine months.
  That was all the battle plans.
  They set it up front.
  It's not a vaccine.
  It erases your immune system.
  And now they make you take something that gives you VAIDs.
  Vaccine Induced Autoimmune Deficiency Disorder.
  Unbelievable!
  Just boom!
  That article alone could be a four-hour show.
  Boom!
  Same thing being announced in Europe.
  Same thing in the UK.
  Same thing in Australia.
  Same thing in New Zealand.
  World government.
  England.
  Excess deaths on the rise, but not because of COVID.
  We told you this a year ago.
  It's the vaccine.
  Particularly young people dying of heart attacks and blood clots and more.
  And having autoimmune disorders.
  Twice as many vaccine deaths as COVID deaths in the U.S.
  households, poll finds.
  Baby smothered in full face mask was full of joy, claims photographer, even though they couldn't see the portable child's face in its baby burka.
  Autism among American children and teens surges 50% in three years from 2017, with 1 in 30 kids diagnosed with the disorder by 2020.
  Study finds the mass killing is accelerating.
  Directly linked to the shots.
  Wall Street Journal, Pfizer trial found Vaxxed toddlers were more likely to get severely ill with COVID, more than twice as likely.
  Same numbers coming in worldwide.
  President Bolsonaro does the right thing.
  Is Trump an example of what to do?
  Says he regrets removing liability from pharmaceutical companies for vaccine side effects and is sorry for all the deaths.
  Some good news.
  Judge knocks down L.A.
  County School District vaccine mandate for 5 and ups to take the deadly experimental shot to go to school.
  Winning.
  Noted COVID response critic, former New York Times writer Alex Bernson reinstated by Twitter following lawsuit.
  Need an abortion?
  Try the COVID vaccine, liberals.
  San Diego loses 22% of its police force due to vax mandates.
  Fauci, N-I-A-I-D, spent nearly $500,000 to turn monkeys transgender.
  What are they doing to us?
  And it goes on from there.
   That's the depopulation operation with them firing weapons and arresting people and shooting up tractors that protest in the Dutch Countryside coming into the city in the Netherlands saying we don't want our cows banned under carbon taxes announcing that nitrogen is a pollutant when nitrogen is incredibly life-giving.
  That's one of the stacks.
  One of the stacks.
  continuing with the economy.
  Strategic Oil Reserves going abroad.
  Reuters.
  They're sending upwards of a third of it to China and to India.
  India is now the second biggest oil refiner in the world with Russian oil.
  Russia's making record profits.
  All of it globalists to shut down America.
  U.S.
  Strategic Oil Reserves going abroad.
  Reuters.
  Goldman's.
  The world is on the brink of a rather severe recession.
  Yeah, they call it a depression.
  The opening segment by Tucker we covered earlier.
  We didn't get to the last part.
  We called for impeachment because Biden is purposely destroying America.
  Blaine.
  There's a major market shift going on that will trigger the end of the world.
  That's what big banks are saying.
  They're using terms like end of the world.
  And it goes on.
  From there.
  If you ever wonder about Elon Musk, who I still think is an open question, none of these globalists now, the new crop in the EU, none of them have children.
  Not Macron, not Merkel, not any of them.
  But Elon Musk, we're learning, has dozens and dozens and dozens of children, and basically is full-time getting women pregnant, because he says there's not enough humans, and he wants a human future, though some will merge with machines if they choose to.
  Elon Musk and the media is acting like, oh if you have drag queen pedophile time or you bring a toddler to men eating poop off the ground in Seattle at the pedophile pride parade, that's good.
  But if Elon Musk has a consensual relationship when he broke up with his girlfriend a year ago and gets a female executive pregnant with twins, then Elon Musk is bad because he had sex with a woman who was consensual to have children.
  Oh my gosh, how horrible.
  Elon Musk quietly fathered twins with one of his executives last year.
  And it goes on from there.
  Now, I mentioned this earlier, but I'm going to hit it again because it's so damn important.
  If we blame Boris Johnson and Joe Biden and Kamala Harris and Angela Merkel and Macron and that idiot Trudeau and all these other people for the globalist attack, we're idiots.
   It's a worldwide, corporate, consorted, UN destabilization, collapse of world civilization program called the Great Reset to build back better on our ashes, to destabilize and ban beef and ban chicken and ban The cars for the average person.
  It's all been announced and they're doing it!
  You don't have to have Alex Jones make the Obama deception that predicts it all and shows you the documents.
  You don't have to watch Endgame now.
  You're living it.
  But if you see my films from 15 years ago and 10 years ago...
  And it all comes true.
  Do you understand when I get up here and tell you what's coming next?
  It may not happen on the date I quadrant is probably when we'll see it happen, but it'll happen before or after that.
  You can bet your bottom stinking Federal Reserve note on it.
   So when we see headlines like this one about Boris Johnson resigning, The lockdowns, the surveillance, the open borders, the control.
  This is a supposed conservative.
  Now they're lining up the communist Welsh leader to come in and take over.
  Out of the fire, into the furnace.
  Out of the furnace, into the volcano.
  Out of the volcano, into the sun.
  Out of the sun, into hell.
  So, there's hip hooray!
  The piece of garbage that partied when everybody else was locked down is gone!
  Because the big crime is partying when there's a fraud going on.
  Total distraction.
  A perfect example of how they burn their fall guy, their scapegoat, he's been briefed on it, he knows the whole plan, he'll be rehabilitated, he'll be politically resuscitated, he'll be rebuilt!
  Like Megatron from Unicron.
  Welcome Megatron.
  I am Unicron.
   You'll be given a new body and new troops to command.
  
  That's how they operate.
  That's what they do.
  We're gonna break.
  Come back with your calls.
  And then we've got the DOJ suing so illegal aliens can vote in Arizona.
  Major NATO news.
  Major Trump announcement news.
  I mean, Trump's now released his new presidential airplane with the American flag, all of it.
  They say the announcement's imminent.
  I told you.
  And I've talked to multiple Congress people.
  And you heard MTG yesterday said, oh no, he's running.
  He says he's running.
  He's told her.
  He's running.
  And he was set to announce this month.
  Was it going to be July 4th?
  Will it be next week?
  I don't know.
  But it's imminent.
  Eminent, eminent, eminent, eminent, eminent.
  Infowars.com.
  Tomorrow's news today.
  Banned.video.
  The verboten, powerful, forbidden information waiting to free you and others.
  Banned.video.
  Please share the videos now.
  All right, your phone calls are literally a minute and a half away.
  I'm going to give each caller a minute so we can get to everybody.
  I appreciate you all calling in on the Alex Jones Show today.
  But my good friend, I think he's one of the best comics out there and he is one of the top 10 comics in the country now, Andrew Schultz.
  He's had the courage to have me on his show several times and has also done pieces for us.
  He sold his comedy special to a very big unnamed outfit.
  Netflix is the word.
  And they didn't want the jokes you're about to see in it, so he bought it back with his entire life savings he's going to be putting out on the internet.
  But here's a few of the forbidden jokes.
  I just want to let y'all know right now, ladies, I am with you.
  I think it's your body, your choice.
  I agree with you on that.
  I agree with you.
  When you say that men should have no say in the decisions you make with your bodies, those are your decisions to make and yours alone.
  And I feel that way because at the end of the day when we all go up to heaven and God's like, why are we all killing babies?
  We're gonna be like, "Y'all..."
  
  I think they were very clear whose decision this was, guys.
  
  Looks like you need to pay for your sins, babe.
  Even though I paid for your sins.
  
  Chivalry ain't dead till that baby is.
  You know the rules.
  When I was living in my old place in New York, I lived down the block from an abortion clinic.
  And, uh... Location, location, location.
  And no bullshit, that's the wildest place in New York.
  Like, there's a fucking carnival outside of there every single day.
  Like, people come to New York and they go to, like, Broadway plays and sh**.
   They'll literally spend thousands of dollars to watch Harry Potter the musical
   when they could just stand outside the clinic and watch something really disappear
   Fetus Deletus Fetus deletus.
  So, that is what they don't want you to see.
  They want to control everything.
  Ladies and gentlemen, they want to control your speech.
  They want to train you to submit to what they say.
  All right.
  We're going to take these calls in the order they were received.
  Chase, Craig, Alice, Jordan, Julio, Matt, Greg, Matthew, Jennifer, and Alex.
  Let's go to Chase in California.
  Chase, thanks for calling.
  You say 1984 to 1776.
  The Guidestones.
  What's your view?
  Yeah, you know, we hear the slogan, the answer to 1984 is 1776.
  Well, there might be a new one.
  The answer to State Memorandum 200 is Genesis 128.
  Be fruitful and multiply and fill the earth.
  This is the very first commandment that God gave to mankind, and it seems to be the exact opposite of the globalist plan.
  You mentioned Georgia Guidestones.
  Perfectly said.
  For those that don't know, they say kill humanity down to 500 million and 90 plus percent reduction to Georgia Guidestones.
  The UN officially, all of them say that, but Genesis says the opposite.
  You mentioned State Department Miranda 200.
  Henry Kissinger calling for global depopulation 1972.
  Exactly.
  I mean, this is something that they have put out there as their plan, and now the strange thing about what we're living, as you mentioned, is it's no more a plan, we're actually living it.
  But we can all take direct action to fight back, and that is to try to become a decent man and woman.
  Nobody's perfect, but most importantly, become a great father or mother.
  Raise a family.
  Create a family.
  This is time travel.
  We just celebrated Fourth of July.
  I was blessed to be able to hang out with my family.
  I see my brothers and their children.
  We're all, you know, just, that is the way we're supposed to fight back, is to be a human being, to go forth and multiply, to be fruitful, just like God wants.
  So we're all looking for a way to fight back.
  It's right there.
  The very first commandment God gave us.
  Well, that's right.
  In most areas where humans are, it's better for the environment.
  We are making the Earth better.
  The globalists are making it worse.
  Thank you so much for the call.
  Amazing points, Chase.
  All right, let's take another call.
  Craig in Ohio.
  You're on the air.
  Hey, Alex.
  I have a proposed solution, but let me ask you in a nutshell.
  What do you think drives these globalists' creed?
  They want to control life-efficient technology.
  They want to use us as guinea pigs.
  They want to be God.
  Yep.
  Exactly.
  So, you asked what are we willing to lay our lives down for, right?
  For our brother.
  What are we really willing to sacrifice here?
  So, let me just propose something here, right?
  Do you remember GameStop from a couple years ago?
  I remember Jen Psaki.
  GameStop.
  Yeah, your phone's a little... You have it on speakerphone.
  Say it again?
  Yeah, do you remember GameStop?
  Man, your phone's breaking up.
  Remember what?
  Yeah, the whole GameStop situation, yeah.
  Yeah, yeah.
  So here's the thing.
  These guys are going to tank the markets on us when they're ready, right?
  So the key is we need to turn this around and tank it on them.
  That's what we have to be willing to sacrifice.
  I agree.
  Economic warfare is one of the best systems of civil disobedience.
  What target do you suggest?
  Well, can you give me a little more specific on that?
  You're saying GameStop's the way to take him down.
  I'm saying what target do you suggest as the next target to bring down the Globus?
  Well, it's the stock market, right?
  The stock market, the dollar index, right?
  The crude oil market, precious metals market.
  Brain market, cattle market, they all need to come down, right?
  We need to take them down before they take them down on us, right?
  Yeah, but it's too general to say to take the whole market down.
  A lot of that stuff is real and good companies.
  We need to target certain companies, but I hear where you're going.
  Thanks for the call.
  Let's talk to Alice in Arkansas.
  Alice, you're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Hello, Alex.
  I'm a teacher of the scriptures, appointed by God's own hand for the end times, and I'm going to just tell you how I see it and how it's going to go down.
  from what he has taught me according to scripture.
  We are the children of Ephraim, the children of the promise, and when we put the abomination, which is multifaceted, the multifaceted abomination of desolation, which was the United Nations on American soil, God began to dismantle the United States.
   The multifaceted Abomination is also the vaccine standing in the rebuilt temple, which is us, where it ought not.
  And that's because it changes our genetic sequence away from God.
  I'm nervous.
  No, you're doing a good job.
  So what else?
  All right.
  The blood moons have come and gone.
  The planets have all lined up.
  The age of Aquarius is the thousand year millennium when Jesus Christ is supposed to take his reign.
  And the people who have taken the vaccine and have that standing in our rebuilt temple need to repent before the first earthquake.
  In 1948, Israel flew its flag over its nation again.
  And that began the countdown of Daniel's 70 years, which takes it to right at this time.
  Well, there's no doubt.
  The Mark of the Beast is being announced.
  Prophecy is being fulfilled.
  The average church is not talking about it.
  Alice, amazing points.
  Thank you.
  Let's go to Jordan in New Jersey.
  Jordan, you're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Hi, Alex.
  How are you?
  Good, brother.
  I'm glad you stayed on today.
  I know it was tough to stay in our father for you.
  I hope that... I'm not trying to whine.
  It's just I get a certain... Sometimes I just lock up now.
  I'm like... It's really hard to like cover this stuff.
  I'm not complaining.
  I'm just... I've gotten to the point where I'm just like... You're just a vessel, you know, for the message and the circuit, like I said last time I spoke.
  So, I know you've got a lot of people and we've got to move this.
  I called Owen Troyer in May of, like I said last night, May of 2021.
   And I had I've gone through him, the things that I found out.
  I used to be an information scientist in the pharmaceutical industry.
  Hold on.
  Jordan, I'll come back to you on the other side.
  And as great as these calls are, I can only give you a minute and a half or so.
  I've got to get to everybody.
  Jordan, stay there.
  We'll come right back to you.
  Then Julio, Matt, Gary, Matthew, Jennifer, Alex, Alex, Gus, all the callers, we're getting to you.
  Bam, bam, bam.
  Straight ahead.
  Share the URL however you can.
  I know you're doing a great job.
  Infowars.com, Newswars.com, Band.video.
  They can try to take out one site, they can't take them all out.
  Share those links.
  Boris Johnson and Barack Obama and Joe Biden are just puppets to the globalists.
  They're all complete jokes.
   Go on your phone calls Jordan!
  Restart what you were saying earlier, it was important.
  Yes, thank you.
  Can you hear me all right?
  I can hear you loud and clear.
  Good.
  Okay, so first of all, I ask everybody to say a couple prayers for Dr. Carrie Made, who was recently involved in a plane accident.
  I hope it's an accident.
   And I just want to use that as a foray into You know, the injection, my family member got an injection and she was doing some research at the time.
  I had all this knowledge as a pharmaceutical, you know, basically an R&D person.
  And I went on, you know, and I called in in that May 2021.
  You told us you called in, Owen.
  Just tell us your views, sir, please.
  Yeah, no problem.
  So, he told me to build a website.
  I'm very busy.
  This is one of the problems with everybody who has any clue what's going on.
  They're also just trying to pay bills, raise their kids, what have you.
  But there's no time left.
  And I want to just announce this site to everybody.
  I'm putting all my data and documents up there for everybody to view.
  That's all my analysis.
  It's in, you know, under construction, but it's called You've Been Corona-cized.
  Okay, and it's at www.coronazed.com.
  Okay?
  And that site, there's something I have on their page with various categories, because it's very complex, called the Corona Matrix.
  And then in one section called Why COVID?
  I've started, and it's only I've started because it's so massive.
  And it took me a while to construct this on my own because I'm just doing this all by myself.
  But I've started to put all the white papers to support some of my analysis that you'll see at the beginning.
  I try not to do too much analysis.
  I try to just have people have a resource here so they can go through and learn what I've... Alright, so give us your bottom line of what you found.
  Okay, so there's been a long history here in these vaccine programs of control.
  Okay.
  Jonas Salk said in Survival of the Wisest, and stated this very strongly, the man behind this wonderful polio vaccine, right?
  That, you know, it was an element of control.
  Now, if you try to buy Survival of the Wisest on Amazon right now, you're going to be paying at least $900 to maybe $1,500.
  Okay, and we know Salk was a eugenicist for depopulation control.
  They put cancer viruses in it.
  Yeah, that's on record.
  What, so?
  Okay, so, but there's an aspect.
  Did you know that the entire placebo-type system, double-blind studies and all this stuff, came out of a whole controversy in France of, guess who was involved?
  Benjamin Franklin.
  Right?
  Around 1784.
  There was a conference by the king.
  Regarding the injection of magnetic... Alright, people should check your site out, brother.
  I appreciate your call.
  I gotta get to everybody else, but yeah.
  The whole history of vaccines and smallpox, I get it.
  People should check out the site.
  God bless you and good job.
  We gotta move quick.
  I promise to get to all these calls.
  We just can't have callers on for five minutes apiece.
  Julio in Colorado.
  Go ahead, Julio.
  You're on the air.
  Well, Alejandro, good to chat with you.
  As always, I escaped Illinois to come to northern Colorado, and I tell you what, there's a lot of open-minded info warriors out here in northern Colorado.
  Actually ran into someone at the Greeley Stampede, the old rodeo, last weekend wearing an InfoWars shirt, so it's good to see awakened minds across the country.
  Alex, as I mentioned last, I think it was last week or two weeks ago, and you were talking about it again today, it's quite clear, more and more people that are awakening, you've got to steer them away from this left-right politics and steer them to who's really behind all this trouble.
   With Bloomberg just earlier today calling out the White House administration for their stupidity on oil prices and not answering them, Barron back in June wrote an article out According to data, you cannot blame gas station owners, which contradicts what- Sure, so the very globalists that set these policies are now blaming their puppet Biden.
  Bezos is doing it, Bloomberg's doing it, they're all doing it.
  Yeah, no doubt about it.
  Even going back to last November, Bloomberg talked about even sort of laying the foundation for the U.S.
  selling its strategic oil reserve to China and to India.
  That was Bloomberg back in November of 21.
  So it's quite clear... Yeah, they blame their minion, they blame their puppet, whether it's Boris Johnson or Biden, for what they've done.
  I say burn Biden, burn Johnson politically, but just know they're the front man.
   When you bust A soldier of the mafia committing a crime.
  You arrest him, but you also go after their boss.
  Julio, thank you so much for the call.
  Let's talk to Matt in Long Island.
  Matt, you're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Yes, sir.
  How you doing?
  The truth shall set us all free, everybody.
  That Oliver Cromwell was a sneaky bastard.
  Developed the Freemasons to infiltrate the world, giving people the illusion of freedom.
   all the while doing the bidding of the royal family, ensnaring power-hungry morons with rituals and lies,
  having them destroy their own people from within.
   George Washington's earliest ancestors included several members of the royal family.
  The most significant was King Charlemagne.
  He was also third cousin to Henry VIII.
  And let us not forget he was a Freemason.
  I believe he was a plant from the royal family, giving us the illusion of freedom because the best warriors are free men.
  America was established primarily to bring the northern hemisphere to heel.
  Mission accomplished.
  Now the final piece is ready to be toppled.
  And yes, I mean America.
  I know it's hard to believe, but one must look at actions, not words, when dealing with demons.
  But luckily for us, we are free men.
   One must accept slavery because even if you are alone against a whole army, You do not have to accept bondage to charity.
  Fight no matter what.
  Hold the Almighty in your heart, for the righteous man is in the hands of God.
  Alright, man.
  Thank you so much.
  Thank you.
  Gary in Maine.
  You're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Okay, Alex.
  I got a three-point plan that we can all do right now, starting today.
  And you don't have to do all three, but you should do at least one.
  First, point one.
  Support the Info War financially.
  X3, Survival Shield, the t-shirts, the stickers, wear them in public.
  I wore it at a fancy lobster bake in Kennebunkport on July 4th.
  Lots of response.
  Point two, on whatever social media platform you use, every time you see a globalist article, whether it's coronavirus, climate lockdowns, attacks on conservatives, report it.
  Report it for terrorism.
  Report it for misleading.
  Report it for spam.
  Report it for every abuse they have.
  Listed and that is applicable.
  And finally, point three.
  Find out who your local representative is on a state level.
  Email them.
  Write them.
  Call them.
  Monthly, weekly, daily.
  Respectively call on them to explain what they're doing to represent you and protect your freedoms on a local level, on a state level, and let them know how important it is to you that you vote and you'll be watching.
  And that's it.
  Beautifully said.
  Amazing phone call, Gary.
  Thank you.
  Matthew in Florida.
  You're on the air.
  Good afternoon, Alex.
  I just wanted to drop my opinion on the Guidestones.
  I don't necessarily disagree with your opinion, but I believe that this is one of the many ways that the Cabal is trying to cover their tracks.
   In your 30-year tenure, You have gained so much viewership and following, and I do believe that we are actually winning the war.
  Maybe not the battles, but we are winning the war.
  And we're getting a little close to the cabal.
   So if they are able to, you know, rewrite history in our education systems, then this would be an easy way for them to knock down a monument that You know, shows what they're really trying to do.
  And then they can write it off just the way they write you off any time and say, oh, well, it's, you know, crazy.
  I hear what you're saying.
  I mean, I don't know who blew up the Georgia Guidestones.
  I mean, if they were there, we could keep exposing it.
  But it definitely brought a lot of attention to it.
  I don't know what happened to the Georgia Guidestones.
  10 seconds left.
  What do you think happened?
  We're out of time.
  Jennifer, Alex, Alex, Gus, Mark, Neil, your calls are straight ahead.
  All right, it is a paradox that if I'm going to take your calls, I've got to give each person a minute and a half maximum because we can't get to the next person.
  I appreciate you all.
  I hate cutting you off.
  You're making amazing points.
  Let me just make a point right here about staying on air.
  Plus, great products you definitely need for you and your family.
  I need you to make the commitment now to take action and get these products because they'll change your life.
  X2, bodies, all of it.
  Infowarstore.com.
  Ladies and gentlemen, I'm not going to give up in this fight because I see people waking up.
  But I could give out in the fight.
  And so, I want to thank all of you that supported us, but I want to encourage those that have been on the fence, never gone to InfoWarsTore.com, right there on screen, InfoWarsTore.com, and get some of these products.
  We're in the last few days, I was meeting this morning, they said maybe we can run it until Sunday, but a bunch of these products are about to sell out, it'll be months and months and months, until more comes in, even when we have the funds to buy more of the product.
  So some of this could be your last chance to ever even get these products, and I'm not just saying that, that's the truth.
  July 4th Super Sale is going to end this Sunday.
  Up to 75% off, that's below cost of some of our best-selling products.
  Knockout Sleep Support, Alpha Power, Living Defense Plus, Multivitamin, Whole Food Multivitamin, Pollen Block, Survival Shield X2, All Dr. Jones Naturals, Brain Force Plus, Ultra 12, Vitamin D3 Gummies, Ultimate Krill Oil, Lung Cleanse Plus, Fizzy Magnesium, Prostagard, Ultimate Fish Oil, Bazzo Beach, Super Female Vitality, Hair and Beard Support Formula.
  It's 75% off and it's really just a multivitamin mineral that's excellent under that name.
  That's the best deal we've got.
   Infoworkstore.com Alex Jones was right, T-shirt, while you're there, and I want to thank you all for your commitment in this fight.
  Without you, we would not be here, and I want to thank the crew as well for their amazing work.
  Okay, taking the calls in order to receive.
  Jennifer in Florida, you're on the air.
  Welcome.
  Hi, Alex.
  Thank you.
  It's a pleasure to speak to you.
  Yes, ma'am.
  God has his hand on you, and I want to say to people that this is biblical.
  This is fallen angel.
  That's why these people are delusional.
  They can't see what God sent them.
  He sends the people that want to believe the lie, he sends them delusion.
  That's why he can't talk to them.
  But I wanted people to understand, if they want to read about it, they can go to Enoch, the book of Enoch, chapter 6, and they'll tell a lot about the fallen angels.
  They all have names.
  They all have jobs.
  And you spoke about it with Joe Rogan when you talked about the DNP trip.
  You're absolutely right.
  And all the globalists, whether it's Skull and Bones, Bohemian Grove, they're into the occult, they believe they're being directed by off-world entities.
  So the left can make fun all day.
  This is definitely who these people believe they're under their control of.
  It's a spiritual battle.
   It's why you can't If you don't ask for God's wisdom and understanding, you're not going to get it.
  We don't battle against flesh and blood, but powers and principalities in high places and in the air.
  God bless you.
  Thank you for the call, Jennifer.
  Amazing points.
  Alex, in Florida.
  You're on the air.
  Hey, Mr. Jones, keep your head up, man.
  I love you.
  Everybody loves you.
  God, like she said, has his hand on you.
  I know that's true.
  I'm not complaining.
  I'm just saying, I get mad that we're not cutting right to the chase.
  This is a total war.
  We're under the attack.
  We need people to get out of their comfort zone.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  So I just want to tell you a few things that I've been doing to help spread the news about the Infowar.
  I went to Apple yesterday, and I opened up the Notes app, and I literally wrote an entire excerpt about how the COVID-19 vaccine is deadly, who it's killed, how it's affecting us, and then I signed it, Holy Spirit saying, if you're reading this, this message is for you, and I also leave it open with a tab to Infowars and Banned.video, which, by the way, Apple has banned.video.
   If you go and try to test out their laptops, iPads, or iPhones, And you type in BAN.VIDEO, you do not have access in this form.
  So they've blocked you in the Apple Store.
  I also, every restaurant I go to, when they turn in the tip slip, they have to keep that at the end of the night to get paid.
  So I graffiti the tip slip and I say all the slogans that are on the stickers, arrest Fauci, Gates is evil, the vaccine's deadly, Infowars.com, BAN.VIDEO, and it sparks so many conversations.
  And at the end of the night, they have to turn it in for their manager, their manager has to report it, and it changes hands with multiple people.
  Exactly.
  We can attack writing stuff on bathroom walls, putting stuff on the side of our cars and barns, getting up and speaking at the front of the church, going and speaking to city councils, and using any internet interface to put the truth out.
  It causes a chain reaction.
  Their own censorship flags it and makes more people look at it.
  Beautiful what you said.
  And what takes you to Bandai Video?
  What is the new URL they haven't banned yet that is the full interface of Bandai Video that has all the same URLs but a different one to take you there?
  TheInfoWar.tv.
  They haven't blocked that yet.
  The new URL is TheInfoWar.tv.
  Beautiful job, Alex.
  We love you.
  Another Alex now from Arizona, who we love as well.
  Alex in Arizona, you're on the air.
  Hey, Alex.
  Can you hear me?
  Yes, sir.
  Go ahead.
  Alex, huge, huge fan of the show.
  I listen to you every day at work.
  First of all, I want to say God bless you, brother.
  God bless you.
  Thank you for your work.
  Thank you.
  Thank you for your work exposing the true evils and letting the truth be known.
  So I respectfully disagree with the last couple of callers.
  I don't think that we're doing enough.
  You know, how do we reach more people with the truth?
  I mean, we're on the cusp of a, you know, potential apocalypse.
  Absolutely.
  Nuclear war, financial collapse, imploding borders.
  I mean, that's what I'm saying.
  It's here, folks!
  I'm just mad that I don't even hear calmly talking about it.
  I don't know how to explain that.
  It's like the sense of urgency is breaking the needle here.
  I mean, how do we grow the movement?
  We need to think outside the box.
  More peaceful protest?
  We've done that.
  I mean, we could keep buying stuff.
  No, I hear you.
  I mean, look, a lot of listeners got mad at me on Twitter for saying, let's not blow stuff up like the left.
  I get why they did it.
  It made a big point.
  But I'm not calling for stuff like that.
  But I get why people did it.
  So what do you think folks should do, Alex?
  I mean, that's my question to you.
  I think we're just kind of stuck going through the same tactics that we've been trying.
  Right.
   Like, I know that, you know, we're We're trying to buy supplements.
  I mean, I have a buddy that bought stuff from you, too.
  He rocks his 1776 sticker proudly.
  I just think we're not getting to enough people.
  Well, bare minimum, keep InfoWars on the air.
  And I agree with what you're saying, but there's a lot more we should do.
  We should have whole shows about how do we as activists.
  I think everybody should talk at city councils, school boards.
  It goes out.
  It makes the news.
  That's something where average people can do.
  Call into talk radio.
  Call into C-SPAN.
  March.
  Demonstrate.
  I mean, what else can we do, Alex?
  I mean, I see that you have a book coming out in August, so hopefully that'll be an eye-opener.
  I mean, Alex, I just think that the New World Order is in full effect, and I think that we're just passively watching our lives change.
  No, I totally agree, and that's why I'm frustrated.
  Thank you, Alex.
  Let's talk to Gus in Florida.
  Gus, thanks for calling.
  Go ahead.
  Hey, Alex.
  Peace be upon you and the InfoWarrior Nation.
  I just wanted to call in and highlight something a previous caller said about when he said selling off all your stock and Wall Street and everything like that.
  It took my federal prison university education to teach me from a lot of Wall Street guys that the way the markets work, you're not buying those stocks from those companies.
  You're buying it from other bankers.
  So we should take a tip from Jesus and kick the money changers out the temple.
   People should empty their 401ks, Dump it into their house, lower your debt, get the money changes out of your life, because that seems to be the only constant.
  No, I hear you, brother.
  You know, it's, uh, we need to make the little moves, the little steps.
  You know, I've been approached by people out here who claim to be part of certain Patriot groups.
  And as a former Fed, I won't go near it because I know how the Feds operate.
  Do the little things in your life.
  All right, brother.
  I appreciate your call.
  We're going to air when twerkers attack, all these attacks on restaurants, facilities, you name it.
  And again, the globals are trying to create a race war.
  This is the mind control taking place.
  That's going to air the start of the next segment.
  How you doing Alex?
  God bless you my brother and everything that you do for us and for the world.
  I'm just trying to see what's going on with the people in the Pentagon.
  Mark in Brooklyn, New York. You're on the air, Mark.
  Welcome.
  How you doing, Alex?
  Good, brother.
   God bless you, my brother, and everything that you do for us and for the world.
   I'm just trying to see what's going on with the people in the Pentagon.
   What's going on with these brothers here and these sisters that are not doing anything?
  Everybody keeps thinking the military is going to save us.
  For 50, 60 years they've been putting globalists in all the major positions of power.
  The non-commissioned officers are good people.
  Most of the top officers are bad news.
  Exactly, exactly.
  I got you.
  So this is where I wanted to say that just like the gentleman that was on before me and the guy before that, we have to do this and it's hard to wake up the people, my family and everybody.
  They're like, oh, that's conspiracy theory.
  It's so hard.
  It's frustrating.
  I'm frustrated like you.
  I want to curse.
  I want to scream.
  I want to just grab people by their throats and just like, listen, man, this is what the hell is going down.
  You understand?
  They just don't understand it.
  They think it's a joke.
  They think it's a game.
  Like, we're going to come out of this.
  We're not going to come out of this if we don't stand up with Christ and together.
  This is what they don't understand.
  I totally agree, brother, Mark and Brooklyn, and that's it.
  Incrementally, they're taking our freedoms, normalizing being slaves.
  By the time they wake up, your friends and family will think it's something else that caused the collapse.
  That's what we've got to be telling them, that globalists are causing the collapse.
  Because at least when they do the collapse, which we're already in, then they'll get the blame.
  You see how critical that is?
  Even though people made fun of me 25 years ago, I knew when it came true, they'd listen.
  It's the same thing now with the future.
  God bless you, Mark.
  All right, I got to like 20 phone calls.
  That's good.
  We're really changing the game plan here.
  Getting back to my roots, taking a lot of calls.
  More calls coming up next hour, a bunch of special reports, special guests in studio, a bunch of news I haven't hit, a bunch of pedophile rings have been busted.
  It's all coming up in hour number three today, July 7th, 2022.
  Our number three straight ahead.
  
   At this point, best case scenario is a few years of hard times for us all.
  And if we don't turn it around soon, then it will only get worse.
  But as bad as things are, we still have time to prepare.
  And that alone is something to be grateful for.
  A gravity water filter will provide you with clean, healthy water, even in the event of your taps getting shut off.
  And having your own food will save you from getting ensnared in government FEMA camps.
  And if you've already stocked up enough for your own family, you might want to consider stocking up for your neighbors.
  Some of your neighbors might not be prepared for what's coming, but you can help them by having an abundance of storable foods and water filtration.
  Whoever sows bountifully will also reap bountifully.
  Stock up now at prepare today.com.
   Hello, this is Hank Hill, and I'm telling you what you need to listen to Alex Jones
  in for a start.
  Calm down.
  If you don't watch it, you're gonna end up like Jason Adderley's boy.
  Deal me out this hand, Jason.
  I'm about to bust.
  Oh, I'm sorry, I thought this was the bathroom.
  Oh, good lord!
  Scanning.
  Control.
  Manipulate scientific data.
  Take over blast control world government.
  Shut down infrastructure.
  Give everything to China.
  Look at this person.
   From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones.
  
   people They're a bunch of Christian murderous scum.
  Melanogyne death factories keeping babies alive.
  They're selling their body parts.
  What more do you need to know about these people?
  I go out and face these scum.
  They literally crawl out from under us.
  They have green looking skin.
  And they run around screaming we love Satan.
  We wanna eat babies.
  I fucking love Satan, so fuck you!
  I kill my kids!
  Hillary's in the creepy weird six-step man.
  We came, we saw, he died.
   She sleeps in the same room with that creepy weirdo woman, whose mother wears a full overhead.
   That woman number one is ugly. Imagine how bad she smells, man.
  I'm told her and Obama just stink.
  Obama and Hillary both smell like sulfur.
  There's a guy on the radio who apparently trumps on his show frequently.
  He said, me and Hillary are demons.
  Said we smell like sulfur.
  Ain't that something?
  I have never seen or smelled any woman like that, ever.
  People are telling me she smells.
  Who could not notice someone who smelled that bad?
  Hear the roof and fire pop, there's a goblin.
  You're such self-centered crap.
  We don't even notice and it's self-rising up against us.
   We're such self-centered crap We don't even notice hand itself
   Rising up against the Millions of pointed people
   Of the very worst type Man, I'm so pissed
   We're gonna stab your daughter at the mall Oh
  We're gonna stab your wife, your son.
  We're gonna stab you with a butcher knife.
   And then the police chief is gonna say, We love our Somalis.
  We love our Muslims.
  Oh they're so good.
  Oh they're so sweet.
  I was watching Fox News as I worked out this morning, and they had the police chief on making excuses from that town in Minnesota.
  And they had the Fox News host, this is the Fair and Balanced channel, going, Donald Trump really stepped in at this time.
   He said it was a bombing before it had officially been called a bombing, and Hillary's on him,
  and she's got some really good points!
  
   The globalists are bombarding us with propaganda and with spiritual warfare and with poisons and chemicals added to
  the food.
  It's all come out.
  And they're doing that not because we're weak, but because we're made in the image of God, the Creator, and we are powerful.
  And the social engineers fear that so much.
  So that's why I repeat that famous internet saying that nobody knows who first came up with, but boy, is it true.
  The propaganda would not be necessary if the situation was hopeless.
  They need all their propaganda and all their lies and all their evil and all their cultural death because they know we are strong and they know in the end they signed on the god of this world who is a loser.
  And that's why it's so important that everybody keep info wars in the air now more than ever.
  Because even if you don't believe in God, what the globalists are manifesting and setting up is satanic.
  And we are opposing the One World Government and the Mark of the Beast they just announced.
  All you have to do is check out what I'm saying.
  And that's why they run the fake headline against myself and Tucker Carlson everywhere, every day.
  Jones admits he's an actor.
  Or Tucker Carlson says nobody would take me seriously.
  Where do we say that?
  We never said that.
  They just say we said that.
  But where's the clip?
  Where's the article?
  Where do we say that?
  It doesn't exist.
  Alex Jones is playing a character and is a performance artist.
  Jones is playing a character on his radio show.
  The radio rants of Alex Jones are just an act.
  He's actually a performance artist.
  He's a performance artist.
  Alex Jones is a fake.
  They're lying to you because they think you're stupid.
  And it's all based on the custody battle with my ex-wife five years ago.
  And she was trying to put into evidence me dressed up more than a decade before, like the Joker.
  Being sarcastic, saying, take your Prozac, kids.
  Take your illegal drugs, too.
  You'll die.
  It's fun.
  So people wouldn't take drugs.
  And they wanted to enter that in evidence and say, look, he's insane, telling kids to use drugs.
  And my lawyer went, when Jack Nicholson plays the part of the Joker, no one thinks that's really Jack Nicholson.
  So yeah, when I've been Cobra Commander.
  Hail Cobra!
  Or Optimus Prime.
  Autobots, let's roll!
  Or the Joker, because I can do imitations of them all really good.
  Or Darth Vader.
  Don't act so surprised, globalist.
  You didn't think you could silence the American people, did you?
  Do I really think I'm Barth Vader?
  No.
  Do I think I'm Optimus Prime?
  Republic Commander?
  The Joker?
  No.
  And clearly, no reasonable person would think when I'm doing satire that what I'm saying is what I really think.
  No one believes the Babylon Bee.
  It's not trying to lie to you, it's being sarcastic.
  Buy the Vaccinate Me Elmo doll today.
  It's required by the CDC.
  But they play those games.
  And that's why I don't joke around as much as I used to.
  Even though I tell people, okay, this is a joke, this isn't serious, they clip it out and they say, no, this is what he really believes.
  Every day when I leave work, I do this.
  That man's a threat to this country.
  And they go, look, he admitted in court he's an actor.
  Well, yeah, I was an actor in Scanner Darkly.
  I was an actor in Waking Life.
  I was an actor when I was Cobra Commander.
  But it doesn't mean that Alex Jones, the talk show host, up here reading news articles to you isn't a real thing and isn't something I'm actually saying.
  And you know that!
  You're insulted right now.
  I'm even explaining that to you.
  And so am I. But that's who these people are.
  You don't know the power of the dark side.
  Am I really Darth Vader?
  I think Alex Jones seems really talented.
  He's smart.
  He's funny as hell.
  He's truly funny.
  I'm kind of retarded.
  
   Now that I've done those imitations, those little jokes, do you now not listen to what I say about other things
   when I show you a powerful news article by Dr. Joseph Mercola on Infowars.com
   that has all the cited information, the latest tragedy, sudden adult death syndrome?
  No, that's a real thing.
  That's something happening in the real world.
  And that's what we're breaking down here today.
  I am Alex Jones.
  And I am the guy on this show every day.
  I am an American.
  And that's what I promote, is freedom, and justice, and liberty, and they can't stand it.
  Alright, my friends.
  We're going to talk about solutions.
  We're going to talk about them.
  You know, I was honest yesterday when the Georgia Guidestones got blown up and later in the afternoon demolished.
  And I said, I like seeing them gone.
  The message to kill 90% of the world population put up by Ted Turner and others.
  But I don't believe in going on private property.
  I don't believe in blowing up monuments.
  It was actually a monument exposing their evil.
  So was it an inside job?
  We don't know.
  Did it draw attention to the depopulation agenda at a critical time?
  Absolutely.
  I'm not even judging who did it.
  It was non-violent.
  But I know that if we just know the loopholes of the system, and we know how they operate, and we know their tricks, then we can really beat them.
  If you pay the minimum amount of federal income tax to these people, whether you're a small business or an individual person or whether you're wealthy, that defeats the New World Order.
  If you know the tricks they know, they don't want you to know, then that's how you level the playing field because they'll get rid of the loopholes if we learn about them.
  But in the interim, we should do that.
  So, I've used Tyler Bennett for tax advice.
  He's done a great job.
  He's a lawyer.
  Heads up a great group that is in Los Angeles and in Las Vegas with hundreds of employees, CPAs, lawyers, you name it.
  And this is not where you go to lawyers and they charge you a bunch of money and nothing happens and blah.
  This is cut right to the chase.
  They do an analysis.
  And they have literally dozens and dozens of things they can do for you, but I wanted to get him here because he's a smart guy and I want his view on politics before we get into taxes and ways to protect yourself and ways to set up corporations right to literally pay a fraction of these illegal taxes you should be paying.
  So Tyler Bennett of American Tax Solutions that sponsors us.
  Same interface at jonestaxrelief.com.
  We're getting rave reviews.
  99% have been great.
  The few complaints we have, we gave to you.
  You got right on it.
  People really love what you're doing.
  You cut right to the chase.
  833-900-4285 to call as well.
  833-900-4285 to call your folks and just, hey, do a presentation, get a consultation, do an analysis.
  It's the smartest move you can make out there.
  Tyler, but before we get into all that and the latest developments to the IRS and new rules and tyranny happening, what is your view on Biden selling the strategic oil reserves at cost to China and India while our gas prices go up?
  What is your view of the raping of the border and the economy and the currency?
  What is your view on the situation?
  Unfolding right now with just all of this tyranny out in the open.
  The Georgia Guidestones blown up.
  What would you call this moment in history right now, Tyler Bennett?
  Well, I would say not only is it very chaotic, Alex, but it's also very scary because the globalists are out there and they know post-pandemic and with this economic crisis we're facing and all the other power they have, they have really stepped out into the open and kicked it into high gear, into attacking the middle class, attacking, you know, the religious right and attacking the people at their very core.
  Well, that's right.
  When we exposed them and got Bolsonaro and Trump and Orban in, they just doubled down.
  Correct.
  And they have the money and the resources to do that.
  And that's, like we said before, there's always two systems, right?
  We can never be part of the globalist elite.
  And they're waging war against the grassroots system.
  Correct.
  Because that is the only thing that can even begin to defeat them.
  Like you said before, if we pay these people, we have to pay taxes.
  But if we pay them the least amount of tax as possible, then things like this don't happen.
  What I have here is an article from Forbes that says that tax revenues in the previous year have skyrocketed.
  We are now paying as U.S.
  citizens more in individual income tax.
  You see how it skyrocketed right there in 2021?
  Then any other year previous to that.
  And that's partially due to an inflation.
  But also this is because the U.S.
  government has plenty of stuff that it wants to spend money on that is not me, not you, none of the U.S.
  citizens here because we want to bail out Russia and Chinese interests.
  Right.
  And so instead of helping the people here in our own country, the government spending its money going more and more into debt.
  And what you said is key.
  Trump stood up to China and the globalists on one side of deals for four years.
  They're now retroactively paying it back because they control China.
  They're paying money back to themselves.
  And Hunter Biden's laptop shows that.
  That's not the only thing Hunter Biden's laptop shows, too.
  Again, he's part of the second group of people that the globalists that we are not part of.
   And so unless that laptop and those that tax evasion potentially and those under the table
   business dealings with bad people would have gone completely under the radar had it not
  been exposed.
   And now the Hunter Biden team is of course trying to cover it up.
   But the people know and we know that, you know, if you're not part of me and you and
   the regular U.S. citizen system, but you're an elitist, we know that there are two separate
   systems and the Hunter Biden example is a great example of that.
   Now, another thing that Hunter Biden has done is try to use his own art to save develop billions of dollars in deductions that again are
   tied to the presidential regime. So this is not only illegal but also
   in proprietary in that it's connected to the president of the United States.
  Tyler Bennett, stay there. We'll talk about this and more.
   This is critical information and I want you to know, critical information.
  They don't want you to know.
  Straight ahead.
  Stay with us.
  All right, folks.
  There is nothing more frustrating for me than to bring a horse to water and not see it drink.
  We have millions of listeners right now.
  This is a great sponsor.
  It's who I'm using for my taxes.
  And they cut right to the chase.
  And it may take them a few days to get back to you because they get so many thousands of calls, but you need to go to 833-900-4285.
  You need to call that number.
  You need to go to jonestaxrelief.com.
  That's just a link to their website so we get the credit.
  And you need to have them do an analysis of your taxes.
  This is a win-win for everybody.
  This is so important for everybody to write down and to take action and to call that number, 833-900-4285, jonestaxrelief.com.
  So, Tyler Bennett, the head of American Tax Relief.
  Absolutely, Alex.
   Let's get into some of the latest developments of what's happening right now and the new
   tax rules that aren't laws they don't want people to know about.
  Absolutely Alex.
   So right now one of the most important things to understand is how connected the IRS, which
   is the Global Collection Agency, and the top five banks that control the world, the globalists
  if you will, are connected.
   Because when the IRS says somebody owes money, the banks are now their collection, not theirs.
  They don't just report income, like we all know they do if you deposit over $10,000, it's reported to the IRS, but they also collect against taxpayers for the IRS.
  And why this is important is, we've talked about this before, but this is Chapter 5 of the internal, just a table of contents, of Chapter 5 Internal Revenue Manual, which is collections.
   So, everything in that, It's a six-page long table of contents.
  Two thousand page document explaining all the terrible things that they can do to you.
  For example, something we see all the time is, let's say a taxpayer owes fifteen, twenty thousand dollars to the IRS.
   What will happen is the bank will clear out their entire bank account and give it to the IRS because the bank uses this, the IRM, and not the actual law, just like the clerks Yeah, it's absolutely like that.
   We didn't sign on to all the carbon taxes and shut down the power plants, but they're
  just doing it.
  Thank God the Supreme Court just said they got to stop that.
  But then Biden said we're not going to.
  Yeah, it's absolutely like that.
   So I mean, the other thing too is they have the power to do certain things that are listed
   in this Internal Revenue Manual, but are on the face, would be a violation of your rights.
  Let me tell you a few of these.
  There are what they call pre-assessment levies, okay?
  A levy is when they go in your bank account and take all the money out, right?
  And when they do, even if you get it all back, this is the type of situation where they don't pay you interest, but they do charge you interest before they got it.
  Without getting into details, this happened a year ago, they're like, yeah, actually, it looks like you did the right thing, but we're still holding it for a while.
  Correct.
  Which is holding, this is happening to us right now.
  No law, no judge, no order, just did it.
  Just did it, and you're not going to get any interest back on it because that's the way it works.
  The system is for them and not for you.
  Well, you actually are in the clear, but we haven't gotten to the paperwork yet, even though we might just close the operation down.
  Right.
  And no matter how long they hold it, even if it was vice versa, let's say you did not give them that money, it goes up.
  That balance you owe every day, compounded.
  But not vice versa.
  You're going to get back the same amount that they took from you, even though it's worth way less with inflation.
  That's right.
  If they say they're right, then you pay interest.
  But if they're wrong, you just get it back.
  Correct.
  Exactly.
  I announced that here.
  That happened a year ago.
  We're still ongoing.
  That's just one of the crazy things going on.
  It is, and we can get money like this back for our clients.
  Obviously, we want to do it as soon as possible because money is worth less and less and less every day.
  And I just engaged you two weeks ago to do that, so that's happening right now.
  Correct.
  We're working on that.
  Let me give you an example of an InfoWars listener that last week we were able to do tremendous things for.
   In the state of North Carolina, the IRS had gone after InfoWars listener, our client, against their business and
   they owed, I don't know, $50,000, $60,000 and the IRS came in and levied their entire bank
   account which had close to $800,000 in it and they took every dime.
   And this is when I talk about the banks because even the IRS knows that.
  Say that again.
  You owe $60,000 under their fraudulent system, they take $800,000.
  They take $800,000.
   They take it all and they cut you a check back for the difference with no interest after
  they decide to, which could be months later, right?
  We've been waiting almost a year.
  Yeah, it's ridiculous.
  They will do whatever they want to do.
  It's Biden's IRS now.
  Remember when they admitted under Obama they were targeting conservatives?
  Yes, and now they just straight up admit they're targeting Christians.
  So, you know, you go from bad to worse.
  But here's the thing, right, is we flew out to North Carolina.
  We talked to that revenue officer.
  And this is why the bank and their relationship is important, because the IRS even agreed that they would give that money back to the client.
   However, the bank And that's what you do?
   No, we're not giving it back even though the IRS says we're gonna give it back the bank said no
   No, it's part of our policy. We don't give it back, which is a
   violation a gross violation of That info war listeners rights and that's why we were able
   to go back out there Get a hold of the IRS
   Smack the bank down and get all that money back for the class and that's what you do
  That is exactly what we do. You have hundreds of people.
   Yes hundreds of people and
   sometimes I will fly out there myself, but I send my Very accomplished attorneys and CPAs to do a lot of
   this work and they did fantastic work in And when you know the law and the rules, they just back down almost always.
  Yeah, so that's the crazy thing, Alex, is the IRS, if we come to them with attorneys and law and case law, they back down pretty quickly.
  In this situation, it was the bank, a third-party organization, that was collecting for the IRS, that was trying to tell us how to interpret the law.
  Again, this is not a lawyer, this is not even a clerk at the IRS, this is a bank manager.
  Doesn't have a law degree.
  And that's what's scary about the global system, it's involving corporations in it.
  It's like, on January 6th, the next three days, anyone that flew to D.C., they were blocking their flights and grabbing their bank accounts.
  Correct.
  I mean, just because, oh, we see you flew here, a lot of them just went there for business or to visit family.
  Because in their eyes, the only reason you would fly to D.C.
  is to go against the regime, which of course is complete cockatoo-y, you know?
  But here is another example.
  Cockatoo-y?
  Here's another example, if you want to hold this up.
  What the IRS is doing as well, because they're not satisfied with the banks as third-party collection agencies.
  They have used the biggest collection agencies in America.
  Conserve is one of them, and there's two others.
   The idea is, the IRS, instead of actually collecting against you, will sell your debt, your tax debt that you owe to the government, Last night I was watching Frontier with my wife, which is a Netflix show, which is actually based in history, and it showed the same thing.
   that has no connection to the government at all is going to make a percentage of the black community.
   Last night I was watching Frontier with my wife, which is a Netflix show, which is actually based
   in history, and it showed the same thing. When one of these corporations that ran the government
   said you owed no judge, no jury, they just came and took this woman's tavern. They just took her stuff.
  Correct.
  And you don't, to have any due process at all, your file has to be moved back from the collection agency to the IRS.
  And so listen, if you're out there, if you're getting letters from Conserve or any of the other private collection agencies the IRS is using, you need to give us a call because we can get your file back over to the IRS where we can actually handle it.
  Right now it's dying in that collection agency's arms where they just want to... Which they did extra-judicially, but you know the rules, you can make them move it back.
  JonesTaxRelief.com.
  Go there.
  The toll-free number is on the screen as well.
  Folks, this is so important.
  You need to know what the enemy is doing.
  This is so powerful.
  Lead a horse to water, please drink.
  833-900-4285.
  833-900-4285. 833-900-4285.
   What's so frustrating is Tyler Bennett, they have written the rules, the CPAs, the major law firms won't tell the
   public, and it's all right there for people right now to know all
   the inside tricks and just absolutely save a ton of money and save your business, your life.
   With all the inflation, all the attacks happening, if you play by The proletariat rules, I'm screwing you over, it's over for you and your business, your family, but if you just simply research this, get good advice, their names on it, you're protected, and take action, you are platinum, you are beyond gold.
  American Tax Solutions Powers, jonestaxrelief.com, 833-900-4285.
  Tyler Bennett, please continue.
  Alright Alex, so, as you were just saying, this is a great example of the two systems, the proletariat versus the bourgeoisie, the globalists, in that information, right?
  We all know it's an info war, and it's just so much true when it comes to tax, the IRM, the Internal Revenue Code, etc, etc.
   So, something that All your listeners need to know about, because you have to take advantage of this in the next nine months, is there was quick, super quietly, under the radar, a tax relief initiative that went just a few months ago and passed Congress.
   And what it is, is if you owe the IRS up to $50,000, there are now expedited ways to lower that as low as 8 or 5% of what you owe as You know, for the pandemic relief is what they're calling it.
  But here's the thing.
  They never released any press releases or... This is only for the insiders.
  Right.
  New York Times articles about this.
  This was just written in the bulletin.
  So a $60,000 bill goes down to $6,000, $7,000?
  Correct.
  So, right now it's $50,000 or less, could go down to $5,000 or $6,000.
  And if you owe a little bit more than that, we can always do a penalty abatement or pay a tiny bit so you fit that fraction.
  Because we'd rather pay them a tiny bit.
  and get away with not paying the majority, then vice versa.
   Now, Alex, when we were talking, last time we were talking about
   four extrajudicial types of collection activity that the IRS routinely engages in.
   The first one which you just spoke about is, on the last break, is the pre-assessment levy.
  Now that's when they come and take your car, lock up your business, try to foreclose on your house before they even know how much money you owe because they think that you owe a lot and now you have some experience with that.
  Other two that we haven't spoken about are just as terrifying.
  So the IRS has this concept they call a nominee.
  And what that is, is let's say I owe taxes, but for some reason they think someone else in my family, in my group of friends, a business that I own, is in fact my tax debt.
   And so without actually Proving any legal argument they can attach a business's tax
   debt to my personal tax account And then I am in the position of having to make the legal
   argument that is not the case and as you I'm sure you can just realize right now when you're
   fighting City Hall and they come down and put a Extrajudicial judgment on you guilty until proven innocent
   exactly and then you're gonna they're holding you hostage Right they're holding you hostage and the average person
   say the IRS loves going after the lower middle class Even though there's tax cheats all over the spectrum. They
   don't target the really powerful No, they don't.
  The really powerful is political, and then right under that, they can target those people, and they do, but it's heavy on their resources, because they have lots of businesses, trusts, LLCs, the kinds of things that you can engage us to help you set up.
  But when we're talking about little mom-and-pop shop, garage sale, didn't report $600, that's who they want to audit, because that's easy pickings for them, and they go for the low-hanging fruit.
  They can take your house.
  Yeah, and they can.
  And they will.
  And the thing is... But as soon as you have good representation that cuts the chase, it's bye-bye.
  We'll put the capoche to that real quick because, like I said, it's an extrajudicial activity.
  It does mention it in the IRM, which is why these clerks, not attorneys, believe they can do it.
   But once we get our attorneys on the case, It goes away pretty quickly.
  So if this is happening to you, don't let them take your property.
  Don't let them take your money.
  Let us protect you.
   JonesTaxRelief.com Or the phone number we'll put on screen.
  So, what's the other way they're grabbing stuff?
  So here's, this one has the name with it that's even insulting.
  So what they call is IRS Courtesy Collections.
  Just as a courtesy, right?
  And so what that means is... Is that called mugging courtesy?
  Absolutely mugging.
  Basically what happens is, let's say I owe a bunch of money to the IRS and I can't pay them back.
  So what the IRS can do, extrajudicially mind you, is what's called courtesy collections.
  Go to my daughter, go to my employees, go to my friends and collect that money through them because they don't think they can get it from me.
  And if that doesn't just sound straight up illegal to you, trust me, it is.
  It's extrajudicial.
  If that's happening to you or anyone you know, we can give you help.
  That is probably the most insulting one.
  What's the most common they do?
  Most common is the first we talked about, which is a pre-assessment levy, which is where they just grab the money out of your bank account without even claiming how much you owe, or saying, we'll figure out how much you owe later.
   And the problem with that is they can't legally take something from you without knowing what your tax debt is, because until you file, or until they file for you, remember, You don't actually have any tax debt until you file.
  That's why the law is to file.
  And when you don't file and accumulate tax debt, it's not for not filing.
  It's because the state filed for you and the IRS filed for you.
  And of course, when the IRS files for you, you can owe a lot more taxes than you probably actually even would have had you taken no deductions.
  Incredible.
  And again, people don't know the loopholes and how simple it is to use the system's own laws against them, which they hope people don't learn about.
  That's exactly right, Alex.
  So all these things we just mentioned are deep in the IRM.
  This is what I just showed you, the table of contents.
  That's just one chapter of the IRM.
  And we'd have to go in deeply and find these.
  So it's simple.
  They call you, they do an assessment, and then you say, we can do this for you.
  Correct.
  What happens is, you got a tax issue, you give us a call, we will be able to diagnose and identify actually what's happening.
  Because of the way that these people take advantage of your rights, you may know you owe taxes or may think something's the case, but that doesn't necessarily mean that's what's going on.
  So that's why... So you guys demand due process and the real negotiation begins.
  Absolutely.
  We absolutely demand due process.
  We absolutely will find out what the government is saying.
  So it's simple.
  Lawyers demand due process, then a real discussion happens.
  That's correct.
  But if you're not doing that, you're being raped.
  Exactly.
  It's like going into a fight without arms.
  Exactly correct.
   It's like being in a 103-pound weight class and going against Mike Tyson.
  JonesTaxRelief.com links to American Tax Relief.
  Go to JonesTaxRelief.com so we can get some of the sponsorship.
  You guys are keeping us on there, we appreciate you, and advising us on taxes, doing a great job.
  What are some of the, real quick, what are the services you guys have to offer?
  So as we just mentioned, any kind of collection activity we can help with, including liens, which I haven't mentioned before, so any of that type of stuff, give us a call, we will get the IRS off your back.
  How to set up corporations and save you tax money?
  How to get there.
  So that was the past.
  Let's say you're doing good right now and you want to pay less money going forward.
  We'll get you in a corporate setup.
  The corporate tax rate is 21%.
  It's the only flat tax income tax in America.
  And so with inflation and with the fact that the IRS... So the elites have already given themselves a flat tax.
  Yes!
  Every major corporation and globalist out there is using the C-Corporation tax rules to pay effectively half of what they would have to pay if they made the same money through a flow-through or on an individual tax return.
  These are the types of things we can do for you.
   Now, we also can set you up with a trust to protect your estate against the future.
   And right now, if you have a large capital gains event and that kind of thing, give me
  a call.
  This is the type of...
  Bitcoin, you got it all.
  Absolutely.
  As far as crypto goes, I would say we're probably one of the leaders in the industry.
  A lot of firms, big three, Ernst & Young, they don't want to touch crypto.
  They're scared of how the IRS is going to rule against it.
  We're not scared.
  Give me your crypto.
  We will make sure you're paying the least amount of taxes as possible.
  All right.
  833-900-4285.
  American Tax Solutions at jonestaxrelief.com.
  Keeps us on air and saves you a lot of money.
  Final segment talking about this great tyranny and where you see it going next.
  Right ahead.
  Stay with us.
  Paul Joseph Watson takes over the info war in the fourth hour today.
  Don't miss it.
  Then in an hour and 13 minutes from now, the war room with the great Owen Schroyer.
  I'm your host, Alex Jones.
  Tyler Bennett's here.
  Listen, I promote, like, turmeric.
  I promote Deep Earth Crystal Iodine.
  I promote fish oil.
  Everything I know is good.
  The highest quality you need.
  Everything I do is a winner.
  And you try to go to regular tax attorneys or regular CPAs, they will put you through the wringer.
  They won't give you a good deal.
  Nothing's perfect in this world, but the best group I've found is AmericanTaxSolutions at jonestaxrelief.com.
   And whether you're a blue collar worker or a farmer or a rancher or a business owner or a millionaire, They can save you money using the system's own tactics against them.
  You should go to JonesTaxRelief.com or 833-900-4285, 833-900-4285 and do a consultation.
  The system doesn't want you to do this.
  You can lead a horse to water, you can't make it drink.
  Tyler Bennett, continue.
  All right, so let's start talking about the states, because the IRS is bad, but the states are not just as bad, but probably worse.
  Oh, I've experienced it.
  Yeah, they're horrible.
  Do whatever they want.
  Exactly.
   And so one thing that's probably affecting a lot of your audience right now, truck drivers, People who work in multiple states is what we call the residency crisis.
  Especially now, post-pandemic, all the states, unlike the feds, who are posting record revenues, the states are broke and need money and they're going to take it out on you faster than the IRS will.
  Comes up a lot is multiple states claiming that you worked in that state, therefore you owe taxes in that state.
  Even though you might be a resident, you might live in a different state.
  For example, let's say you live in Alabama, but you drove a truck to California, and so California is now saying you owe taxes in that state as well.
   And so California is actually one of the bad ones, as well as New York and Pennsylvania are the most aggressive about Taxing people that aren't even residents of their state because of they did business there now There's a lawsuit in Pennsylvania that the taxpayers are suing the state over this and this is likely to go to the Supreme Court But until then these states are able to get away with this kind of thing however if a state is if a state you don't live in and
  Didn't spend half of the year in is trying to claim that you owe them taxes.
  It's fraud.
  That is wrong.
  It's not legal.
  Give me a call.
  We will show them your driver's license.
  And again, the Supreme Court last week, I love their rulings and sometimes I'm upset with them.
  I'm not saying they're going to save us.
  They said, listen, all these federal bureaucracies are banning cows, banning pigs, chickens, gas, oil, stoves.
  People, if you don't live in a state that's doing this, you're lucky like Texas or South Dakota or Florida.
  It's going on like in 30 states right now plus.
  And the Supreme Court said, you can't just make law on these bureaucracies.
  But that's what the IRS, the EPA, the FDA, like the Food and Drug Administration just said, we don't even follow the federal law on testing now.
  We're going to make you take an experimental shot.
  They're out of control.
  This is bureaucratic.
  Madness.
  Correct.
  And the states like to make their own laws, irregardless to the supremacy clause of the U.S.
  Constitution, which says federal law preempts all state law.
  And so the states will actually make illegal laws, unconstitutional laws.
  It's like a record skipping or a car wreck sound.
  When you guys come in, they immediately stop.
  Absolutely.
  I can tell you there is one instance that we are dealing with, and this here is, so this is a little bit political, the Wisconsin Attorney General's race.
   It's come down a lot to, you know, Roe v. Wade, but also those people that want to kill babies are the same people that do not want you and me to have A representation before the IRS.
  The state of Wisconsin Attorney General is saying that they are not going to allow anybody except those people who are Wisconsin residents and have a license from Wisconsin to represent somebody not in front of the state of Wisconsin.
  In front of the IRS, okay?
   But the IRS has already determined that to practice in front of them, you have certain
  laws and certain certifications to receive federally.
  The states cannot do this.
   So right now, they are personally attacking, if you live in Wisconsin right now, this is
   a personal attack against you because they do not want you to be represented against
  your tax debt, both federally and state.
  And this is one of those instances where the Supremacy Clause clearly makes this unconstitutional, but the state... You guys get involved, they move on to easier targets.
  That is correct, because like I said, the state, just like the IRS, they're bullies.
  And what is the bully interested in?
  The easy target.
  The low-hanging fruit.
  As soon as some representation gets into the field, now they realize they've got to pull up their pants and get to work.
  And they don't like to do that.
  But we make them do it.
  We've got like six minutes left.
  What other key points do you want to add about JonesTaxRelief.com?
  Well, sure.
  Here.
  So, I just want to say, for jonestaxrelief.com, we have you covered from the past, the present, and the future.
  And I've said that before, but if you forgot what it means, the past is you already owe money.
  They're coming after you.
  They're doing some of that nasty collection activity we just talked about.
  We can give you some help.
  We'll stop it.
  We'll stop them in their tracks.
  If you are, hey, realized you didn't file taxes for this year and you're like, well, I'm going to owe money if I don't take care of that, give us a call.
  We will make sure that those taxes get filed and those penalties and interests are minimized or negated completely.
  And then we have the future, right?
  This is everybody out there who's making too much money or paying too much in taxes, I should say, and want to keep more of their hard-earned money.
  And because of the way you're set up, you're getting pushed into a higher tax bracket.
  There are simple strategies by law they've set up for themselves they don't want you to know about.
  Correct.
  And what we're talking about is corporations and we're talking about trust instruments.
  Irrevocable trusts and corporations are the two biggest conduits that the globalists and the elitists use to pay the smallest amount of income tax possible.
  A fraction of what you and I pay.
  In other big IRS news, they're saying $600 and they're surveilling everybody without warrants.
  I mean, what is Biden's announcement of going after blue collar and lower middle class people?
  What does that signify?
  Again Alex, this is, this is, it's really offensive to me working in the industry, but this is another example of the IRS has more money this year than they've had before, the IRS has more people than they've had before.
  But instead of going after those people on top that are, for, you know, we talk about the tax gap, these are the people on top, the Zuckerberg, Hey, almost no tax.
   paid nothing in tax and if they paid their fair share, there wouldn't even be a deficit.
   And the very globalists talk about that all day in the news that they're about to do it,
  they never do it.
  Correct.
   And so what the IRS's plan to get rid of the tax gap, the deficit, is not to go after those
   people but it's to go after the mom and pop shops, the lower middle class, they just passed
   that law saying if you sold something at a garage sale for over $600, you better 1099
  yourself.
   And if you don't know your rights, you are going to be screwed, blued and tattooed.
  And listen, again, when they're targeting the lower middle class specifically, that's when we got to make sure you're protected and taken care of because, like I said, what this is about is the IRS doing bully-like maneuvers and people just rolling over.
   What I've learned about good tax lawyers and you guys is CPAs won't go to bat for you, they just follow the IRS rules of the law.
  When you guys certify and sign off on something, you're standing there to protect them.
  That's right.
   So, the difference is, a regular CPA firm, they work with the IRM and the IRS and IRC and they're trying to just make sure that They don't care how much you pay in taxes, they're just trying to make sure their work doesn't get audited, right?
  And so, yeah, you have a good tax return.
  But what they're not is advocates.
  What we do is we say, hey, we understand that the IRM and certain provisions of the IRC are saying you owe this amount of money, but we can look up other provisions and find out deductions and loopholes to get you out of the majority of what you owe.
  JonesTaxRelief.com or call the toll-free number.
  It's such a simple thing.
  That's why I can promote supplements this hour, which are great for our bodies, why I promote them.
  Books, films, wake people up, fight the globalists.
  Those are all important.
  That's why I'm so behind what you guys are doing.
  Not just your great sponsor.
  Any sponsor I bring has got to have great results and nothing is a silver bullet.
  Nothing's perfect.
  But people not knowing this, not having advice is insane.
  It's like driving a car wearing a blindfold.
  People should call you guys today.
  That's absolutely correct, Alex.
  Since everybody here went to school, high school, college, you learn next to nothing about taxes.
  And that is by design, so they can take advantage of you.
  Listen, me and my team, that's exactly what we've studied the last 10, 20 years.
   And so, and That's exactly what we do.
  And we know that those tax laws change every year so that the globalists can remain one step ahead of everybody else.
  But we follow those changes and we know what entities to put you in so that you can save the most amount of money.
  You're getting a lot of calls, so be patient.
  They'll call you back sometime the same day, sometimes two days.
  The only complaints we get is, it was great once they got the call, but it took a few days.
  Sometimes you get overwhelmed.
  It comes in fits and spurts.
  833-900-4285.
  833-900-4285 or jonestaxrelief.com.
  Tyler Bennett, you're going to be on The War Room today, and so much more.
  Paul Joseph Watson is about to take over on the other side.
  And Lord willing, on the Friday edition, I'll be back at 11 a.m.
  Central.
  I want to thank all the viewers and listeners, all the affiliates and sponsors, and the crew.
  jonestaxrelief.com.
  I'm Tyler Bennett, thank you so much.
   and that's what people recognize and resonate with.
  And as Ward said, you're not going to find a better place for information.
  You might not agree with everything, you might not agree with all our perspectives, but we cover all the information.
  And there's nowhere else really that does it like we do here.
  Thank you for that, Ward.
  InfoWarsStore.com, by the way.
  Products he mentions.
  InfoWarsStore.com is where to get them, folks.
  And we do have the best supplements.
   I mean, just like we try our best with our news coverage and our information, We do the best with our supplements as well.
  I mean, look at the hair and beard support formula.
  Folks, this is a joke.
  I mean, we're giving this thing away.
  It's 75% off.
  By the way, it works for me, in case you haven't noticed.
  The hair and beard formula is working for me.
  Quite well, I might add.
  Quite well.
  My barber appreciates hair and beard support for men.
  I go and see him quite often now.
  The Joe Biden presidency is to humiliate the rest of us and think less of our own country, the place where we were born.
  You can just imagine Barack Obama and Susan Rice and Ron Klain, people who truly dislike the United States as currently constituted, saying, let's make this guy president.
  That'll grind it in our face, a guy who can barely talk.
  So it's hard to hear anything Joe Biden says because it's hard for him to say anything.
  But if you listen carefully or read a transcript, you will learn what he just said, is that we're releasing a million barrels per day.
  For a total of more than 180 million barrels from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, which is held in caverns in a couple of states.
  How much is that?
  It's a staggering figure.
  So let's put it in context.
  The Reserve can hold more than 700 million barrels total, but it didn't have that because Congress, by the way, as you haven't been paying attention, has been selling off our Strategic Petroleum Reserve to pay off debt.
  So by the time Joe Biden arrived, there was far less than that.
  There was about 568 million barrels of oil in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
  Now, no president in American history has ordered a drawdown this large.
  In 1991, the beginning of Operation Desert Storm, which was an actual war with real American soldiers involved, the U.S.
  government released 17 million barrels of oil as a way of assuring a stable supply of global crude.
  The U.S.
  released just 20 million barrels after Hurricane Katrina destroyed parts of the Gulf Coast where so many refineries are.
  But now, we're releasing many times that figure from the Reserve, all to protect the Democratic Party from getting what it deserves in the midterm elections in November.
  And as a result of that unbelievably reckless, in fact, criminal decision, our strategic oil reserves are now at their lowest level in nearly 40 years, and they are dropping fast.
  None of this needed to happen.
  There was no reason to tap our strategic petroleum reserve when we could produce the energy here, and were in fact producing it until Joe Biden took office.
  But at the same time, you have to be honest, principles of supply and demand would suggest that this would work in the short term.
  Releasing all this oil should have lowered gas prices until the reserve ran out, which it will.
  So you inject more petroleum into the market and prices for gas should drop.
  But here's the amazing thing.
  That's not happening.
  Since Joe Biden started releasing all this oil from our reserves, which he does not own, you do, we do, what has happened to gas prices?
  They haven't dropped.
  They've kept going up.
  Huh?
  In mid-June, the price of both regular unleaded and diesel, critically, hit all-time highs, well over $5 a gallon nationally.
  How could this be?
  It really was a mystery.
  It violated the most basic rules of economics.
  But now, thanks to a new report in Reuters, we know why.
  It turns out the oil being released isn't for us.
  It's going to India and China.
  According to Reuters, and we're quoting, more than 5 million barrels of oil that were part of a historic U.S.
  emergency reserve release to lower domestic fuel prices were exported to Europe and Asia last month.
  The piece continues, quote, cargo of SPR crude, oil from our reserves, were also headed to the Netherlands into a Reliance refinery in India, an industry source said.
  A third cargo, buckler seat belt, headed to China.
  To China?
  So as gas prices set records in this country, as American citizens who were born here and vote and pay taxes cannot afford to fuel their own cars, the Biden administration is selling off our emergency oil reserves to China.
  That's not an indictable offense.
  It's certainly an impeachable one.
  And they should impeach him for that.
  Are they going to sell the Redwood Forest to China next?
  How about the water rights to the Great Lakes?
  That's the equivalent of what he just did.
  Now, if you're keeping track, they didn't even need it.
  China and India already have access to very cheap oil from Russia.
  Why?
  Thanks to the Biden administration's lunatic ban on Russian oil imports.
  For moral reasons, it was a moral victory.
  The people of Ukraine, remember that?
  Zelensky!
  He was George Washington, said George W. Bush.
  Who wouldn't know George Washington if he got in the shower with him?
  According to customs data, China spent $19 billion on Russia's oil, gas, and coal earlier this year.
  That's double the amount they spent over the same period last year.
  India spent $5 billion on Russian oil.
  That's up five times from what they spent a year ago.
  So we just made Russia a ton of money.
  That's why the ruble is so strong, as the dollar is getting weaker.
  Russia has raked in $13 billion in additional revenue from India and China compared to the same period last year.
  Following all this?
  This is how we're punishing our enemies?
  By selling off our own most valuable assets and watching Russia and India and, my God, China get richer?
  Now, on top of all of that cheap Russian oil, China is getting petroleum from our emergency petroleum reserves.
  The crude, by the way, in the SPR is the best crude that we have.
  It's called Medium Sour Crude.
  
   July, it is July the 7th 2022 and of course the big news here in the United Kingdom.
  Despite the fact that it basically has no impact, no relevance on the future of the country either way, is the resignation of Prime Minister Boris Johnson.
  And for our American listeners and viewers, you probably don't know the exact reason why he resigned because it's not really a centerpiece of the issue.
  The whole debate in the United Kingdom right now is, OK, he's resigned.
  Is he going to leave immediately?
  Who's going to be the Prime Minister in the short term until the Conservative Party holds a new leadership election?
  Who is the next Prime Minister going to be after that?
  That's what they're talking about.
  What they're not talking about is the reason that he left.
  Okay, Boris Johnson came to power on a raft of promises that were all broken.
  He's completely abandoned his principles, down the line on every single issue.
  Was he forced to resign because he signed up the United Kingdom to follow this disastrous Great Reset Green Agenda that's already bankrupting other countries, that's causing riots and mass demonstrations in Italy, in Germany, and specifically right now in the Netherlands?
  Was he forced to resign because he basically had his wife in there, Carrie Johnson, this big eco-mentalist, running that portion of the government, signing us up to all this Great Reset World Economic Forum crap that's going to bankrupt our nation?
  No, he wasn't forced to resign for that.
  Was he forced to resign because our borders are like sieves, completely broken down?
  We've got what now experts are saying potentially 100,000 illegal boat migrants arriving by the end of the year.
  They continue to flood into the country by their hundreds on a daily basis.
  What does Boris Johnson's government do?
  Gives them a red carpet service.
  Gives them free hotel rooms at taxpayer expense.
  Plans to put 1,500 young migrant men in little villages of 700 residents like Linton on Ouse.
  Was he forced to resign for that?
  No.
  Was he forced to resign for implementing the disastrous, damaging policy of lockdown, despite the fact that before it was implemented, and as a certain amount of other countries, a few other countries in Europe, Sweden and Serbia, refused to implement lockdowns, ended up having a lower mortality rate than the United Kingdom?
  Johnson was set to resist the pressure to impose that draconian, abhorrent, brutalist lockdown on the United Kingdom, which, as all the studies have proven since, was the completely incorrect decision.
  He went ahead and imposed it anyway.
  Was he forced to resign for the outrage of lockdown?
  No.
   He was forced to resign because he didn't respond properly To a gay man groping somebody in a nightclub.
  That's literally the reason why Boris Johnson has been forced to resign.
  Headline out of BBC.
  Chris Pinscher suspended, this is from five days ago, as Tory MP after groping allegation.
   Okay, so this Conservative Party MP, part of the same party as Boris Johnson, was in a nightclub in central London, quote, extremely drunk on Wednesday night last week, and he groped two male guests while being extremely drunk at this nightclub, this gay Tory MP.
  Boris Johnson has been forced to resign because he didn't respond properly to a gay man groping two other men in a late night club when he was pissed off his face.
  That's literally the reason he's gone.
  Absolutely incredible.
  No one's talking about that, though.
  Apparently that's a big outrage.
  Oh my God, offended!
  People are so offended over that.
  It's literally nothing.
  Obviously it's an unpleasant experience for the victims, but that's why the Prime Minister's left office.
  Clown country, clown world.
  Remix News reports, who are the favourites to succeed Boris Johnson?
  And you've got this raft of outpouring of glee and celebration and gusto from the left in the United Kingdom who actually believe that Boris Johnson was overseeing a quote, at best, right-wing administration and at worst, fascist government in the United Kingdom.
  They think they've basically toppled Mussolini.
   The guy opened the borders up to a degree that we've got 100,000 illegal boat migrants just Sailing right on in and being rescued by our own government, apparently that's right wing to do that.
  It's right wing to sign up to all the great reset, zero carbon, green agenda cuts that the World Economic Forum is pushing on Europe.
  It's conservative to mess up Brexit and not actually be able to extricate yourself from the European Court of Human Rights.
  Which is why their policy of deporting illegal immigrants to Rwanda completely failed because we were still subject to that court.
  But they think they've toppled Mussolini or Hitler.
  In reality, the country isn't going to move in either direction to any degree.
  It's a childlike understanding of politics, of the system in Britain itself, to think that getting rid of Boris Johnson is going to shift the needle to any degree, one way or another.
  Because look at the people who are favourites to succeed him.
  Headline, Remix News, who are the favourites to succeed Boris Johnson?
  One of them, the favourite in fact, is Ben Wallace.
  The former soldier in the British Army who voted against Brexit.
  He's a remainer, he's a globalist, he's a deep stater.
  Let's go to this video now though of Nigel Farage.
  He did an interview about Boris Johnson with GB News talking about this a couple of hours ago.
  Here is Nigel Farage.
  In the end, we talk about this, there's a lot of people who still like Boris, but there are a lot of people who feel he's done quite a lot of damage to the Conservative Party and its brands.
  Oh, I think that's right.
  And I think that's why this had to happen.
  I think, you know, number one, trust, integrity, decency, truthfulness, that's big.
  But also on the policies, which is the thing that really upsets me.
  They've gone so far away.
  High taxes, big state, immigration running at record levels.
  I mean, it's a list as long as your arm of things they've done that just aren't consistent.
  With what people expected.
  I heard what Steve said.
  There was no humility in the speech at all.
  Just the herd.
  These idiots.
  The eccentric decision.
  Yeah, yeah.
  They all turned against me.
  They're all fools.
  And he sort of trumpeted as he saw his achievements.
  Do you know what?
  I just feel...
  And I'd be more critical of him than almost anybody.
  He's a load of valedictory speech.
  But do you know what?
  Don't kick a man when he's down.
  He's had a pretty rough day.
  I always think about Boris Johnson.
  This is a man, when asked why he left journalism and politics, he said, well, journalists don't have statues built to them.
  I remember a party conference last year.
  People were talking about this being the Johnson decade.
  You know, this was a man that was going to win.
  He had the biggest majority since Thatcher in the 80s for the Conservatives.
  He was going to win the next election.
  We had to get used to Johnsonism.
  And yet, here we are today where he's going to struggle to beat Theresa May's tenures.
   in office. He could have been a Callaghan, a Brown, a second-rate Prime Minister.
   Yes, a second-rate Prime Minister, but in terms of history, alright, I could say, look,
   he joined the Brexit campaign at five minutes to midnight, but he did join the Brexit campaign
   and it was important that he did. And somebody had to cut the Gordian knot in 2019 and Johnson
   did that. And nobody can take that away from him. As I say, I felt for months he ought
   to go. I felt for months he was taking the party towards an electoral cliff edge at the
   next election. But on a day like today, I think let him have his moment. I'm not going
  to kick him whilst he's down.
  There will be friction next week.
  There'll be more calls from the majors and people like that for him not to have this 10-week period.
  I suspect, ultimately, the party probably will let him have it.
  And just very finally, you know, the election's less than two years away.
  The polls aren't that bad for the Conservative Party, but the economy's going to get a lot worse, let's be frank about that.
  Yes.
   Do you think the Conservatives could still, I mean, it would be unprecedented, I think, for them to win a, what would be, Only if, it would be a fifth term, only if they learn the lesson of Brexit, which isn't just about leaving the EU, it's about completely changing the shape of British politics, it needs radical reform and change, it needs a House of Lords that's got rid of, an electoral system that has a degree of proportionality, a postal vote system that's cleaned up, bring back trust into the whole system, and maybe even a mechanism by which people can call referendums on big issues if they wanted to.
  If they did that and became the party of radical reforming change, they could win a fifth term.
  There's Nigel Farage, and when we come back on the other side, we're going to talk about the revolt against the Liberal World Order.
  Massive protests unfolding in the Netherlands, and they're now spreading to Germany, to Italy, and to Poland as the backlash against the Green agenda sweeps the continent.
  We'll be back.
  Summit.News.
  Don't go away.
  Well, as we covered earlier in the broadcast, it has been revealed that the Biden administration sent five million barrels of oil that were part of a historic U.S.S.P.R.
   release to Europe, to Asia, to basically enemies of America like China, even as Americans struggle
   of course with the chronic cost of living crisis, which Europeans are also struggling
  with and sky high gas prices.
  So they're sending the oil to China.
   In Europe, now we have the government in the Netherlands trying to pass laws, restrictions
   that basically mean they will pay, give a paltry amount of money to Dutch farmers to
  not produce food.
   Again, stripping the country of its sovereignty, making it completely dependent on foreign
  imports, making it a serf of the Great Reset.
  We had an article yesterday.
  Dutch police fire live rounds at anti-green agenda protesters.
  This has been bubbling under the surface for months.
  It's now erupted.
  They lied about firing live rounds on protesters.
  They said the protesters were driving into police officers.
  Complete baloney.
  Video shows nothing of the sort.
  This video went up a couple of hours ago.
  It explains everything behind the protest, why they're doing it, and why this is going to spread across the continent.
  This is Revolt Against the Liberal World Order.
  Here it is.
  Let's check in on how the general public is reacting to the Liberal World Order.
  Net zero.
  Climate change cuts.
  The Green Agenda.
  What we saying?
  Good thing?
  bad thing.
  Oh, seems pretty unanimous.
  The Netherlands, yellow vests, 2.0.
  But what's the beef?
  Well, it turns out that Dutch farmers aren't too pleased about climate change technocrats passing laws which will completely destroy their livelihoods.
  The government plans to restrict nitrogen and ammonia emissions by at least 50% by 2030.
  Problem being, fertilizers contain a large amount of nitrogen oxide and livestock produce ammonia in their urine and feces.
  Result?
  Farmers will be forced to cull 30% of their livestock, putting many of them out of business forever.
  Highlighting how this is a selective attack, the same regulations won't be applied to the airline industry.
   Still, at least the farmers are finding a use for all that unwanted feces
  by spraying it on government buildings.
   ♪ I was caught in the middle of a railroad track ♪ 
   Tractors are also being used to block food distribution centres,
   sending a message to the government about what happens when you f*** with farmers.
  Some farmers even brought their cows to the Dutch Parliament, threatening to slaughter them on the streets.
  Fishermen have also joined the cause blocking ports.
  Farmers in Italy have also begun their nascent rebellion, threatening to take their tractors to Rome.
  They're joined by Polish farmers who are also marching in the streets.
  But authorities in the Netherlands have responded by telling demonstrators to go whistle.
  And just like Trudeau did in Canada, demonising them as extremists, culminating in an incident earlier this week where police fired live rounds at protesters in their tractors.
  Cops claimed that protesters were trying to run over the officers, but video shows that clearly didn't happen.
  Keep filming, keep filming.
   *Random gibberish* *Random gibberish*
   Despite bullet holes in the tractors by some miracle no one was injured.
  And take a look at this prick.
  Who does he think he is?
  Frambo?
  When BLM protested, Dutch cops took the knee.
  But when working class people slowly drive their cars at a protest, they get guns pointed in their face.
  They even changed the law so that cops who kill protesters are completely immune from manslaughter charges.
  Authorities have also allegedly planted agent provocateurs to infiltrate the protests.
  Presumably to both frame them for violence and to spy on activist leaders.
  Yeah, if these fellas glow any brighter they're gonna outshine the sun.
  Activists have accused the government of cowing to globalist climate change policies at the behest of the World Economic Forum.
  And it's infamous leader, the wannabe Bond villain, Klaus Schwab.
  Klaus Schwab from the World Economic Forum.
  So we will see definitely a lot of anger.
  Schwab's warning about increasing anger seems pretty prescient, until you realise it's the globalist control freak Green Agenda that he fronts that's causing all the anger.
   The Netherlands is one of the largest exporters of meat in the world and the largest in Europe.
   Why when we're in a global food crisis caused by "the current thing" are they imposing policies
   that would jeopardise the food security of hundreds of millions of people?
   Why is Denmark, Belgium and Germany all considering the same measures?
  Western governments paying farmers to not produce food.
  Do they actually want to create a famine?
  Is this why they're preparing us all to eat bugs?
  These are grasshopper kebabs.
   Technocrats order us to get used to energy rationing, limits on hot water, limits on
   the very temperature at which you're allowed to heat your own home, while Davos elites
   fresh from landing at lavish resorts in luxury private jets, insist nations shouldn't exercise
   their sovereignty to upset the global green agenda, while Prince Charles tells you to
   stop taking hot baths and forget about your annual family holiday.
  He prances around on CO2 belching helicopters to quote, avoid the traffic.
  While Bill Gates tells people entering fuel poverty that they should start paying carbon taxes.
  And amplifies the Davos mantra that private property for the average person will become a bygone relic.
  As he voraciously snaps up record amounts of farmland across the United States.
  So they want to drastically reduce our living standards, leaving us starving and impoverished.
  We need to accept that there will be some pain in the process.
  A lot of anger.
  Is that the endgame of the green agenda?
  The liberal world order?
  Surely not!
  But wait! The fact checkers have arrived!
  Reuters says there's no evidence the Dutch government is working with the World Economic Forum to impose the Great Reset.
  That's the same Reuters that enjoys an exclusive partnership for content distribution with the World Economic Forum.
  I'm sure they're totally not biased at all.
  Meanwhile, on the flip side of the coin, as working class farmers get brutalised, upper middle class climate change activists and eco-warriors get treated with kid gloves, Tarquin, Tabitha, Thiefy and friends are now gluing themselves to works of art to bring attention to the climate crisis.
  The same climate crisis being pushed by every major institution, legacy media outlet and government in the West.
  Yeah, if your rhetoric mirrors that of every establishment tentacle in existence, ever considered that you're not part of the rebellion, and that you're doing the bidding of the very same establishment you claim to oppose?
  Turns out one of these just-stop oil activists has clocked up 50,000 air miles in the last five years alone, while virtue-signalling about the dire threat posed by CO2 emissions.
  She's been personally responsible for emitting 13 tons of carbon dioxide.
  It's okay when we do it!
  While these useful idiots advocate for the globalist Great Reset that would exacerbate the already chronic cost-of-living crisis, and are afforded lavish, sympathetic media coverage and a light touch by authorities, working-class people across Europe are seeing their futures decimated.
  And whenever they dare speak up...
  
   Well, the cost of living crisis has of course been exacerbated by the current thing, the war in Ukraine.
  Nowhere has that pain been felt greater than in Germany, where, as we reported last week, they're now panic buying stoves and firewood to heat their homes because they fear energy rationing is going to be brought in for the winter.
  We had this article a couple of days ago, Germans warned of hot water rationing limit to maximum allowed room temperatures.
  This was a comment by Hamburg's Environment Minister who warned Germans that hot water could be rationed and limits on maximum room temperatures introduced as a result of the energy crisis, which of course has been exacerbated by this blind, unyielding support for Ukraine pouring weapons into the conflict, ensuring it lasts as long as possible.
  State Environment Minister Jens Kirsten announced that the hot water supply for private households could be reduced.
  Again, this is all part of the agenda to lower your living standards as part of the Great Reset, to make sure that you are energy dependent on, basically, the technocrats.
  And there was another report today, this is out of the Global Mail of Canada, Germany's largest residential landlord, Vonovia, to reduce heating for tenants to save energy.
   This is the largest residential landlord in Germany, It owns 490,000 apartments.
  Again, you'll own nothing and you'll be happy.
  You'll freeze in your apartment and you'll be happy.
  They apparently have the power to remotely turn down people's heating in the apartments that they own.
  Probably through smart meters, I would guess.
  But it says, Germany's largest residential landlord will reduce heating for tenants in many of its apartments at night.
  As Europe's biggest economy braces for possible gas crunch, with failing Russian fossil fuel imports, of course, Germany is dependent on Russia for its gas imports to a degree of over 30%.
  Russia has threatened to restrict the gas flow through Nord Stream even further as we inch towards the autumn and winter colder months.
  The company, which owns 490,000 apartments in Germany, will cut heating output between 11 p.m.
  and 6 a.m.
  to 17 degrees Celsius, a spokesperson for the company said.
  Of course, that's just the opening salvo.
  The Environment Minister in Hamburg is talking about restricting people's hot water at certain times of the day.
  Maybe they'll go back to a three-day-a-week thing like we had here in the UK.
  Where there were electricity power cuts for hours and hours and hours every single day as our living standards decline in line with the Great Reset Agenda.
  That's what they want.
  It's for the planet.
  They'll continue to fly on, you know, CO2 belching helicopters and private jets as they talk about this at Davos, of course.
  Says tenants will be able to use their heating as usual during the day.
  Oh, how gracious of them.
  And in the evening hours, the rationing will not affect hot water supply.
   And again, You think about some of these apartments in Eastern Germany, near Russia.
  Gets pretty friggin' cold in the winter months.
  Gets really cold in some areas.
  Says the reduced heating schedule will be rolled out gradually over the coming months and will be fully in place by the start of autumn.
  Little wonder then that Germans are panic buying stoves and firewood, as I just mentioned.
  Meanwhile, on the same kind of subject, from tomorrow, and this is from yesterday, in fact, because this article was posted two days ago, all new vehicles in the EU will have surveillance black boxes.
  But don't worry, they're saying it's voluntary, at least for now.
  These black boxes will measure technical data.
  Based on the vehicle's speed, braking, steering wheel angle, its incline on the road, and whether the vehicle's various safety systems were in operation, starting with seatbelts.
  They say the data is not accessible for insurance companies, but it will be accessible to law enforcement.
  Now, if they've got a black box in your vehicle tracking all that data, of course they're tracking everywhere you go, and everything along with that.
   As Reclaim the Net reports, such systems are expected to eventually include speed-limiting technology, and I make the point in the article that as we move towards a communist Chinese-style social credit score system, Your benefits, your privileges, your right to mobility could well be restricted based on your political opinions.
  We see that in China, with millions of people being prevented from buying plane tickets, train tickets, being prevented from having access to certain areas, certain entertainment events, based on the fact that they posted something spicy on Weibo.com that was critical of the Chinese government.
  So if you think there's no chance of that arriving in the West, then think again.
  Because we've already had it to some extent.
  New York to demand social media history for gun ownership.
  People in New York who want a license for a gun will be required to hand over their social media history in order to pass a character and conduct test under new legislation.
  Then we had CNN discussing this a couple of days ago.
  CNN suggests gun shops should check buyers' social media pages before agreeing sales.
  And of course, it's to just make sure that they're not disturbed individuals.
  But of course, when the liberal world order thinks that if you support Donald Trump, you're basically a far-right extremist, you can see how slippery this slope will become.
  Of course, if they get their way, they're not going to use it to just check for mentally disturbed people.
  They're going to use it to check for political opinions, offensive social media posts, and they're going to try and deny you your rights based on that.
  I don't want to stray too far from the great reset, reduction of living standards, cost of living crisis though.
  In fact, let's go to this quick video now.
  I'll come back and get more into it.
  This is people are losing interest in the current thing.
  Talks about Germany and why polls show that people are less enthusiastic to support the war in Ukraine because of the massive impact on energy that it's having at home.
  Here is the clip.
  Whisper it quietly, but Westerners appear to be losing interest in the current thing, as diesel and petrol prices continue to soar, as the cost of living crisis bites harder.
  I've noticed that, sadly, some of the Ukraine flags are starting to be taken down.
  Despite the media and deep state talking heads dubiously claiming for months that Russia was being defeated in Ukraine, it appears as though reality is setting in.
  This weekend the Washington Post reported how analysts and U.S.
  lawmakers are questioning whether American officials have portrayed the crisis in overly rosy terms, and acknowledged that Russian forces are gradually gaining more territory in eastern Ukraine.
  German television is starting to admit the obvious.
  So Richard Barron, former head of Joint Forces Command, told Sky News Russia is basically now winning.
  Russia has captured 100% of Lubansk Oblast, the first Ukrainian Oblast now completely out of Kiev's control, and the Russian military installed the victory banner in Belogorovka.
  The Polish Prime Minister also warned today that public interest in the conflict is waning rapidly.
  I'm afraid that the coming months will bring more indifference, said Mateusz Morawiecki.
  Meanwhile, Putin has been able to more than cope with the sanctions, thanks to a massive surplus created by soaring oil and gas prices.
  And last month, the ruble hit a five-year high against the dollar.
   People in the West, who back in March, thanks to media cheerleading, We're pretty gung-ho about the current thing.
  We now appear to be more concerned about the worsening cost of living crisis.
  A new poll finds that 20 million Germans are threatened with energy poverty and half the population fears being unable to properly heat their homes this coming winter.
  In the US, Biden's job approval has fallen to its lowest level ever recorded.
  An apaltry 11% of Americans believe the White House narrative that Putin is solely to blame for inflation and high gas prices.
   prices. Looks like the regime may soon require a new current thing with which to distract
   attention from the real causes, because this one might just have run its course.
   Now I'm going to come back on the other side and talk about a satirical article posted
   on the UN website which was later withdrawn, basically saying that worldwide hunger is
  But we had another article, Bill Gates granted authority to buy 2,100 more acres of North Dakota farmland.
  Again, they're waging this war on farmers with the cost of fertilizer increasing across the globe.
  The farmers, as you saw earlier in Netherlands, are violently protesting because they're going to be hit with these restrictions, which will force them to cull 30% of their livestock.
  The war is being waged on the farmers.
  You're being told you'll own nothing and be happy.
  Meanwhile, Bill Gates is buying vast record amounts of farmland across the United States.
  Do as we say, not as we do.
  We'll be back.
  Summit.News.
  Don't go away.
  So you're being told you'll own nothing and you'll be happy.
  Farmers in the Netherlands are being told that they're basically going to go out of business.
  Multi-generational businesses completely biting the dust as a result of technocratic, globalist, green energy climate change policies.
   They're going to be forced off their land But Bill Gates is going to continue buying land in vast quantities of acreage across the United States.
  Of course, one of the issues in the Netherlands is the fact that they're the biggest exporter of meat in Europe, one of the biggest in the world.
  And yet that capacity is going to be drastically reduced if these regulations, which won't be applied to the airline industry, are passed.
  Again, making the Netherlands and making much of Europe dependent on foreign imports of food and maybe dependent on eating the bugs.
   Interesting parallel with this is the fact that the UN, and this is out of Valiant News.com, has deleted a satirical article detailing the benefits of world hunger after an online backlash.
  The UN has removed a satirical article from their website that detailed the benefits of world hunger after its discovery online sparked an online backlash.
  It was entitled, The Benefits of World Hunger.
  It was written by Professor George Kent, originally published in June 2008.
  He said, quote, in this article, we sometimes talk about hunger in the world as if it were a scourge that all of us want to see abolished.
  Adding that hunger is actually a great positive value to many people.
  Indeed, it's fundamental to the working of the world's economy.
  Hungry people are the most productive people, especially where there's a need for manual labour.
  Interesting that was posted and then deleted from the UN website, again describing basically the serfs as exactly that, under a neo-feudalist system where they're forced off the land and there's not a land of plenty, a land of milk and honey, and we're all dependent on these technocratic globalist institutions merely to be fed.
   I remind listeners that Things like meat were a delicacy, things like beef were a delicacy in communist China right up until the late 80s where it was like a monthly treat that you could have a little slither of beef.
  I think that's what they have in mind for us.
  Many people aren't happy with it though, that's why you see massive riots and demonstrations across the continent.
  Let's go to this clip now though because I wanted to come back and talk about this.
   We've also got some Safe and effective vaccine news to cover.
  But the farmers in the Netherlands are being treated similarly to how the Freedom Convoy truckers were treated in Canada.
  And another story that basically flew under the radar over the past few days was this government-funded booklet being sent out to schools in Canada that tells school children to be suspicious of people who use, quote, the free speech argument.
   Here is the clip. Video is entitled "Guess what he's done now?" Let's roll it.
   After the Freedom Convoy outrage, did you think that the Trudeau regime might back off for a bit?
  Well, think again.
   The Canadian government, via taxpayers, has funded a booklet being sent to schools across the country that teaches children to be wary of people who use, quote, The free speech argument.
  Because it was among the common defences of hate propaganda.
  The point of this free toolkit is to help parents, educators and the community identify and intervene when a young person is being groomed and recruited by a white supremacist movement before it's too late.
   The country's diversity minister, yes, that's an actual position, more like clown world minister, Ahmed Hussen, told reporters that brainwashing kids to be paranoid about free speech would help, quote, Teach core values to our kids.
  Listen, when your core value is to denigrate and disavow one of the founding bedrock principles of your country, you've lost your country.
   The book also urges educators to correct kids who express support for problematic political leaders like Donald Trump.
  It also denounces the red ensign flag as a hate symbol because its usage denotes a desire to return to Canada's demographics before 1967 when it was predominantly white.
  Like, being white is a bad thing.
  It isn't.
  Husson approved 268,400 Canadian dollars funding for the booklet titled... Wait, so it's okay to teach four-year-olds that there are 200 different genders?
  It's okay to expose children to transvestite strippers in the form of drag queen story time.
  But telling them that free speech is anything other than a dirty, dangerous concept?
  Oh no, we can't have that!
  This isn't education, it's re-education.
  It's hyper-partisan social engineering.
  Lest we forget that this is the same government that responded to Canadian truckers expressing their free speech by brutalising them with riot cops, freezing their bank accounts and treating them like domestic terrorists.
  Your kids are being taught that free speech is hate propaganda, while the state itself uses actual hate propaganda to demonize an entire segment of society.
  Who knew that the guy who said he admired China's dictatorship... Admiration I actually have for China.
  Their, you know, basic dictatorship... ...would end up doing all this to Canada.
   Now we talked about the social credit system emerging in the West in terms of New York trying to pass new legislation demanding social media history for gun ownership but also CNN Saying that social media pages should be checked before people are allowed to buy guns.
  We also have this out of Remix News.
  Left-wing German minister wants to seize guns from members of conservative AFD party.
  Again, claiming they're all extremists because they support an alternative right-wing political party.
   We also had in the UK, and this brings us to our final clip, Halifax Bank openly saying that people who express offensive concepts, ideas or use offensive words on the internet will have their bank accounts cancelled.
  This is called They Made It Worse.
  Here is the clip.
  Well, if you thought Halifax couldn't put their foot in it even more, think again.
  Fresh from treading on one giant steaming turd, they just trod on another one.
  For those who missed it, Halifax Bank put out a cringe tweet virtue signalling about gender pronouns and a follow-up statement asserting that the policy would help avoid...
  Accidental misgendering.
  Cue massive backlash.
  But instead of letting that backlash dissipate, they doubled down by allowing some woke staffer called Andy to tell customers to close their accounts if they didn't like it.
  Countless customers then did close their accounts, costing the bank millions of pounds worth of investment.
  Experts called it the worst PR blunder in British business history.
   But instead of apologising, or just letting it go, They made it even worse.
  Instead of reaching out to customers who are thinking of cancelling their accounts and trying to convince them politely, otherwise, they're now threatening to report them to the police.
  Halifax linked to its inclusion and diversity policy where it said it would contact police if people behave in an inappropriate way towards their social media channels and described inappropriate behaviour as racist, sexist, homophobic, transphobic or ableist behaviour.
   Such action may include account closure, Or contacting the police if necessary.
  Yeah, your local friendly bank will now, at best, shut down your account if you express political views or use words that they deem to be offensive.
  Or at worst, they'll actually try to get you convicted and thrown in prison for it.
  Remember when banks were places to keep your money?
  And not political commissars acting on behalf of the thought police?
  Checking for disloyalty towards regime messaging?
  Oh, how we miss the good old days.
  We've got a couple of minutes left, so I'm going to wade into this latest COVID news.
  Daily Skeptic reports twice as many vaccine deaths as COVID deaths in the United States.
  Poll finds there's more than twice as many Americans have lost a household member to a COVID vaccine injury as have lost one to COVID.
  Gee, I wonder why that is?
  That's the shocking finding of a new poll of 1,500 Americans carried out by the polling company Pollfish.
  3.6% of respondents said someone in their household had died from COVID-19, but 7.9% said one had died as a result of COVID vaccination.
  Now, correct me if I'm wrong, but last time I checked, deaths from COVID vaccines weren't supposed to be double deaths from COVID itself.
  Surely they wouldn't lie to us.
   Meanwhile, Information Liberation reports Alberta reports unprecedented increase in ill-defined and unknown cases of death in 2021.
  Of course, we've also got this bizarre rise in unexplained deaths happening in the UK at the moment.
   They're blaming solar flares and all kinds of other New reasons that just suddenly cropped up in the last six months, God knows why.
  Deaths with unknown and ill-defined causes are now the Canadian province of Alberta's top killer, CTV News reports.
  Says Alberta is reporting an unprecedented increase in ill-defined and unknown causes of death in 2021.
  The category is leading the way over dementia.
  That was in the top spot since 2016.
   Then it was Covid, but now they've just got all these ill-defined and unknown deaths as people mysteriously just Suddenly collapse around the globe and no one has any clue as to what could possibly be causing it.
  Baby smothered in full face mask was full of joy, claims photographer.
  This is the shocking image of a baby, an infant, on a plane in New Zealand.
  It's full face covered with the mask.
   They cut out generously a couple of holes for the baby's eyes, but apparently Babies, who are notorious for fiddling around and having tantrums at a drop of a notice, was completely happy with having its entire face smothered with this blue surgical mask.
  And it was giggling, it was joyful, it was happy, according to the official story.
  Of course, we know that speech impediments, cognitive disorders, are way up because of parents wearing masks and forcing their kids to wear masks.
  That's going to wrap it up for Summit News.
  War Room is coming up next.
  summit.news don't go away.
   We have a giant sale going right now of amazing products that you and your
  family really need.
  And we also need the funding to stay on air and not have InfoWars shut down.
  You need these products.
  These are all amazing products at great prices at InfoWarsStore.com.
  It's the July 4th Super Sale and it starts today.
  Up to 75% off plus double Patriot Points at InfoWarsStore.com.
   Starting today and running through next Wednesday, a few days after July 4th, We have 50% off plus double Patriot points on Brain Force Plus, Ultra 12, Vitamin D3 gummies, Ultimate Krill Oil.
  That's a huge deal.
  Make almost no money on that.
  Lung Cleanse Plus, Fizzy Magnesium, Prostagard, Ultimate Fish Oil, VasoBeat Complete, 40% off on Knockout Sleep Support, Alpha Power, Living Defense Plus, Whole Food Multivitamin, Pollen Block, Survival Shield X2, all Dr. Jones Natural Products, massively discounted, 40%.
  And up to 60% off on Double Patriot points on Super Female Vitality and Iodine Surface Cleaning Spray.
  And finally, save a massive 75% plus off, plus Double Patriot points on Hair and Beard Support Formula that really is just a powerful multivitamin mineral.
  Just as good as our other formula that calls itself a multivitamin mineral.
  Maybe even better.
  That's at cost, or below it.
   We got to blow it out to fund the operation at infowarestore.com.
  And I want to explain something here.
   With what's going on in the world, you want to boost your immune system.
   And a lot of these products really, really do that, but they do a lot more amazing things as well.
  And here's something just as important.
   We have to sell these products to have funds to operate into the future,
   even though most of these products, we only have a few thousand bottles left of,
   and we're not even sure when we're going to get more, But I'm in that catch-22 of where we've got to move it.
  So this could be the last time you ever get these products.
  We absolutely need the funding, and they're amazing products.
  A 360 win at infowarestore.com.
   It is the July 4th super sale blowout that is starting right now, and I have taken the donations, the Bitcoin donations and things, and put
   orders in on eight of our best-selling products that have been sold out because of supply chain
  breakdowns.
   And we got in a bind because the supply chain breakdowns didn't have funds from other products
  being sold.
   So we didn't have the money to even buy those popular products.
   Now they're actually available again, highest quality proprietary, but now we do.
   And so in one month, four of the products come back in, and in two months, the other
  four products come in.
  Hooray.
  Hallelujah.
  Thank you for that donor.
   So we can take that donation and then double it to stay on the air.
   So we're talking about the nick of time, ladies and gentlemen.
  We are like just.
  
  Right there on the edge of oblivion, but God keeps coming through, through you.
  You keep supporting us, so thank you so much.
  So please, please take advantage of this July 4th super mega sale with double Patriot points and up to 75% off.
  In fact, we're losing money on that.
  And some products we get that I think are amazing don't sell.
  Hair and beard is that.
  Nobody wants it.
  Okay?
  It's really just a super powerful multivitamin mineral.
  Good for women, men, children, you name it.
  Very expensive version.
  Very fancy.
  It's 75% off right now at infowarestore.com.
  And don't forget, an Alex Jones is Right t-shirt while you're there.