InfoWars, the most banned network in the world.
  
  
  Ladies and gentlemen, we've got a loaded one-day transmission for you.
  Owen Troyer here in the driver's seat.
  Alex Jones is going to be joining me today with the latest breaking news.
   Now, all sorts of important topics that we're going to be covering today, but I want to just focus on one quickly and The story's been slowly developing.
  I've got other headlines about this.
  But it's the new Republican leadership of Kevin McCarthy, the House Speaker, promising he was going to release the January 6 footage to the public.
  That has not happened.
  And despite some murmurings and clamorings about Tucker Carlson's crew getting access to some of it, it was very restricted.
  But, not even to get into the hairs of that, Kev McCarthy, as of right now, you are a liar.
  You have not released the January 6th footage to the public like you promised you would, so that you could become Speaker of the House.
  So, you're a liar.
   Now, you could make right on that, you could still release it, but aside from that, What have we seen in response to the idea of the January 6 footage being released?
  Well, from Stephen Colbert and his late-night talk show, which is just a Democrat Party propaganda machine, that's it.
  He just takes his talking points from the Democrat Party propaganda.
  It's not even late-night TV.
  It's not even comedy.
  It's not too hard to figure that out.
   From pushing you a vaccine that's going to poison you for a year to Going on air this week saying, we can't release the January 6th footage.
  Like, literally he's reading off a Democrat teleprompter.
  We can't release the footage.
  It will release national security secrets.
  It'll show people where the cameras are at.
  It's too dangerous.
  Representative Benny Thompson, Democrat, warns release of January 6th video could compromise capital security.
  Chuck Schumer coming out saying the same thing.
  We can't release this.
  What are you, nuts?
  What are you, crazy?
  Well, you know, I bet if it was showing something Trump did, they'd want you to release, they'd want it released.
  I bet if it showed their narrative of what happened on January 6th to be true, a bunch of Trump supporters going in there trying to insurrect, then they'd want you to see it.
  But they don't!
  And now here's a journalist, Dana Milbank, saying you can't see it in clip three.
  Speaker Kevin McCarthy is under fire for sharing about 44,000 hours of surveillance camera footage from January 6th with Fox News host Tucker Carlson.
  Other media organizations, including NBC News, have demanded access to the tapes as well.
  The Speaker is more than just a political leader.
  They also oversee the day-to-day administration of the Capitol, including security.
  Is there something unprecedented about what McCarthy has done here, Dana?
  Yeah, I mean, day after day it seems that he breaks precedent after precedent.
  This is another one of the promises he made to the holdouts to give him the speakership.
  According to Matt Gaetz himself, this is one of the things that Kevin McCarthy promised to release all of this footage.
  And now he's doing your job.
  He's not released it, he's released it specifically.
  So he's working for you then, because you don't want us to see the footage, and he hasn't followed through, he hasn't made good on his promise to release the footage.
  See, it's never enough with these tyrants.
  They want full control of Kev McCarthy.
  They don't even like him releasing it to Fox News crews.
  But think about it like this.
  Why don't the Democrats want you to see that footage?
  Why are the January 6th defendants in court fighting to have that footage released, but not the people claiming that they're guilty of an insurrection?
  And the same question you could apply to the Nord Stream 2 pipeline.
  All these European countries are demanding an investigation into the Nord Stream 2 pipeline.
  You know who's shutting that down?
  Joe Biden.
  Why don't they want you to see the January 6th footage?
  Why don't they want you to know who did the Nord Stream 2 pipeline?
  The truth is, because the Democrats did both of those events.
  It's the final countdown for freedom for humans on planet Earth, or even humanity on planet Earth.
  Or it's the final countdown for global government tyranny, medical tyranny, weaponized government against the people of this planet, stopping us from controlling our destiny.
  This is the Alex Jones Show, live here on this Monday, February 27, 2023.
  Filling in for Alex, Owen Schroer, today.
  Alex is joining me in the second hour with big breaking news.
  And I'm also hoping, we're efforting to get Jim Hoft on, or somebody from the Gateway Pundit, to cover a lot of the election news that's breaking, where just wild stuff coming out of Arizona, wild stuff coming out of Houston, wild stuff coming out of Los Angeles.
  And it's the stuff you would expect, but we're talking about millions of illegal votes, we're talking about voter fraud that can obviously overturn true election results.
  And a lot of criminal activity that's being exposed.
  But there's an old headline that's another headline from today, from this weekend.
  And that is, legal walls close in on Trump.
  Walls close in on Trump.
  And this is their big syndicated article bashing Trump from over the weekend.
  You can go on a Google search and plug in Walls Closing on Trump.
  And since 2016, 2015 probably even, you'll find all kinds of stories, news reports, Walls Closing!
  There's entire video compilations, probably at Grabien.
  But they're out there.
   entire media compilations and it's just one talking head after the other like they're reading off the same script like we've seen before and they all say the walls are closing in on Trump the walls are closing in the walls are closing in the walls are closing in look at that there it is right there so Are the walls closing in on Trump?
  Have they been closing in on Trump for, what, seven years now?
  They're closing in!
  The walls are closing in!
  They've been saying it for seven years, but that's not even the point.
  The point is that the walls are closing in on the globalists.
  The walls are closing in on the Biden administration.
  Why doesn't the Biden administration want to investigate the Nord Stream 2 pipeline explosion?
  Because they did it!
  And guess what?
  The rest of the world is figuring that out.
  Including the European countries that are having meetings, leaving the United States out, leaving the Biden administration out, trying to decide how they're going to deal with this madness.
  They don't want war with Russia, they don't want World War III, NATO does not want Ukraine, and Ukraine is not in the NATO alliance.
  And it was the Biden administration that blew up the Nord Stream 2 pipeline as a false flag event to try to get Europe more invested into the war against Russia in Ukraine, and it didn't take.
  It didn't take.
  So our leaders are basically mad villains, psychotic, mad, but really even more psychotic than mad.
  They're just incompetent.
  They're defunct.
  They're not in their prime.
  They're not sending their best.
  So the walls are actually closing in on Joe Biden.
  But that's just half the story.
  The walls are closing in on the idea of global government.
  Because people are starting to realize what it really means, what it really represents, what stopping man-made climate change really is about.
  Remove climate change from that, and you've got it.
  Well, that's just stopping man.
  Bingo.
  But no, the walls are closing in on Pete Booty, Judge.
  You know, they tried to blame Trump for the whole train derailment, and there's a bunch of news on that today.
  Well, it actually turns out, no, no, it wasn't the regulations cut by Trump.
  It was a demand that the unions made after Trump to the Biden administration and Pete Buttigieg.
  And the union said, we don't need to have all of these crew members on like Trump wanted, plus the automated system.
   And so, The story was that, oh, there was only one crew member on the train and they were trying to blame that on Trump.
  Well, actually, it was the union request to do that.
  But it turns out there were actually three people on the train that were crew members during the derailment.
  So again, they lied.
  They were wrong.
  But isn't that so typical?
  Blame Trump for what you've done?
  Trump stole the election.
  No, you guys steal elections.
  The walls are closing in on Joe Biden.
  The walls are closing in on the military-industrial complex.
  Now that's dangerous because it's the whole flip over the board, turn over the table moment of desperation that we could be facing.
  But it's the same why.
  Why don't the Democrats and their friends in the media want you to see the January 6th footage?
  Because it shows everything they've told you about January 6th is a lie, and it will show you that it was indeed Democrats, I mean, I don't know if they would call themselves Democrats, but Antifa types, leftist types, maybe FBI provocateurs, with their face masks on, with their black hoodies and black pants and black Antifa gear, breaking in, busting through, tearing down the barriers.
  And then when the Trump supporters get in there with, you know, their American flags and their Trump hats, they're just kind of walking through the velvet ropes like, oh, well, this is kind of cool.
  Like it's a tourism event.
  So they lied about that.
  They sent in their provocateurs and false flagged it and lied about it.
  And now they don't want you to see the evidence.
  Isn't it so obvious?
  January 6th defendants, like myself, begging for the footage to be released.
  Why would I want that footage to be released?
  Because it'll show the entire event.
  That they are claiming it was, is a lie!
  Same with the other defendants, the ones rotting in jail cells.
  You know, the doctors, the military veterans, the moms, the dads, rotting in jail cells for years, they want the footage released.
  Why?
  Because it'll prove their innocence!
  So why don't the Democrats want the footage released?
  Why don't their friends and their propaganda agents in the American media, in the mainstream media, why don't they want the footage released?
  Well, it's the exact same why.
  They don't want you to know who blew up the Nord Stream 2 pipeline.
  Because they did it.
  The Democrats did January 6th.
  They stood down the National Guard.
  They stood down the D.C.
  Police.
  They sent in their provocateurs.
  They had a film crew, a documentary film crew, ready to go because they knew they were staging this false flag.
  And even Nancy Pelosi's daughter, who was shooting the documentary, how convenient that day, has come out and said in a hot mic, hot camera, she didn't know she was on, saying, yeah, there was no insurrection on January 6th, the whole thing is a lie.
  So why don't the Democrats and their friends in the mainstream media want you to see the January 6th footage?
  The same reason they don't want you to know who blew up the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, because they did it.
  They did it.
  They are the bad guys.
  They are the crooks.
  They are the criminals.
  They are the liars.
  And the minute you realize that, the entire gig is up.
   The minute you realize these are the most coordinated, conscious, lying, conniving, deceiving, People on Earth, why would you trust anything else they're selling you?
  You're not going to trust their global government.
  You're not going to trust their medical tyranny.
  You're not going to trust their stop man-made climate change agenda.
  You're not going to trust anything they sell you anymore, and you shouldn't!
  And you never should!
  But that's why they're in a circle-the-wagons technique right now, saying, you can't see the January 6th footage, it's dangerous!
  And we can't know who blew up the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, it's dangerous!
  Really?
  Well, yeah, I guess it is dangerous for the criminals that did it.
  In other words, it's dangerous for you, the Democrats!
  You know, I don't want to spend all day on this.
  And I've got some news I'll cover right now, and we'll move on for the time being.
  I will tell you that reporter for the Gateway Pundit, Cara Castronova, is going to be joining me on the War Room later today to discuss some of the latest January 6th developments with those cases that are ongoing.
   But the question that needs to be asked Why is the same media and the same Democrat party that told you January 6th was the worst event in American history, worse than Pearl Harbor, worse than 9-11, and if you're listening to me and you think that I'm exaggerating or being sensational, no, they literally did that.
  That's not me dramatizing the situation, that's them.
  They compared it and said it was worse on national television, saying January 6th was worse than 9-11 in Pearl Harbor.
  Some of them saying combined.
  That's how deranged these lunatics are.
  But I mean, anybody that would want a global government is clearly a little deranged.
  But no, they told you it was the worst thing ever.
  They told you need to be concerned.
  They told you it was a terror attack.
  And now they're telling you, you can't see the footage from that day.
  I mean, that should give away the entire operation right there.
  Worst attack on the U.S.
  Capitol ever.
  Worst terror attack in U.S.
  history.
  Insurrection.
  Wow, that sounds bad.
  I'd like to see some of that footage.
  No!
  You can't see the footage!
  Oh, why not?
  You build it up.
  You say how bad it is.
  You sell us on this event.
  And now we can't even see the evidence?
  Hmm.
  Pretty obvious what's going on there, isn't it?
  And then there's Kevin McCarthy.
  Boy, oh boy.
  I had hope.
  I thought he would come through.
  And he promised us he'd release the footage.
  Kevin!
  Oh, Kevin!
  Where's the footage, buddy?
  It's been over a month now.
  We'd like that footage.
  And Kevin...
  In case you haven't noticed, that footage has the Democrat Party absolutely panicked.
  And the mainstream media absolutely panicked.
  And don't tell me it's about national security.
  Don't tell me it's about security or safety concerns.
  These people have the southern border wide open with rapists and murderers and drug dealers and human traffickers pouring in, making billions of dollars every day.
  Don't tell me about national security.
  You don't want me to see what really happened on January 6th.
  Bullcrap!
  So, Kevin McCarthy, hi!
  Hi, Kevin!
  Where's that footage you promised us, Kevin?
  Kevin!
  Kevin, you promised us some footage.
  The Democrats are absolutely panicked over it.
  You think we could get that footage, huh?
  You think you could maybe come through with that promise?
  Oh, Kevin?
  Or are you the stinker?
  Are you the swamp creature that we thought you were?
  I gave him a chance.
   I've given him the benefit of the doubt in the month since he was confirmed as the House Speaker, but Looking for something here, Kevin!
  We ain't got all day!
   But you see, it's the same reason they don't want you talking about the Nord Stream 2 pipeline.
  And I'm gonna move on, but it needs to be well understood by the American people.
   And now, Donald Trump went on Glenn Beck's radio show, This morning, Trump to Glenn Beck, Nord Stream attack could have been us.
  The one group it wasn't was Russia.
  It was actually over the weekend, Trump said that with Glenn Beck.
  And that's just the truth.
  I mean, you have Victoria Nuland, who's just, she's elbow deep in all the Ukrainian corruption with the bio labs and Rosemont Seneca and Hunter Biden.
  She's been over there for years.
  She's been over there for decades.
  She knows what's going on.
  And you have Joe Biden, you have Victoria Nuland, you have all these members of the Biden administration coming out and saying, we're going to stop the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, we're going to blow up the Nord Stream 2 pipeline.
  And then it happens, and you say, wow, it must have been those guys that said they were going to do it.
  And they say, oh, no, what not?
  Oh, oops.
  Oh, oops, we bragged about committing a war crime.
  Oh, oops, we bragged about wanting to commit a terror attack.
  And then we did it.
  And we bragged about it.
  And now we're caught.
  It's like Joe Biden in front of the Council on Foreign Relations.
  I mean, Ukraine has been stealing billions of dollars from the United States for years.
  And Biden loves it.
  Biden loves it because it's 10% for the big guy!
  So what's 10% of a billion?
  A hundred million?
  Did Joe Biden get a hundred million dollars when he released the billion dollars for Ukraine?
  So that they would fire a prosecutor that wasn't investigating his son?
  Did Biden get 10% of that money too?
  See, this is why our politicians love all this foreign money that we give away, because they can use it as bribe and leverage material.
  You better not investigate my son's criminal activity in Ukraine, or we're not going to send you a billion dollars.
  And he brags about it in front of the Council on Foreign Relations, and then the guy gets fired, and his son Hunter Biden makes millions of dollars working for a gas company.
  He has no experience in the oil field, in the oil industry.
  They're criminals, they're crooks, and they've been caught, and they brag about it on national television.
  We're gonna blow up the pipeline.
  We didn't blow up the pipeline!
  So Trump telling the truth on Glenn Beck, and everybody knows it.
  Russia knows they blew it up.
  Switzerland knows they blew it up.
  Norway was apparently involved.
  Germany knows the United States blew it up.
  Everybody knows it.
  And so there's a real standoff going on.
  As far as how involved NATO and these other European allies want to get involved in Ukraine to back Biden's war against Russia, to protect their criminal vassal state of Ukraine, their money laundering, their asset laundering operation.
  Hungary demands UN investigation in a scandalous attack on Nord Stream 2 pipelines.
  Again though, you don't hear United States demands investigation.
  You don't hear Joe Biden demands investigation.
  You don't hear Vladimir Zelensky demands investigation.
  No, you don't, do you?
  You hear about these European countries demanding an investigation, but you get crickets.
  You get silence from the Biden administration.
  They don't want it to be investigated because they did it.
  Remember when liberals were anti-war?
  This is going to be a nice little thorn in your side.
  This is going to be a nice little dagger into you fake anti-war liberals.
  President George W. Bush supports U.S.
  involvement in Ukraine.
  There you go, folks.
  There you go.
  So now Bush supports the war in Ukraine.
  You libs still going to like that?
  You Obama voters?
  The anti-war Democrats?
  You hated George Bush.
  You called him a war criminal.
  He killed millions of people in Iraq, right?
  Afghanistan, right?
  Right?
  He's so bad, right?
  Right?
  Oh, but the war in Ukraine, though, you guys agree with that, don't ya?
  Don't ya?
  His cognitive decline is going to get people killed.
  Former White House physician says Joe Biden is leading U.S.
  into war.
  Yeah, actually, people already died in Afghanistan.
  People have already died in Ukraine, so it's already caused people to die.
  As always, an honor and a privilege to be with you here today.
  The emergency transmissions are still blasting out internationally.
  Despite the globalists, the global criminal cabal, secret societies agenda to have us removed.
   And you know, I have to tell you, I brought in today, I haven't taken my morning supplements, I was running around all morning and I didn't have time, but I did Put them in a little baggie here.
  And so these are my morning supplements.
  Let's see how many we got in here.
  I think we got exactly 10 different pills in here.
  I think six or seven of them are right from Infowarsstore.com.
  And so I still need to take those.
  Just need to get a cup of water.
  I really do take the products from Infowarstore.com.
  I really am a product of the products from Infowarstore.com, so I'm not just up here selling you something, talking about something that I don't take and use myself.
  We really do have the best supplements, and when you realize how depleted our diets are of basic nutrition, you realize this is why the supplement industry has taken off throughout the years.
   But, considering what a large industry it's become, Obviously the people come in bringing you low quality supplements at the highest price.
  We do the opposite.
  We bring you the highest quality supplements at the lowest price and then use that to fund ourselves at InfoWareStore.com.
  That's what we do to stay on air.
  We don't take money from big pharmaceutical companies like Pfizer so that we can't warn you about the deadly side effects of their vaccine.
  Unlike the mainstream news outlets that are beholden to their corporate sponsors, whether it's Big Hollywood or Big Pharma or Big Agra, and then they can't talk about it.
  And you know, it's funny enough, but that was kind of the plot line for Anchorman 2.
  Which is actually a really underrated movie.
  Usually those follow-ups aren't as good, but Anchorman 2 was really good.
  But that was the whole plotline.
  It's like, oh, they can't talk about the real news because it hurts their corporate sponsors.
  Well, we don't have the corporate sponsors.
  We have you, the sponsors.
  Shopping at InfowarsStore.com.
  And so we appreciate that.
  We do still have the prebiotic fiber 40% off right now and all of the InfoWars MD line supplements at a discount as well at InfoWarsStore.com and of course it's your support there that keeps us on the air.
  But there's supplements there at InfoWarsStore.com.
  I will not go a day without taking like DNA Force Plus for one and so much more and of course you know I won't go on air.
  Without BrainForce Plus or BrainForce Ultra.
  So when I've got a long day of double duty like today, BrainForce Plus, BrainForce Ultra, my go-to.
  Also on sale exclusively at InfoWareStore.com.
  Wow!
  It was like we planned that out, guys.
  That synergy here on a Monday.
  Alright.
  The walls are closing in on the Deep State.
  The walls are closing in on the Globalist.
  The walls are closing in on Big Pharma.
  Woody Harrelson is an American hero.
  After what he did on Saturday Night Live.
  Now, there's an older video that's kind of resurfaced.
  Second video of Woody Harrelson blasting Big Pharma appears online.
  This time with Bill Maher agreeing.
  Yeah, Bill Maher's an actual liberal.
   And while he has a lot of differences in ideologies from, let's say, right-wingers or conservatives, He's not a psychotic big government control freak authoritarian, and so he sees that stuff and calls it out, and with the vaccines that has been an obvious one.
   But, I'm not gonna play the clip, the whole monologue is about six minutes, they have it on the screen here, but Woody Harrelson just so perfectly breaks down the madness of COVID and the vaccines, but in a humorous way, That's like he's telling you what happened but saying that's impossible because nobody would believe that except that's exactly what happened, ironically enough.
  And so it goes totally viral and sadly, sadly a lot of people are waking up now to the truth about the vaccines and the side effects and this died suddenly situation.
   The good news is Because of this realization and because of this awakening I mean you realize their entire plan was probably have you on about your fourth or fifth vaccine by now and that's why they gave you that certification card and remember it had like five boxes in it so the plan really
  From Pfizer and the big pharma companies that own our government and own our media.
  The plan was really to have you on about your fourth or fifth shot by now.
  Or dead.
  But, not just InfoWars, but because of all the other news outlets out there pushing back against it.
  The whole vaccine pass failed.
  This whole booster, get your boosters and get your third booster and fourth booster has just completely collapsed.
  And so, the good news is that you got one of these vaccines, the odds of you having a life-altering side effect are pretty low.
  Pretty low.
  You have two, three, four, they exponentially increase with each shot, obviously.
  But everybody's sadly learning about this now.
  FDA reveals rare, possibly fatal neurological disorder is a potential risk with new Pfizer vaccine.
  And now they're investigating another professional athlete's death.
  42-year-old former U.S.
  swimming champ dies in Virgin Islands, found on the floor.
  Police are investigating, so we don't know the story there, but it's another die-suddenly phenomenon either way.
  But it's every day.
   And I have, from all over the country, just friends and audience members, From all over the country, and it's local news stories, 12-year-old basketball player dies, cardiac arrest.
  14-year-old football player dies on the field, cardiac arrest.
  Cross-country runner dies, cardiac arrest.
  Like, this has never happened before.
  This is odd.
  Yeah, well, the number one side effect for the vaccine is the heart problems.
  And they just want to normalize it, and you can go find all these different stories now, and they run television ads about how it's normal for 12-year-old boys and girls to have heart attacks.
  That's normal now.
  Nothing to see there.
  Don't worry about that.
  Well, that wasn't normal.
  Why is it normal now?
  What has changed?
  Okay, this story just broke.
  I didn't even see this, just broke.
  31 year old former Mets minor league pitcher Matt Poberecko dies suddenly of a heart attack.
  31 years old professional athlete dies suddenly heart attack.
  So, boy oh boy I'll tell ya.
  Trying to pace myself today, I've got a long day.
  And I'm trying to pace myself, but, but, you know, I gotta tell ya.
  You know, I've got, I've got friends, I've got family, and I meet people that are now friends, and they took the vaccine, and they, you know, they didn't know any better.
  They don't, they don't even watch news.
  They don't even care.
  They just were told it was safe and effective.
  They were told they needed to go to work.
  They were told they needed to travel.
  They were told they needed to fight against COVID infection.
  Just all lies.
  And, you know, maybe you experienced this too.
   I mean, it's such a difficult subject to breach because I'm not trying to put People I know and care about into this state of fear, irrationally.
  But it's just like, man.
  So all I say is, oh, okay, hey, make sure you don't get another.
  Make sure you don't get another.
  Like, hey, there's a lot of bad side effects, they're killing people.
  Make sure you do not get another.
  And the good news is, most of them never did go back to get the booster, but man, it makes me so mad they got tricked into taking it.
   Last night, I was discussing with Alex Jones, who joins us coming up in the next hour, Part of the story when it comes to the 15-minute city idea that is now being talked about, and there's already some examples of this, like they want to build this wall city in Saudi Arabia, which I'm actually not even that opposed to as much as other commentators have been.
  It's really just tyranny.
  If you want to go live in some wall facility or commune like that, I have no problem with that.
  You can't force people into doing it, and maybe the thing ends up working out, but more realistically, it's not just an infrastructure built where you just have your whole life there in this hub, but it's the tyranny and the surveillance and the social credit system and everything that comes along with it, which is really right out of China.
   And so the best way to describe a 15 minute city would basically to say you're in an open air prison camp
   and you can't, I mean ultimately they like the situation if they can control all the resources.
   This is why they have to destroy the Amish and other such people so that you can't live
  outside the city.
   They control the water, they control the food, and you just literally can't even exist.
  You can't live.
  They wanna make it impossible to farm.
  OVH buying up all the farmland.
  They wanna make being Amish illegal.
   They wanna make just having natural organic food that you can just grow right there on your land,
   have animals and plants and everything to be self-sustainable.
  They wanna shut all that down.
   And so imagine an open air prison, and yes, there will be bars around the city
  for your protection, of course.
  For your protection.
  Of course, they're built to keep you in.
  They're built to keep you in.
  And imagine, like at a ballgame, and this is what I was talking about with Alex, is what I saw at this ballgame over the weekend.
  But imagine you've got the reverse turnstile when you leave the stadium, and I don't know if they really make these anymore, but where you can only walk out and you can't get back in.
  Except it's the opposite.
  You can't leave once you're in.
  You're in the open-air prison facility.
  And having the cashless society is one of the big parts.
   Now, apparently Cleveland is already doing this, so Hillary Clinton says, We need to have a cashless society to stop climate change.
  And the man-made climate change myth is the foundational lie that all of this next-level tyranny is going to be built upon.
  But here's a report.
  Cleveland, Ohio apparently wants to become the first 15-minute city in the United States.
  Biden introduced the idea of being the first 15-minute city in the United States.
  He did this in his State of the City address last night.
  The urban planning model is new, but city planners told our Sarah Shookman the time is now to tap into federal dollars to address some of Cleveland's deeper problems.
  Imagine a Cleveland where everything you need is less than 15 minutes away.
  It's this ideal planning framework where human needs and desires are accessible within a 15 minute walk, bicycle ride, or transit trip.
  And that's really what we're striving for in this new planning model.
  City planner Matt Moss says it doesn't have to be a dream.
  Instead of a concrete jungle where people work and separate places where people live, in a 15-minute city, everything is closer.
  It's starting out with the city we have now and then asking residents how they might want their community to grow or change in ways that, again, make things more accessible or provide them with more opportunities to access the things they want to get to in their day-to-day lives.
  So, this has failure written all over it for multiple reasons.
  The entire concept is impossible, first of all.
  This idea, I mean, you're literally talking about a Judge Dredd-style megacity, or you're talking about like a scene from The Fifth Element with 500-story skyscrapers and everything's in your building, like in Judge Dredd.
  And you can't leave, you can't get in.
  But this whole concept is ludicrous, and if you want to live in a 15-minute city lifestyle, you can already do that.
  You can already, I've had it before, maybe not a 15-minute city is the best way to put it, but I've strategically located myself before where I'm right next to a bus stop, or right next to a train stop.
  So I can utilize that public transit.
  Or better yet, I'll find somewhere to live that's a mile or two from where I work.
  I walk to work, I bike to work for about five years of my life when I was living in St.
  Louis.
  So you can already choose that lifestyle if you want it.
  This is about removing the element of choice.
  Selling it to you like it's this great idea.
  Tell me how, okay, I'll tell you what.
  You want to build a 15 minute city?
  Okay, I'm all for it.
  We just spent $150 billion in Ukraine.
  Do you think we could have built a 15-minute city with that?
  Look at the Dallas Cowboys Stadium, AT&T Stadium, Jerry World.
  Look at that construction.
  Look at that monstrosity of a building.
  That was a billion dollars.
  You could have built 150 of those.
  Hell, one Dallas Cowboys stadium is like a city.
  You could have built 150 of those and you gave the money to Ukraine?
  For what?
  You want to build a 15-minute city?
  Fine.
  Stop giving our money to other countries.
  Go ahead, build your 15-minute city.
  Go ahead, build your little organic self-sustainable 15-minute city infrastructure.
  I'm for it!
  Let's see it!
  Maybe it works, maybe it doesn't.
  Let's give it a try.
  No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
  You're gonna have a bunch of... I mean, look, I don't know anything about that guy that we just played in the Cleveland News Report there, but I don't think I'd want him running my life.
  I'll put it like that, okay?
  I don't want him running my life.
  So all these people are going to do now is they're going to destroy, you watch, if they actually implement this in Cleveland, Cleveland is going to be worse to live in now.
  And they're going to destroy your infrastructure, and they're going to destroy your normal commute and everything you're used to, and it's going to be a complete bungled mess, and nobody's going to even buy into this idea of a 15 minute city.
  So what?
  You can only work at the local fast food place?
  Or you can only work at the local grocery store?
  What if you want to work somewhere else?
  What if you got a job somewhere out of town?
  What if you need to drive far to work?
  What if you want to live outside of the city?
  See, this is all about removing choice.
  And the cashless society has everything to do with it.
  And Alex may want to talk about this when he comes back.
  I know he's got news he wants to break, but... I'm at the...
  Austin FC football club soccer game over the weekend and they've already got all the venues here in Austin that are cash free.
  Every venue here in Austin is cash free.
  I mean, there's local venues and stuff and bars, but I mean, if you want to go to a big concert, if you want to go to a big sporting event, all the venues are cash free.
  You can only use your card.
  And I always complain.
  And the workers are always like, yeah, it's bullcrap.
  We don't like it either.
  And then someone else will overhear it and say, yeah, this is BS.
  So nobody even wants this crap.
  It just gets forced on us.
  By the big corporations that own everything.
  And they have all the money.
  So yeah, I mean, I get it.
  You're a ball stadium, you're a venue or whatever, you're trying to make money, you're trying to cut costs, and you get told by the payment processors and the cards processors and all your different corporate sponsors, you gotta do the cashless stuff.
  So they do it.
   But there's this new thing, I don't know if this is unique to Austin or if others have experienced this, I don't even know how it works.
  This is crazy.
  You walk in to, they have this, it's like a tiny little marketplace, like a bodega type of situation at the ballgames, where they'll just have 20 refrigerators lined up and little, you know, display things of popcorn and chips and peanuts and stuff.
  And it's got an arm like a subway and you flash your subway ticket and the arm lifts up and you go ride the subway.
  Well, this is like a little market that they have at the stadium and you flash your card.
   You have to have your chip on your card to get in and you put your chip in front of the reader on your debit card and the arm lifts up and you can go in and somehow, somehow, The technology, the surveillance technology they have watches what you grab and charges you when you walk out and you don't have to swipe it or anything else.
  Well, yeah, and eventually they want that to be in your wrist.
  And eventually they want it to be mandatory in order for you to get access to the 15-minute cities where they're going to have all the food, all the water, all the resources.
  This is their plan for tyranny over you.
  
   Last year, we published a report entitled evidence that US government
  targeted red states with deadly batch of vaccine.
  A story that most outlets ignored.
  Private leaked documents from the CDC show a list of expiry dates and only certain lots are included.
  The very same lots found to be highly toxic in part of Cooper's database.
  This mode of deployment allows governments the ability to direct deadly batches into specific populations, such as red states.
  Analysis of the number of dying per 100,000 vaccinated in 50 states shows us that the overwhelming majority of vaccine deaths are happening in red states.
  Second smartest guy in the world on Substack also reported on it and has recently published an update writing that now we have a more robust and far more damning view of this carefully distributed depopulation scheme.
  Back in Ohio of 2021, the Exposé publishes a report on data found in the USA's VAERS, Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System, which reveals that 100% of COVID-19 vaccine deaths had been caused by just 5% of the batches.
  Batches that can be identified.
  And these deadly batches were not distributed evenly.
  The top eight states with the highest vaccination death rate, Kentucky, Arkansas, West Virginia, Montana, Alaska, North Dakota, Wyoming, and Tennessee, are all red states.
  19 of the top 24 on the list are red states.
  And California has been the least affected by the deadly lots of COVID vaccine.
  The numbers show that Kentucky has a 1,900% worse vaccination death rate than California, suggesting that Kentucky received 20 times the amount of deadly batches than California did.
  Florida, number 20 on the list of most vaccine deaths per vaccination, received three times the amount of deadly batches than California.
  With its vaccination death rate at 200% higher than California's.
  The author points out that these deadly batches would be better classified as rapid kill lots and slow kill lots.
  As we are now seeing more evidence that they kill over time.
  And the evidence shows that red states were targeted with the rapid kill shots.
  This would go along with the United Nations Agenda 2030 plan, which seeks to move the entire population into crowded cities and federalize all of flyover country in the name of climate change.
  They have less than seven years to accomplish this, and they are deadly serious about it.
  The US government is in lockstep with the United Nations, and they will resort to murder and democide to accomplish their goals of total control.
  Many are suggesting that this is what is happening in East Palestine, Ohio, right now.
  The people of America are under attack by their own government, who is never going to quit until they accomplish their goals or unless they are stopped.
  Reporting for InfoWars, this is Greg Reese.
  
  
   A lot of his supporters believe that we are the enemy of the American people.
  And that is really, really an awful situation.
  We are not the enemy of the American people.
  We love the American people.
  
  
  
  
  
  We are not the enemy of the American people.
  of the United People.
  We love the American people.
  
  We love the American people.
  
  They came in peace.
  
  
  We are not the enemy of the American people.
  Good night, my people.
  
  
  
  This is CNN.
  
  If you are receiving this transmission...
  
  InfoWars, the most banned network in the world.
   Ladies and gentlemen, we have now entered hour number two of this Monday, February 27th, 2023 transmission.
  I'm your host, Alex Jones.
  Riding shotgun with me is the great Owen Schroyer until 3 p.m.
  today when he returns to the War Room.
  Thank you again so much for joining us.
   Last night, I spent most of the two hours getting into the fact on the Sunday broadcast That the Great Awakening is here and the chain reaction is now accelerating.
  We have successfully triggered a global awakening chain reaction.
  That means I have, Owen has, the crew has, the audience of activists and people spreading the word.
  You've done it.
  That's why the enemy has abject, explosive, lying hatred for the InfoWars operation and our family of pro-humans.
  We stand against their eugenics depopulation plans, we stand against their nuclear wars, we stand against their Great Resets, their 15-minute cities, Agenda 2030, and the whole entire project of the transhumanist mad scientist death cult.
  So I want to thank all of you who joined us in the first hour, and I'll be back tomorrow hosting the first and the second hour as well, but today I was working on some very important projects and also spending some time with family.
   Before I plunge back into all this news, And all the huge developments that are taking place, listeners have noticed that I've been taking off four, five, six days a month, the last three months.
  People are like, what's going on?
  Alex Jones, you know, never takes off more than maybe two weeks a year maximum and usually works from the road.
  And it's very, very simple.
  But also very, very profound.
  And I explained this again just a few weeks ago.
  My primary mission of 28 years on air, 30 plus years politically active, was to ignite a global awakening to the New World Order.
   And now, I've said this for years, have I ever seen our deep knowledge of how this really works spreading to a lot of other pundits and talk show hosts, and they really have the multi-dimensional 3D chess understanding that I don't have to maximum pedal the metal basically killing myself Working 15 to 20 hours a day.
  When Trump was in, I knew we had a shot at really turning things around then and devastating the globalists.
  But he got so infiltrated and his ego got in the way and a lot of other things.
  Trump is a perfect nobody is.
  That we damaged the globalists but didn't fully get the chain reaction going.
  Really because it was too much about Trump.
  And so I would work 15 hours a day on average.
  Six days a week and about four, five, six hours on Saturdays.
  And my children are 20 and they are 19 and 15 and five and a half.
  Three with my first wife, one with my second wife.
   And I know that I need to get my head in the game and really cogitate and think about the new world order and have time to really process what's going on to talk about what the next major leg of my mission is going to be.
  I've got a lot of ideas, but it's still percolating through my mind.
   And so that's what I've been doing is taking off an unprecedented six, seven days a month and still working part-time just because It's beyond recharging my batteries.
  And so we used to, when I'd take off even a day or two, people got pissed off.
  And I understand why.
  There's important stuff to cover.
  And you're dedicated to listening and giving us information and sharing information with us and spreading the word.
  And I love you and I appreciate you.
  But with all the attacks and all the demonization, all things going on, and also having to go to court all the time and behind the scenes things, I was getting to where I was not looking over the horizon on what was coming next and how to stop the enemy's next move.
  I was spending too much time in the present.
  But, again, just in the last six months or so, I can confirm, just with deep analysis, but you can also just see it everywhere, that humanity really has turned a corner here.
  Now, the globalists had to really push and lock things down and kill millions of people and ship out specially directed poison injections in certain deep red areas of the U.S.
   and other populous conservative areas of Europe, and Australia, New Zealand, and Canada.
  So we're in the middle of a bioweapon attack.
  We're in the middle of a total Hitlerian 2.0 system.
  And also going through three years of that really changed me a lot.
  And there's a lot to describe here, and we have a lot of news to cover, but people ask me this question a lot, so I was just going to get it out here on air.
   That I've gone in the last few years from really hating the New World Order To being very, very sad about the whole situation.
  Now, I always did what I do for love of my family, love of your family, because our children grew up in the world together.
  So if you don't have empathy and love others, you don't love yourself.
  So I don't even see that as some wonderful attribute that I really do care about people and really do love people and really try to be the most genuine person I can be and really focus on am I being genuine and not rationalizing things.
  And I'm certainly not perfect.
  But I did have an impetus to go after the enemy of my extreme hatred of them.
  And a lot of people have noticed I'm not as hateful as I was sometimes, or really vicious.
  Which people are like, whoa, this dude really comes off mean as hell.
  And people can tell it's real.
  It's real legitimate hatred.
  Grind my teeth hatred.
  Bug my eyes out hatred.
  And I just got closer to God in the last few years.
  And I just knew that I'm not going to be able to continue on.
  And I'm not going to be as effective powering this operation on hate.
  And again, 30% of it was powered on hate for the New World Order.
  And 70% for love of humanity.
  Now it's 100% love.
  I mean, I really do not hate Prince Charles or Bill Gates or any of these people.
  I just know what horrible, fallen, truly occupied, satanic husk they are.
  And that they're not even humans.
  And they really are interdimensionally turning themselves over to this satanic transmission.
  That's what it is.
  It's energy.
  The science even shows that.
  And so I realized that staring into the abyss and opposing them from a position of hate was turning me in some ways into them.
  And it's good to be able to become your enemy, at least in the military.
  In a war games, you can think ahead of them and how they're going to operate.
   But at the same time, this has really been me Going through some big changes that are much, much stronger than other kind of Paul on the Road to Damascus moments I've had two other times in my life.
  And instead of it being a boom, big event where I just get hit and get this big download, it's a constant download now.
   And so A lot of really important analysis, a lot of really important over-the-horizon information, that deep research and commitment, but also focusing more on God, focusing more on love, focusing more on the good in the world.
  That's how we're going to save the good, is by celebrating and pointing out what it is, and then just going, yeah, that's the disease, that's the evil, that's the Satanism, that's the enemy.
  And we have to oppose them very strongly and with total will, but it's more of a just continued strength.
  Just a wall of resistance, and my will has become much, much stronger.
  Because I, in the past, believed in God, loved God, and would use some of God's energy, but I was deeply, I guess, prideful.
  And I believed, and I have a very strong will, that I could set my will against the enemy and break them.
  And set your will against the enemy and break them.
   No, God has to put it in our heart, and then God's will flows through us, and that is the quiet place, the most high, That I've been praying a lot, trying to get in the place that King David talked about, because I've been in that place since I was a child many times.
  And it was like an aura, and the enemy when I was growing up knew it, and that's why I had so many attacks and so many things that happened.
  But I look back on it and I was like, that's like a science fiction movie.
  It was like Agent Smith's, you know, the system was jumping into these people and coming up against me.
  And then in those cases, it wasn't me that was winning those fights and doing those things.
  It was God protecting me.
  And so that's where I am now, is trying to empty out the sin, trying to become purified, trying to become sanctified, and more and more just getting into that quiet place of the Most High.
  We're in God's presence, and there's total confidence and completion and understanding, but then it's so hard to articulate something so good.
  And something so holy and then you get in that presence and you don't even care about the world anymore.
  It's just you're like sad for the evil people.
  You're just like, oh my God.
  Oh my, that's how it all works.
  It's like, and we are back on this live Monday broadcast.
  Owen is going to be coming in and out with breaking stories and analysis and his commentary with me here.
  I'll be hosting for the rest of this hour into the next hour.
  Then I'm going to be back at the kickoff of the broadcast tomorrow morning.
  Then I'll be back in Austin on Friday.
  We'll be doing a Saturday show and a Sunday show then, of course, as well.
  Thank you again for tuning in to the Alex Jones Show.
  And remember, the enemies of freedom literally hate this broadcast more than anything else in the world.
  Why is that?
  Because we know what we're talking about.
  If you go back to shows I did 25 years ago, or 10 years ago, and you watch them, you go, my gosh, it all came true.
  Now, nobody else has that record.
  Nobody else has that information.
  Nobody else has that much full spectrum analysis of the New World Order.
  And it's because I have totally immersed myself with all the other top experts, and in the field, and studying history, and focusing for discernment, and praying at least 10 times a day sometimes, usually three or four times, for discernment.
  I don't ask God for things.
  I say, God, show me what you want.
  Lead me, guide me, direct me.
  Please control the evil nature and my fallen self.
  And I know that's why God lifted me up for this, because I had a real capacity to be a general of Satan.
  But I did not go down the path.
  I never went down the path.
  I certainly skated around the edge of the path and have channeled, when I was younger, satanic Luciferian inspiration.
  I never worshipped it, I never was taken over by it, but I have definitely been experienced it and been tempted by it.
  That is not what the average Satanist ever has access to.
  It's a totally different, like a transmission they pick up.
  But in the satanic seduction, it's next level.
  And you can tell the people that have that satanic inspiration, the Luciferian inspiration, you see who's operating, it's a very small percentage of Satan's army.
  Most of them are just hateful, vicious, backstabbing worms that are manipulated and controlled by their master.
  But I understand all of this has been part of God's process.
  So I'm done talking about myself.
  I just want listeners and viewers to understand something.
  I want you to know where we're coming from and what I stand for and what our team stands for.
  And you're part of that team.
  And it's a pro-human future.
  It's justice and it's honor and it's freedom.
   And it is Standing up for our innocent children, number one, first and foremost, except for the little ones under me.
  So, I want to talk about a concept here and play a clip that illustrates all of this.
  And it's a big New York Times top analyst with Fareed Zarkaria, the Bilderberg Group member, last night on their Sunday special on the CIA network, CNN, the globalist network.
  And we're going to play the clip in a moment.
  And she says, no one would have thought this.
  It's incredible.
  But we've done polling and we've done research.
  And the 200 plus thousand dead Russian troops, that's what NATO estimates.
  I would say at least 100,000 from our information, but it's probably 200,000.
  A reporter says it's 250,000 dead Ukrainians.
  But she says, we found, and no one can believe it, but we found that it's making Putin stronger and making the Russians want more war.
  Whereas at first, most of them didn't want war, now most of them do want war.
  And it's stealing their resolve.
  Well, anybody knows that.
  And again, I don't say that to everybody.
  Everybody knows that.
  I'm smart.
  Don't you know that?
  They know that too.
  They're just now letting you know, okay, it's going to be a long war, it's going to be hard, and the Russians are going to get stronger, not weaker, the more of them we kill.
  That's something that happens with most groups of people, but particularly people like the Russians, okay, or the Germans.
  I mean, it's just very pig-headed groups and, you know, tough.
  And once they start getting in a war, it doesn't go away until most people are dead.
  Okay, so if you think the Russians care about 200,000 dead when they lost 22 million in World War II, that's about a third of their population.
  Again, you've heard me say this a hundred times since this started brewing the last eight, nine years.
  The Civil War, Slavic Civil War, but the West is stirring up.
  But it's the same thing that globalists do when they release a virus and then bring a poison shot in.
  They are using the virus as an outside threat to get Americans and everybody else in line with their tyranny.
  Of course, that's a no-brainer.
  Everybody knows that, too.
  Well, they knew that about Russia.
  They knew that if there is a real outside threat and the Russians start getting their ass kicked in a full fight with NATO, which this is, that the Russians are going to double down and double down and double down and double down and double down and double down.
  And it's going to continue to destroy Western economies.
  It's going to hurt the Russian economy.
  But it's going to make Vladimir Putin stronger.
  And Vladimir Putin, make no mistake, unless he gets assassinated or unless he has thyroid cancer, which you can't believe anything the media says.
  He doesn't look like he's very sick for 70 years old.
  But regardless, ladies and gentlemen, if Putin goes, everybody behind him and the hardliners that make him look like a cream puff are going to get even more warlike.
  So getting rid of Vladimir Putin could be probably the worst thing NATO and the globalists could do, unless they want to go to full nuclear war.
  And there's a lot of analysis, a lot of history, a lot of study goes into that.
  And we see the leaders of the West saying, let's kill Putin, which is the absolute worst thing to do.
  It's like killing Joe Biden.
  People say, oh, somebody ought to assassinate Joe Biden.
  No, no, no, no, no.
  He's hated.
  He's horrible.
  He's a puppet.
  Only way they can grab victory from the jaws of defeat in the deep state is killing Joe Biden.
  And I think it's something they might do.
  They won't want Kamala Harris.
  They'll have a scandal to get rid of her as well.
  In fact, if you see a scandal come up with Kamala Harris here pretty soon, they're talking about removing her, you know they're getting ready to kill Biden.
  So we do not want Biden killed.
  We do not want a hair on his pedophile head harmed.
  And we do not want Vladimir Putin killed because they're much hardcore hardliners that make him, again, look like a choir boy ready to come into the situation.
  So let's go ahead.
  Do I have time to get this clip, guys, or have I gone too long here?
  Let's go ahead.
  Let's go ahead and go to the New York Times on CNN discussing.
  It's incredible.
  Killing all these Russians only makes them more angry.
  Here it is.
  President Biden has said a couple of times, I think, once the body bags start coming back, the Russian people will stop supporting this war or words to that effect.
  And what you found is that the body bags are coming back, but it is actually increasing the support for the war.
  Explain what's going on.
  Well, thank you very much, Farid, for having me.
  And I wish I didn't have to talk about this with you today, but it's true.
   In my reporting across Russia, what I've found when talking to people, mothers of those who have been lost or relatives, people are finding that their losses are actually making them support the war even more.
  They're starting to feel it even more.
  And of course, the Kremlin has refused to actually release the full statistical data of how many people have been killed, how many soldiers have died in this war.
  You know, they've only released them intermittently, and I believe the last full count was in September at 6,000.
  While Western intelligence estimates that there have been 200,000 killed and wounded in this war, Russians only.
  So, of course, many Russians, most Russians don't know the full extent of this, but my reporting and reporting by other colleagues who remain in Russia and who have spoken to the mothers and relatives of these dead soldiers find that this makes them support it even more because, you know, they feel a concrete sense of loss.
  They do believe the propaganda... Okay, so that's enough.
  Now, again, the globalists know all this.
  They understand this.
  That's why they're saying they're going to build all these factories in Poland and other areas for munitions and that the war could go two to five years.
  Two to five years.
  And then it just keep escalating.
  Now China is getting involved and now they're going to send U.S.
  troops.
  And now you see how this works.
  All right.
  Owen Shroyer's riding shotgun.
  Alex Jones here.
  Let me finish up this point on Russia, because this is an example of philosophy and how the world works.
   Something that anthropologists and sociologists and psychologists That the West uses to destabilize the planet, no full well, forwards and backwards.
  So now, first they lure us into an incremental war in the last nine years and a proxy war.
  Then about a year and a half ago, it goes into a hybrid war.
  And then now they're telling you, okay, this is a long-term full war.
   And China's openly lining up with Russia and Iran and All the ramifications and implications that come from that.
  And the clear threat escalation ladder that leads to nuclear war in almost every scenario.
  So again, we're driving over the cliff, we can turn the car, but right now we're going straight for the cliff.
  And down this road leads destruction.
  It's like telling somebody, you drink three bottles of whiskey a day, you're going to get liver failure.
  It might not be this year, it might not be in five years, but you're going to kill yourself.
  And then the person's dead in two years.
  Or somebody that's on heroin or cocaine.
  Hey, I don't know if you're going to have a heart attack today, snorting all that cocaine, but it's going to get you.
  And we're going over the edge of this cliff, and they know full well it would make Putin stronger.
  They knew full well it would put him more in charge.
  They knew full well, knowing the Russian psychology, especially after World War II, that they are now getting completely behind the war.
  The British lost millions of troops in World War I. That's why they were 95% in major polls against the start of World War II.
  And they knew that World War I had been started basically by the British and the Black Hand and the British OSS.
  So the Brits understood that, understood the Versailles Treaty had really screwed over the Germans and put them into a huge depression with people starving to death everywhere.
  So folks felt sorry for the Germans.
  And then Hitler came along and we started bombing England.
  Military targets, still the Brits didn't want to go to war.
  As soon as he started bombing civilian targets, as soon as that happened, it went to 98% or so for the war.
  Now, the British government and Winston Churchill knew that.
  We talk about Winston Churchill being a good guy in many ways.
  He was a great writer, great philosopher, really smart.
  I've read all three of his books, the three-part series, The History of the English-Speaking Peoples.
  I read about him all the way back to the Boer War that he was in.
  He's a very interesting fellow, but also very cold-blooded, folks.
  And you know, Winston Churchill, when the Germans were targeting only military targets at the start of World War II in England, about a year into it, that the British started flying big Lancaster bombers over Berlin and over other German cities.
  And specifically targeted civilian targets or apartment blocks.
  And there's famous cases, I think they said something like 200 something thousand people died in one night.
  The British would wait till there were really high winds, 50 mile an hour winds.
  It was really dry.
  They'd wait for the weather.
  And it was a quilling of atomic bombs.
  And they would then drop incendiary bombs on German cities.
  And Hitler took the bait.
  And then started bombing with incendiary bombs, the civilian targets as well, you know, the rest of history.
  So this is the psychology that goes on in these things.
  That's why Putin's not been trying to hit civilian targets.
  It's why he's been only trying to hit military targets, because he wants the Ukrainians to sue for peace and give Russia about a third of Ukraine, because he knows Ukraine's going to NATO, and he needs that river there.
  For the name of it, it travels down about a third of the way into Ukraine through the east and down over around Crimea.
  And Putin's made what he wants 100% clear.
  Stop overthrowing the government, stop attacking Russians, and Ukraine can sit there.
  If you keep doing it, I'm going to invade and take part of the country.
  And that's exactly what he did.
  And now the Russians are starting to threaten Poland.
  Poland's becoming a big NATO base and going along with it.
  The Poles are great people.
  They got screwed over by Hitler who attacked them for absolutely no reason and just blew their country up.
  They valiantly fought with their World War I army against a World War II army.
  But the Poles are all wound up, have ancestral problems with the Russians, and I get it.
  The Russians have picked on them a lot.
  And so they're all foaming at the mouth to go to war with Russia.
  I mean, this is just bad, bad, bad, folks.
  Very, very, very bad stuff.
  No bueno, as they say.
  You don't want this.
  Not a good deal.
  And so when you pull back from all of that, it's the same thing here.
  The globalists want us to have war over what color we are, war over our sexual preference, or war over what part of the country we live from.
  And while they divide us all, the globalists are attacking us all with 5G, with the chemical spraying that they now admit is going on that we told you about 20 plus years ago.
   And They are destroying our borders, and de-industrializing our country, and shipping the fentanyl, and doing all the horrible things that we know are happening, we know are going on.
   Americans need to understand that the globalists, the big corporations creating the cashless society, Chinese, Model of the social credit score isn't coming.
  It's here being implemented by corporations.
  Owen did a great job last hour, half the hour spent on that and he doesn't have to read about it online.
  He can go to an Austin soccer game with their new professional soccer team and he goes through the biometrics and all the scanning and the rest of it.
  He can try to go to Whole Foods now where they put in hand scanners to buy and sell.
  This is the system where they're going to outlaw all the other businesses that don't use this in the future to control where you go and what you do and to shut down the real economy.
  That's their admitted plan goal.
  It is a direct attack on you.
  Again, I keep harping on this because nobody else is.
  87,000 IRS agents to target people making $40,000 a year or less, to target hardworking people, blue collar people and below them of the working poor.
  To harass them over $600 cash they got paid for something they sold on eBay when they got to have the money to pay for medical bills.
  You don't target the poor people with taxes.
  In fact, when they first brought in the income tax in 1913, it was still evil and goes to the private Federal Reserve.
  Did you know that working class people paid zero income tax?
  It was the millionaires.
  Back then, that's like being a billionaire that paid the tax.
  If you really want to tax it, you do tax the rich, and that still messes up the economy as well.
  The point is, is this is a direct assault on you.
  And I know our audience knows this, but new listeners that are liberals or leftists that tend to hear what it's all about, you know taxing people making $40,000 a year is wrong.
  You know that shouldn't be happening.
  You know there shouldn't be basically any taxes on people making $40,000 a year with disinflation the way it is.
  You can't live on that.
  One person can live okay on that.
  But you can't have a single breadwinner without having any children.
  And again, that's the plan.
  I played the clips from the Globalist saying, we're gonna have so much inflation and we're gonna do all these things and have so many taxes, you can't afford to have children.
  Paul Ehrlich, I played it a month ago.
  He said, we're going to put stuff all over TV, making the family look bad.
  That was 1970.
  Turn on the TV, that's all you see.
  These are cold-blooded people that are going against our biology, that are going against common sense, that are going against everything that makes us successful and safe and prosperous and happy.
  They're bad, and you have to admit that there's a war against you.
  You've got to admit all the other stuff's a fake war.
  All the other stuff's a distraction.
  The cops maybe kill 25 black men a year in shootings.
  But they show them to you and you think there's an epidemic of it.
  It's not true!
  And a lot of blacks got mad at me about that.
  Well, now a lot of blacks aren't mad at me because I'm saying, look, blacks are killing in cold blood about 10,000 white people a year.
  Look it up.
  And some of it's really racially motivated.
  It's horrible.
  It's wrong.
  But why is it suddenly everywhere viral?
  Because they want us killing each other more, okay?
  But I mean, the cops, literally, it's like 20-something black people a year they kill.
  I mean, think about that.
  But again, Stalin said, one man dies, it's a tragedy, 10,000 die, it's a statistic.
  Oh, 200,000 dead Russians, who cares?
  Oh, 21 black men, 22 black men got killed wrongfully by cops or whatever.
  Oh my God, let's burn the country down.
  We'll show you.
  Meanwhile, thousands of black people get killed by black people here in Chicago.
  Doesn't even hit the news because again, they don't want to stop the real crime.
  They don't want to go after the real criminals.
  They want to keep it going.
  So you need their later police state once the globalists do fully take over the police and then nobody will have guns except them.
  So that's the plan.
  I want to bring Owen in here to talk about a lot of these issues and 15-minute cities and so much more.
  I want to talk about the chain reaction that's taken place that's so huge.
  Also, Zelensky threatening the American people.
  We've got so much to cover here today that's so important.
  Please stay with us.
  Tell everybody, you know, tune in.
  That's how we reach the people.
  That's how we override the censors.
  We'll be right back.
  All right.
  I really appreciate Owen Shroyer riding shotgun with me here.
  He's coming up three o'clock today.
  Does a great job.
  Wonderful person.
  So does the rest of the crew.
  Alex Jones again, back here live.
  But here's the point I was trying to make last segment.
  I'm going to make it and move on to other subjects.
  I want to talk to Owen about, and it's this.
  The deep state knows, the globalists know, that when they start killing a bunch of Russians, and the Russians walked into an ATO trap, that the Russians aren't going to give up.
  Okay?
  Just because you kill a bunch of Russians doesn't mean you've won, because they don't give up.
  And that's actually a well-known Russian trait, is they're pretty much sluggish at first and don't want to fight, and then once you start killing them, then the complete opposite happens.
  And so, Putin has to put Russia through a war to get it on a war footing.
  The U.S.
   has been in dozens of wars, All over the world since World War II and has the military that knows how to do the killing.
  You got a bunch of people that, you know, signed up for the military that they have working in offices and, you know, stacking ammunition.
  But, I mean, you've got a lot of people that are very, very smart and you've got a lot of AI weapons and advanced robotic platforms that we need to get into.
  So, Russia to scale itself up into that, Putin is sticking the Russians into a meat grinder.
  As I said, is Putin dumb marching into this trap?
  No, I think Putin's pretty smart.
  And he knows the Russians and he's now escalating into a war economy.
  He tried to not have a war economy.
  He tried to be the big exporter of fuel and the big exporter of organic food and try to get tourism going, but the West wouldn't let him.
  He really did do overtures.
  He cut military spending in the last decade.
  And I'm not here lionizing Vladimir Putin.
  I'm talking about the facts.
   But now, The West has successfully driven Russia against the West.
  When the smart move, according to patriots, the smart people in the government, like General Flynn, would have been to work with Russia and have corporate deals with Russia.
  And they have more oil, more gold, more minerals, more everything, more timber.
  Russia's three times the size of the U.S.
  It's got more resources than Africa.
  Russia is the richest country in the world.
  It is gigantic.
  90% of their population lives in the West, just in a little sliver, right by Europe.
  It's just this gigantic, people want to go to the moon or Mars to get resources or mine asteroids.
  And we're not even getting in there.
  We're not even doing that.
  We're not, we should be trying to democratize China and working with them as well.
  But the globalists don't want that.
  They want different authoritarian models.
  And so they've pushed Russia into going authoritarian.
  And now the West can become more authoritarian in the name of countering Russia and China.
  The best enemy's money can buy.
  And that's what the famous Senate historian, head historian at the Senate, they got more than 20 of them.
  It's a big office there.
  And the Senate historian, Anthony Sutton, was given access to the Senate records of all the behind-the-scenes secret meetings in the 50s and 60s and 70s.
  And in the 80s, he started writing America's Secret Establishment.
  He was the Senate historian.
  I started talking to Sutton about two years before he died.
   His brain was all there, but he had Several diseases and was in a nursing home.
  I almost got him on the show, but he wouldn't come on.
  But really honored that Charlotte Isserby, whose father was skull and bones, put me in contact with Sutton because he was a real giant.
  You know, we ask how we know all this information.
  It's people like Sutton that was advising Senator Frank Church.
  But I digress here.
  Here's what I want to get at.
  Okay?
  The New World Order is at war with all of us.
  They're at war against our biology.
  They're at war against our future.
  And a lot of their arguments on the surface look like they make sense.
  I'll be honest about that.
  If you go to Calcutta, that's, you know, 20 million people, and you see feces all over the ground and starving children, you say, man, somebody ought to hand some birth control out here.
  But there's an article up on Infowars.com that I'm springing on the crew.
  I sent it to them this morning, but I'm springing it on them, showing the graph of India that has had a 80% fertility reduction in just the last decade.
  Now, okay, Indians are great people.
  They love America.
  They're really smart.
  I love Indians.
  They've been so successful.
  There's a billion, 300 million of them, okay?
  That's the sign of biology.
  Success is a lot of it.
  Wow, this thing's working.
  There's a lot of them, but a lot of them are falling through the cracks.
   But we should have a discussion about what are they doing to the Indians that's sterilizing Well, they're putting stuff in the shots, in the food and everything else.
  We know that.
  Same things happen here in the United States, same thing in Europe.
  So you can say, well, there's too many Africans, there's too many Indians, there's too many Chinese.
  And you could argue that the Chinese can't sustain a billion and a half people in the land they've got and what they've got.
  And what do you do when you have too big a population?
  You expand, you have a war.
  So the globalists say, we've got to depopulate and stop war.
  Well, they're starting all the wars.
  And they're not doing this birth control thing in a very humanitarian way, are they?
  And they're targeting the highest IQ people for sterilization.
  The main sterilization operations are in China, India, and Europe and the United States.
   And I'm not saying people in the third world, Africa, Latin America aren't smart, but with the food they get, the education, nature nurture, Those populations are not where we're seeing the mainstream of liberty coming from.
  Yeah, you got elites in Africa that have as high IQs as anybody.
  You got elites in Latin America, smart as anybody or smarter.
  But they're still feudal states.
  They're still very, very corrupt systems.
  The globalists can work with that.
   But if you can dynamite the republic, if you can dynamite America, dynamite the idea of aspiring to a greater civilization and a great awakening and a renaissance and a great enlightenment, 2.0, you've won, and you can create your new globalist system.
  So if the globalists were honest and paid people to get sterilized or whatever, that would be one thing.
  But see, they want to make you poor, so then you'll have to accept the money to be sterilized.
  And they're targeting the smartest populations.
  My good friend Mike Judge does an illustration of this with real science at the start of his incredibly funny hit movie, Idiocracy.
   In fact, it's got cuss words in it, but you have Dew or McGreen or somebody, Grab the intro to Idiocracy for the end of the next hour.
  It's like three minutes long, and I think there's a few cuss words in there, so we can air that.
  It shows the statistics that the highest IQ people, the highest IQ blacks, the highest IQ Asians, the highest IQ whites, Hispanics, have the least children.
  So in this model we're in, and the globalists are pushing that, the more highly educated you are, the more you don't want to have kids, then the dumber we get.
  So this is not the way civilization, this is not the way even their own Darwinism is supposed to work, which I don't even buy into its totality, what they claim it is.
  It's more sophisticated.
  So what I'm getting at is the globalist plan is anti-human, period.
  They don't want to just get rid of poor people.
  They want to get rid of everybody.
  And of course, anybody that doesn't want to lift up poor and try to help them, at the end of the day, really doesn't like anybody.
  Okay?
   So that's what I'm getting at is what's being done to the Indians is being done to all of us right now.
  Sperm counts in Europe are down 92% from 1950.
  Sperm counts are down almost 90% in the United States from 1950.
  Now, why is there not a discussion of why we don't have sperm?
  Why most men are sterile?
  Why are we having a discussion?
  They know the GMO crops they produce, in studies, are reducing fertility.
  So they hit you with chemicals that reduce your fertility, GMO that reduces your fertility, 5G reduces your fertility, the injections reduce your fertility, and you can't ever say it's one of them that did it.
  Because one thing reduces it this much, and the next one reduces it this much.
  You know, each one reduces it 25, 15, 10 percent, depending on how much you get, who you are.
  And by the end of the day, you're swimming in a toxic stew of garbage.
  You know, people in the 1950s, on average in the U.S., their studies ate more caloric content and more calories than we do.
  But they weren't as docile.
  They were moving around.
  They were working.
  They were moving their bodies.
  They didn't work out as much as we do.
  But they were not sitting around.
  They were not couch potatoes.
  But they didn't have chemicals and hormones in the food.
  So we all know about this.
  But the point is, stop lying to yourself.
  And saying, oh, globalism, so many leftists know what's going on.
  They act like, oh, well, they're deploying it to make the world a utopia.
  They know best.
  No, you're targeted too.
  And so stop acting like this isn't happening and stop acting like it's not wrong and stop acting like it's not a giant evil power grab of very selfish people that want to have giant estates and jumbo jets and 10 kids and do whatever they want and then tell us we're obsolete and tell us we've got to get rid of the middle class and tell us we can't have a farm or ranch or tell us we can't have three kids.
  BS!
  And that's what I'm saying is signing on to the New World Order is a death cult.
  It's signing on to your own destruction.
  And you can delude yourself and decide you want to be part of it.
  But as for me, I want to reach out to people that have been asleep and get them to understand they're under attack.
  And that's what's happened with the poison shots and the crime and the fentanyl and the open borders and the 5G.
  People know they're sick.
  They know something's wrong.
  They know the globalists are out to get them.
  And as soon as the majority of people know that it's game over, a shot doesn't have to be fired.
  We just withdraw our political support, our corporate support, our monetary support from all the globalist systems, and they end overnight.
  That's why they're bringing in 15-minute cities.
  That's why they're coming after your cars.
  That's why they locked down the small shops and businesses, but not the box stores.
  It's a war of vertical integration to control the whole economy so they can run your life with a universal basic income because you don't have a job, and even if you work, it won't pay your bills.
  All right, Owen's been really nice sitting there.
  I love Owen to death.
  I'm going to host the next hour with the great Owen Schroer.
  We're going to get into this with Owen and a bunch of other clips and a bunch of other news when we come back.
  Infowars.com tomorrow's news today.
  I thank you all for your support.
  Please go to Infowars.com.
  That's what keeps us on air.
  Plus the great products you need.
  Stay with us.
  Now, we literally have hundreds of important news stories.
  We're going to hit some of them in this hour with myself and Owen Schroer here on the Alex Jones Show.
  But I wanted to just keep hammering and hammering and hammering.
  When the people figure out the globalists are setting up a planetary government to cut off your resources and want you dead, it's game over for them.
  Just like once the Russians didn't want a war in Ukraine, but once they started getting their ass kicked, now they want the war.
  You're getting your ass kicked.
  You're getting attacked.
  You can't get out of this.
  It's like you're sitting there and a mugger comes up and punches you in the face.
  You didn't want to get punched in the face, but you notice anybody who's ever been mugged or in a fight like that, all of a sudden you're not scared.
  You're, you know, you're fighting back.
  You're designed to do that, folks.
  And so stop being a jellyfish.
  I know most of you aren't.
  But Owen, you sat there patiently and I really appreciate you doing a great job in the first hour while I was talking about those issues.
  What's your takeaway from what I was just getting into and what some of the news we're going to be breaking when we come back?
  Well, I'm looking at the Russia angle today, Alex, and it has me extremely concerned what the deep state media complex is up to, and then what the liberal leftist media complex is up to as well.
  Because they kind of have different approaches.
  I mean, the deep state has an agenda, and then the liberal left has kind of become this mouthpiece of the state.
  So when you kind of analyze and look at the approach that each one has taken, it gives you an idea of what might be coming next.
   And so, when I see stories like this, Russia braces for civil war and breakups as rebels vote for revolution and other such headlines we get into.
  This tells me they're about to start launching operations in Russia.
  This tells me that Soros-type groups or money is about to be doing uprisings in Russia like they did in Ukraine in 2014 to try to destabilize that and go after Putin.
  What's sad is, nobody wants this war, Alex.
  I can go anywhere and it's just like, sure, you might see the leftists put up the Ukraine flag, virtue signaling at their house, on their social media page, you see the people on television telling you how necessary the war in Ukraine is, but you go out, you ask the average person, they're not interested in war, they don't care what goes on in Ukraine.
  Whether you're in Germany, whether you're in France, whether you're in the United States, they don't want anything to do with this.
  And that's why the globalists were so smart.
  That's why they were so smart to just start it as a civil war nine years ago and just suddenly ease us into it.
  And then now all of a sudden we're in a full bore war.
  Exactly.
   Well, and imagine now, like you're saying, I mean, the Russians are at the point where Since when is the U.S.
  deep state military industrial complex looked at as the good guy?
  I mean, since when has that been the case?
  I'm still at a loss watching Obama voting progressive liberal Democrats support this war in Ukraine, even though the whole reason they voted for Obama is because they were sick of the wars in the Middle East during the Bush years.
  By the way, that's a great point.
  Condoleezza Rice was praising Joe Biden, but saying he's not hardcore enough.
  He's not attacking Russia enough.
  And it's like, oh, the neocons, the people that ran the Iraq War based on totalized WMDs, the left just loves them now.
  It's so cute.
  And the left loves George W. Bush.
  They have, oh, they were so sad when his dad died.
  These are coddlers of the deep state, establishment pimps.
  Also, they get promoted more on social media.
  They are disgusting people on their high horses lecturing us how we're bad because we question mass shootings.
  It's the mass mental illness.
  It's Stockholm syndrome.
  And when it comes to this idea of 15 minute cities, I'm extremely against it for obvious reasons.
  But Alex, you know, I'd be more open minded.
  I want small government.
  I don't want government-run healthcare.
  I don't want government-run anything.
  But I mean, I'd at least be open-minded to have a rational conversation and say, hey, here's $150 billion.
  What do you want to do with it?
  Okay, well, we just gave $150 billion to Ukraine.
  They're still clamoring for more money.
  Zelensky is still begging and demanding more money.
  $150 billion, Alex.
   $150 billion, Alex, I could have built 150 Dallas Cowboys stadiums.
   So it's like, oh, you want to talk about health care, you want to talk about reparations for
   black people and all this other nonsense that we're all going to have to pay for, and you
  send $150 billion to Ukraine in 12 months?
  Shut up!
  Quit telling me about anything!
  I totally agree.
  In fact, since you mentioned that I have Zelensky berating Americans yesterday for not wanting to pay more money.
  And then I also have the Condoleezza Rice quote I mentioned.
  We'll play that because this is really, really an important point to understand that money put into a war gets lost.
  Money put into infrastructure empowers the people.
  So they're cutting off our infrastructure and they're shipping our money overseas into a meat grinder.
  Again, thank you for joining us on this live Monday broadcast.
  We're into the third hour.
  I'm Alex Jones, your host, Writing Shotgun with Owen Schroer, and we're talking about World War III and how we were basically eased into this nightmare, sleptwalk into it, overthrow the government nine years ago, tens of billions Western money to destabilize the country, U.S.
  special ops and NATO ops fighting Russians, and Russia started losing about a year and a half ago.
   Just the few areas they had in the east, so the Russians poured in, They went into the full meat grinder of NATO, but they're showing they're just going to keep putting more in so they will win in the end, which means NATO will then give nukes or other illegal weapons.
  Illegal, you violate treaties that they'll probably use against the Russians.
  The Russians have left the treaty saying they'll use them.
  This is a nightmare escalation.
  I want to play a couple of Zelensky clips here, but first I want to get to Condoleezza Rice.
  So this is one of the main architects.
  of the second Iraq war.
  The first Iraq war was a fraud.
  Saddam Hussein was a CIA asset, told to invade Kuwait.
  The ambassador at the time, she admitted it on 60 Minutes.
  He fought the Iranians for seven years for us.
  Then they pulled in his loans, $34 billion.
  It was like $100 billion today, and tried to depose him, tried to assassinate him.
  So he said, screw the West.
  His whole army was trained by the CIA, so it was easy when we rolled in in 91.
  To basically defeat them in just a couple days.
  Then they put massive sanctions on them.
  And under the Clintons, they triple the sanctions that George Herbert Walker Bush did.
  And that kills about 3 million Iraqis, half a million of them, under the age of 10 children.
  Imagine no penicillin, no nothing when your child's sick.
  I mean, they died en masse.
  And they said, that's a good price to pay.
  We're glad to kill 500,000 kids.
  We're the good guys.
  We're the liberals.
  Well, that continued under George W. Bush.
  And all the rest of it with the fake anthrax in Colin Powell's hand and all the rest of it.
  And so here's Condoleezza Rice now being worshipped by liberals on one of the big Sunday shows, saying, well, Biden's pretty good, actually.
  He's just not doing enough war-wise.
  Here it is.
  What do you make of the Biden administration's policy, the choices it's making, and how they're using the CIA director as kind of the tip of the spear here?
  Well, I think in general, in total, the policy's in the right direction.
  You have to support Ukraine.
  You have to do it as much as you can as a part of a coalition.
  It's really important that the Europeans are on board.
   And I've been impressed with what they've been able to achieve with the Europeans in
  creating that unity.
  And since NATO's never been in better shape.
   I do think, and look, it's a lot easier out here than it is in there.
   But I do think we sometimes seem to be a little bit behind in what we provide to the Ukrainians.
  So we were not going to provide air defenses than we did.
  Tanks and armor, and now we have.
   And so if I could say one thing, perhaps just to anticipate a little bit better what the
  Ukrainians are going to need.
   OK, so you understand, folks, that I'm all for women being in positions of power, the
  type of women that want to do that.
  Most women don't.
  But epigenetically, we all see a woman in a nice little business suit up there talking about war and World War III like she's talking about taking the kids to school.
  Or she's talking about, you know, being a doctor.
  She's talking about being a nurse.
  It's just kind of, well, we took cookies by to the neighbor's house.
  Oh, they're not giving them weapons quick enough.
  They're not escalating fast enough.
  They're not easing us into World War III quick enough.
  They're not putting us in the deep fryer fast enough.
  Now, here's Zelensky over the weekend asking about Americans that are concerned about it.
  It's more like $200 billion now.
  It's not $116 billion like Trump said last week or $119 billion.
  That's like a four-months-old number.
  It's almost $200 billion that we know of from the U.S.
  alone, tens of billions from Europe and others.
  I mean, this is just an absolutely out-of-control, escalating bloodbath.
  Here's Zelensky, he says, I want to thank the American people, but he says, you'll lose your standing.
  What, are the warmongers of the world?
  It's being run by a deep state that says the American people are the main terror threat?
  What, are pedophile promoters of the world?
  We'll lose our standing in the world if we don't escalate the war.
   This is a guy, three months ago, let's not forget this, that shot missiles into Poland, and instantly blamed Russia, and even when they was on the missile parts, because one of the missiles didn't fully explode, they had the tail fin that it was Ukraine.
  They have the motive, they got caught doing it, they did it on purpose, folks.
  He said, use nukes!
  Sean Penn, oh my god, a libtard, can't even wipe his ass, he wants us to use nukes!
  Yes, sir, Mr. Liberal.
  See, you don't expect a liberal to call for war.
  You don't expect a woman to call for World War III.
  So it's all like, well, actors and, you know, men in drag are the generals and, you know, I'm in a Twilight Zone episode.
  This is clown world, folks, to distract you.
  It's not men in dresses running this.
  This is all just to demoralize us.
  Because the globalists aren't just attacking Russia.
  They're attacking America.
  And I'm going to air the report again.
   I don't normally air a report Rarely, maybe once every two weeks and twice the same day.
  But Gregory said a part two that I asked him to do with the major insurance actuaries and numbers coming out, confirming that they sent the deadly doses of the COVID shot in certain lots, 5% of them, to key areas where all the deaths happened in the most red areas of the country.
   Yeah, man, literally the deep state Democrats are bombing the American people And bombing police and firefighters and medical workers in red states who were made to take it and military people.
  Yeah, they hit our military with the hot loads too.
  They're the enemy.
  They're the globals.
  They're using us to destroy their enemy while they destroy us.
  Remember the intro to From Russia With Love.
  In fact, find that clip too.
  We got the idiocracy as well with the Siamese fighting fish.
  And there's two fish.
   The head of Spectre opens the Enclosure, and the two fish start killing each other.
  One fish kills the other, but he's almost dead.
  And then Spectre comes in out of the third door and kills the fish that's weak.
  You've got to start thinking.
  And by the way, the guy that wrote those books, Ian Fleming, was the deputy head of OSS and an MI6.
  Guess what?
  They're not just rewriting the guy that wrote Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
  They're now rewriting all of Ian Fleming's books.
  Stealing his identity.
  Lying to the public saying it's Ian Fleming.
  This is total police state.
  1984 on steroids.
  They're like, it's no big deal, it's liberal.
  And now it's going to move to the digital age.
  It's so corrupt.
  So here's Olenski.
  Polls in the United States are suggesting that a growing number of Americans believe that the US is giving too much support to Ukraine.
  What would your message be on the anniversary to those Americans?
  Thank you.
  I would like to thank the American people.
  I would like to thank all of the American people that are supporting Ukraine.
  The Congress, the President, the TV channels, the journalists, and everyone that has been supporting us.
  And that percentage of Americans, as you've mentioned, is increasing.
  I can tell them only one thing.
   If they do not change their opinion, If they do not understand us, if they do not support Ukraine, they will lose NATO, they will lose the clout of the United States, they will lose the leadership position that they are enjoying in the world, that they are enjoying for a very fair reason, and they will lose the support of the country with 40 millions of population, with millions of children,
  Are American children any different than ours?
  Don't Americans enjoy the same things as we do?
  I don't think we're that different.
  Well, Zelensky's a liar.
  The fact the numbers were 75% against the war a year ago, now it's more like 85 in most of the polls.
  81's the average now.
  Owen, I've got a really important Zelensky clip we're going to play next time.
  If people want to stay with us for this one, this is a real clip that Joe Rogan sent to me last night.
  I checked it out, it's real.
  But Owen, stay there.
  We're going to come back with Owen and get his take on this, and then show Zelensky and his body double.
  That's right.
  That's a tool of war.
  We'll explain all that straight ahead.
  I didn't plug last hour.
  I'm going to plug this hour.
  To your support, keep us on air.
  We've got great products you need at InfoWarsTore.com.
  I want to thank you all for standing up for the Deep State.
  Keep us on air.
  Go to InfoWarsTore.com right now and keep us in the fight against those attacking you and your family.
  Stay with us.
  Welcome back.
  Alex Jones Show.
  Owen Shroyer riding shotgun with me.
  He's in the ATX studios.
  I'm on the road back Friday, but I'll be hosting the show throughout the week with Owen.
  I wanted to finish up on World War III that we're already in the beginning stages of, and quickly in the mid-stages of, you know, the final stages in a nuclear war, with a clip from Biden's visit last week that was put out over international television.
   And Joe sent me to this, and I went and looked it up, and it's a real clip, and it is Zelensky Marching up the stairs, about to do a public event with Biden, and behind him is a guy dressed basically in the same little outfit he wears, and it looks just like Zelensky.
  People say, is that a body double?
  Absolutely.
  This has been done a lot.
   A lot of presidents had body doubles, a lot of Other foreign leaders have them when they think there's an assassination attempt or a threat.
  They'll have one limo go one way with the body double, and then when that drives out, everybody follows it.
  The other one goes another way, sometimes even in a van or a pickup truck or something else where no one even knows the president is there.
  But the reason I show this is the public's so shocked by this, like, what's a body double?
  They don't even know that's part of statecraft going back thousands of years.
  Different leaders use body doubles to distract and divert.
  Sometimes they'd have a body double back before there was TV and, you know, print.
  People really had good images of folks.
  They would send fake leaders, fake Caesars or Emperors or other groups to give a speech.
  So, again, it's a way to understand how manipulated things are.
   And with Zelensky, it's beyond that because Zelensky is an actor. And it's not just he's an actor, he was put in
   there, like Reagan was an actor, but he got into politics, was a governor. And then, no, no,
   Zelensky's put in there purely as an actor. And because he's compromised for doing
   gay porn and the rest of it, they can control him. But we're rolling the B-roll right
   now of this. But let's go ahead and roll the first clip. And we've augmented it and slowed
   it down with audio so folks can see this for themselves. >>
   >> Okay, so that was at full speed, this is at half speed, and
  we slowed down even more.
  And you can sit there and see that for yourself.
  Oh, and this just shows that this is a stage, like Shakespeare said, the whole world's a stage, each of us players upon it.
  Your take on Zelensky demanding Americans give more money or we'll, quote, lose our power.
  I don't want to be the empire.
  I don't want to run the world.
  I don't want to pay for it.
  I don't want World War Three.
  And now Janet Yellen made a surprise visit, gave 1.3 whatever billion dollars to Zelensky today.
  I mean, they all look like they're so happy because this is the new Oscars.
  People don't watch the Oscars.
  They don't like Hollywood anymore.
  They admit Hollywood's dead.
  Well, the new Hollywood is politicians going to a war zone and strutting around.
  Owen Schroer.
   Well, you know, I got so much to respond here from what you've covered this hour and the hour before, Alex, but I will just say this, and, you know, InfoWars has hit the barbed wire on a lot of issues first, and so we kind of know what it's like to hit it and bleed out, so others can be warned and not to hit it and not bleed out or, you know, get over it successfully.
  And I will just say...
  Well, that video is real, I'm not denying that.
  Folks, just need to be careful, because there's a lot of other videos getting shared around that is not real.
  Like training military videos in Serbia that looks like they're staging war.
  And I agree, the war is totally staged, but when you share fake stuff that's not actually from Ukraine, you're hurting your argument.
  There's an AI video of Joe Biden declaring that there's going to be a draft starting.
  That is also fake.
   So I'm just saying, from people who have We've hit the barbed wire with this stuff.
  We've had people try to destroy us for getting things wrong.
  So that's just more of, hey, take the lessons we've learned here and be really diligent about what you're sharing.
  Even if it may confirm what you think you're seeing, it might not be what you think you're seeing.
  And there the crew has it already.
  That's just how great our crew is.
  But, you know, Alex, as far as the Zelensky statement is concerned, and I got so many other comments here.
  Listen, it's fair.
  It looked real to me.
  The point is they do use body doubles.
  Did the crew find an article saying that wasn't a body double?
  No, no, no.
  That's real.
  I'm not saying that's fake.
  I'm just saying there's other stuff I see people sharing that isn't real.
  The body double video is real.
  I totally agree.
  And I've also, you know, early on, Paul Joseph Watson, great guy, sent me a text message that when they got part of my phone, the text messages were public, was Paul saying, oh, this is more Sandy Hook BS.
  You guys are reporting they have mannequins hooked up to ventilators and that nobody's on ventilators.
  We weren't saying that.
  CBS News did use canned footage of mannequins in ventilator training to say, here are people on ventilators.
  It was fake footage.
  It was true.
  It was fake.
  We actually weren't wrong.
  So sometimes we're so overzealous, too, that here's the difference.
  We're trying to tell the truth.
  We get things right 95% of the time.
  The globalists are trying to lie on purpose, but point taken.
  Well, and here's the thing about Zelensky that is so odd to me.
  When I hear Zelensky say that, that is like, I want nothing to do with you anymore, jerk!
  You sound like an ungrateful punk!
  How about we cut our funding altogether?
  How about we cut arming you altogether?
  You still gonna have that big mouth?
  You still gonna sit there and tell America that our destiny is somehow in a bond with Ukraine's?
  How about no?
  That's absurd.
  That's ludicrous.
  I mean, that'd be like if somebody on Tucker Carlson's crew said, you better do this for me, Tucker, or I'm going to leave and your show will be destroyed.
  And it's like, uh, no, Tucker Carlson's show will be just fine.
  You'll disappear and nobody will know anything about you.
  So I'm not rooting for the fall of Ukraine.
  I don't want anything to do with it.
  I'm not rooting for Ukraine to fall.
  I'm not rooting for death there.
  They're trying to marry us to Ukraine and all that comes with it.
  And if Mexico was in this war with Guatemala and the Mexican president said the U.S.
  better join this, we'd say you're crazy.
  So I'm extremely put off by what Zelensky just said.
  I don't know how any other American could take it any other way.
   I don't, again, I could sit here and watch Ukraine collapse, and I could sit here and watch Russia take over Ukraine, and I mean, the river you were thinking of, Alex, is the Dnipro River, which is where Russia's going to move up to, probably give one last chance for Ukraine to resign or step down before they Maybe even move to the west side of that river and take him out.
  But now it's like, oh really punk?
  Oh really punk?
  You're gonna tell me that if I don't support you I'm gonna die?
  I'm gonna go ahead and test that theory.
  I'm gonna go ahead and test that theory then and let's see how this goes.
  And it's not gonna go so well for you.
  And by the way, this video they have on the screen is now Serbian ammunition and weapons that are about to be sent to Ukraine as well.
  So, more arms, more cash going in, and Zelensky says, if you don't support me, you're gonna die.
  You know what?
  I'm gonna be willing to test that theory, and I don't think that's going to be the case.
  But I would ask you this, Alex, as we talk about the body double, just quickly here, what is with the sweatshirt?
  Why is, I mean, clearly there's some reason he's doing that.
  He's being told to wear the sweatshirt everywhere.
  Why can't, what is, what is that about?
  He does that, he's like Fidel Castro, he's wearing a military uniform 30 years after, 50 years after he took over Cuba.
  It's a dictator thing.
  It's like, I'm a war leader, I'm a combat soldier, even though the Russians, you know, for six, seven months haven't even targeted Kiev.
  They only turned on the air raid sirens when Biden was there to make it look dangerous.
  And so it's the same thing.
  He's strutting around in a military outfit so everybody can just fawn over him.
  But in reality, he wears leather outfits and high heels and grabs men's butts on national TV.
  And the report is, does a lot more than that.
  And again, it's not a bad thing.
  I'm not judging him that he's a gay porn star.
  The point is, is that he's compromised.
  And, you know, the word is that he was basically a homosexual sex operative, like McCrone.
  So these are the guys they have compromised, people they control.
  We'll be right back with that idiocracy clip I promised to play and more.
  InfoWars.com, stay with us.
  So there are three major power blocks in the world.
  There's the Anglo-American establishment, the Chi-Cons, and the Russians.
   And the power goes The Anglo-American establishment, the New World Order, CHICOM system that's allied with that, but that's breaking up.
  And then the Russians, because they have nuclear weapons, are a distant third when it comes to real power.
  But who wants the power?
  The power is a millstone around your neck.
  And so they need dumbed-down people that they can control, dumbed-down people that don't know what's going on.
  But if people, again, are aware of the globalists, their plan, that it's bad for everybody, it's game over.
  And I keep harping on that.
  Because you're seeing, and I covered it last night with Owen when we co-hosted the Sunday show, that there's too many people to mention here.
  I mean, you have the major South American leader in El Salvador, who's only been in a year, who is going out and arresting all the violent MS-13 gang members who are convicted already and are members of the gang.
  They're getting them, and their crime rate's gone down like 95%.
  And they're stabilizing the nation.
  And he's been praising InfoWars.
  And he's been promoting InfoWars.
  And he's been retweeting it.
  And you've got Woody Harrelson coming out and saying the vaccine, you know, Cartel took over and we're slaves to it.
  It's a fraud.
  On Saturday Night Live, you know he wasn't authorized to do that.
  It's that spirit of resistance that we're seeing everywhere.
  That is going to make more people come over to our side very quickly, which is happening, which is the chain reaction.
  So we're in the process of winning.
  It's going our way massively, massively right now.
  But I want to play a clip from Russia with love first.
   Second James Bond movie based on Ian Fleming, OSS MI6 book about how there's this tiny criminal group that has Russians working for it and People in the UK and the US working for it inside the agencies that are manipulating Russia and America into a war for profit and control.
  Well, that's a microcosm of what really goes on.
  And what did Ian Fleming tell you in his books?
  Spectre wants to depopulate.
  Spectre wants to use a bioweapon or a nuclear war to depopulate.
  He's telling you about the Bilderberg Group.
  He's telling you about real organizations.
  In fact, three James Bond movies ago, like, I don't know, six, seven, eight years ago, that's the last one I watched.
  I guess I watched one about bioweapons too, but the latest one.
  The company that Spectre owns is the name of George Soros' company, and they admitted later that MI6 helped write the script and that it's George Soros.
  So they love telling you what they're doing.
  And again, there's two fish.
  They release in a tank to kill each other.
  One dies, the other's almost dead.
  Spectre comes in and takes over.
  That's the model.
  I know most of the listeners get it.
  But for new listeners that don't understand, that's the first level of understanding this is levels of progression.
  Not what happens when you clash two groups, but what comes out of that synthesis.
  Here's a quote.
  Siamese fighting fish.
  Fascinating creatures.
  Brave, but on the whole stupid.
  Yes, they're stupid.
  Except for the occasional one such as we have here, who lets the other two fight.
  And he waits.
   Waits until the survivor is so exhausted that he cannot defend himself.
  Goof.
  And then, like Spectre, he strikes.
  I find the parallel amusing.
  Our organization did not arrange for you to come over from the Russians just for amusement, number three.
  Come in, Kronstein.
  Sit down, Number 3, while we listen to what Number 5 has devised for us.
  I hope Cranston's efforts as Director of Planning will continue to be as successful as his chess.
  They will be.
  According to your instructions, I've planned for Spectre to steal from the Russians their new lector decoding machine.
  For this, we need the services of a female member of the Russian Cryptograph Section in Turkey, and, uh, the help of the British Secret Service.
  That's good.
  And so it's just how they are playing the Russians in America off against each other.
  This is how it really works, okay?
  Let's start thinking high level and it's over for the New World Order.
  It's simple.
  It's not even hard to do.
  Just get to their level, how they're manipulating things, stop looking at things two-dimensionally or one-dimensionally, and it's game over.
  But you got to know history, you got to care, you got to be engaged, you got to be involved.
  You don't need to know the football scores, the baseball scores.
  You need to know this information.
  That's what we cover.
   So I'm talking about The fact that there's been a chain reaction.
  It's everywhere.
  I can't go over all the examples.
  There's new ones every few hours of prominent people.
  Other people are hailing Satan, hailing pedophilia to say I'm with the New World Order.
  I'm against humanity.
  Others are saying I'm against the New World Order.
  And Woody Harrelson goes in there.
  They're now admitting this just like Dave Chappelle when he talked about censorship in Hollywood.
  And said what he wanted to.
  He'll be banned off Saturday Night Live now.
  He doesn't care.
  He went and told the truth.
  Here's part of the monologue exposing what really happened with COVID.
  Okay, so the movie goes like this.
  The biggest drug cartels in the world get together and buy up all the media and all the politicians and force all the people in the world to stay locked in their homes.
  And people can only come out if they take the cartels' drugs and keep taking them over and over.
  I threw the script away.
  I mean, who is going to believe that crazy idea?
  Yeah, who would believe that?
  But they had censorship, they had control, they thought they'd get away with it, but they didn't get away with it.
  So what I'm telling you is we've not won the war, but we do have the momentum.
  Now how are they going to shut that down?
   War, new viruses, cyber attacks, blowing up three Mexican oil refineries that supply up to 15% of the U.S.' 's oil any given day.
   I mean, It's on, folks.
  They're killing us with a thousand cuts.
  And again, hoping through the idiocracy that with the two plus two equals five math and the fuzzy learning and the banning of books and all this, we're so ignorant they can roll over us.
  Owen Schroeder, your take on that before I play this idiocracy clip.
   You know, Alex, I I'm glad that I grew up as an athlete because it taught me a life lesson that I think people don't really understand and there's a famous song by Eminem when you're in the moment but there's a
  Recognition of the moment and then there's the realization that this is the only moment.
  And so why did I stand up during the fake Trump impeachment hearing and call out the Democrats for being liars and committing treason and the whole thing was a sham?
  Because I knew this is the moment.
  I'm never going to be in this moment again.
  This is my one opportunity.
  I've got to take advantage or I'm going to lose.
  It's like in a basketball game.
  There's two seconds left on the clock.
  You have to shoot the ball or it's game over.
  You lose.
  You better shoot that ball.
   So, more Americans, I think, are realizing this now, Alex, and I think that's what I see from Woody Harrelson there, is he knows, I've got one moment, I'm hosting Saturday Night Live, millions of people are tuned into this right now, I've got the whole crew here, live audience, and of course, he's an acting legend, he's got a great charisma, personality, and so he can use that And kind of a soft delivery of the message, but then the message... And that's a perfect analogy, because people don't know.
  You weren't indicted for January 6th.
  You were indicted...
  For being at the Capitol, not in and on January 6th, for violating an order that you not be in the Capitol after they deferred their charges against you for protesting Trump's wrongful first impeachment.
  Exactly.
  I didn't tell you to go in there and disrupt it.
  You didn't disrupt it.
  It was a fraud.
  You heard it.
  You stood up.
  You manned up.
  You did a great job.
  You pointed out this is all fraud because it was the right thing to do.
  And exactly in that moment, you decided to take action.
  You didn't choke.
  You did the right thing as the man of the arena.
  That's why I love you, Owen.
  Well, and that's why I think what Woody Harrelson did was so important.
  He realized, you know what?
  I may never get another chance to host SNL.
  I may never get another opportunity for a platform like this to put out a truth that everybody knows is going on, but in a way that is consumable and palatable.
  So I'm going to go ahead and do it.
  And he did it.
  And of course, you know, nobody really watches Saturday Night Live anymore, Alex.
  But I'll tell you what, everybody saw that clip, didn't they?
  Well, I'm going to be very, very clear about this.
  I've known Willie Harrelson 16, 18 years, whatever, since like 2005.
  We're friends.
  We've hung out quite a bit.
  But my point is, is that he knew all this back then.
  Why is he doing it now?
  Because he knows we're two minutes to midnight.
  Hell, we're 90 seconds from midnight.
  We're 10 seconds.
  He knows this is do or die.
  You're damn right, Owen.
  We'll come right back with the Idiocracy Clip and more.
  InfoWars.com.
  Stay with us, viewers.
  Well, this is going to be a jam-packed final segment ahead of our next guest host is about to take over.
  And then Owen's going to be hosting the War Room 3 p.m.
  Central today at about an hour and 13 minutes from now.
  But I just wanted to say this because I didn't do it first hour.
  We didn't do it second hour.
  I need to do it now.
  We're listener supported.
  We got great products that empower you and make your life really a lot better.
  And a lot of you have bought the products.
  Many of you haven't.
  Most of you've never have gone to Importsware.com.
  It's your decision whether you want to keep us on air and have us fight even harder for you or go off air.
  And we're right there on the edge of the black.
  That definitely keeps us on our toes here.
   So I just want to encourage listeners To get off the bench, those of you that have it, and get great products you need.
  Like this finally came back in after being sold out for over a year.
  Prebiotic Fiber.
  It's the best formula.
  It's a super strong formula.
  Best formula we can find out there.
  It's such good things for your health, your whole body, your gut flora, your immune system, you name it.
  That's 40% off at InfoWarsTore.com.
  Ultimate Bone Broth, back in stock.
  Best CBD oil.
  Over 50% off what you'll find anywhere for your bones, your joints, your brain, your neurological systems.
  It's all at InfoWarsTore.com.
  And realize you're in a war and realize we're fighting for you.
  So, Zalemski says, you better fund me or America will lose its place as the empire of the world.
  Well, I'm just saying you're not better.
  I'm asking you to get great products at the same time.
  Keep us on air because we're really fighting for America and basic values and freedom here.
  So, I'm asking you humbly, please keep us on air.
  Please get great products in full or store.
  You see how much the enemy hates us?
  You see how they want to shut us down?
  I wanted to hit an article here, and when I host the show tomorrow, and I'm going to be hosting from the start of the show tomorrow, I'm going to really talk about this.
  Canada considers expanding its assisted suicide law to include minors even without parental consent.
  Now, they said about a year ago they were going to do that, and they are the test case in the hemisphere of North America.
  Or, you know, in this area of the United States and Canada.
  Just like China is the test case in Asia.
  Folks, they're now telling people, commit suicide.
  They're pushing it to commit suicide.
  They'll say, we'll give you money for a year to go on trips and have fun.
  The government's going to kill you in a year and it's happening.
   Now, the same left that doesn't want to kill convicted murderers that murder children in Canada, in the US, is saying, we're going to let kids that are seven, eight years old Get rid of parental consent and say they're depressed, and then the state's going to kill children without parental consent.
  I mean, this is beyond evil.
  This is beyond any social Rubicon.
  And it's Canada doing it.
  Canada has been taken over.
  Tucker Carlson was right a month ago when he said we need to liberate Canada militarily.
  He was saying liberate Ukraine.
  What about we liberate Canada?
  He wasn't saying seriously go in military.
  He was saying it should be culturally liberated.
  Canadians have to realize they have been taken over by a real tyranny.
  And they've rejected Trudeau.
  He only got 30% of the vote in the last election.
  But parliamentary system, a minority vote can still get into the power structure by buying off the other little factions and then overriding the majority and the common sense.
  Speaking of common sense, again, if we're smart, if we're informed, they can't win.
  If we're dumbed down, people can't understand what's happening.
  So here's a clip from the film, the great film with Mike Judge, Idiocracy, basically boiling us down, because the globals are trying to sterilize and trying to get people with higher IQs not to have kids.
  That's the companies they're targeting with the poison shots and more.
  Here it is.
  As the 21st century began, human evolution was at a turning point.
  Natural selection, the process by which the strongest, the smartest, the fastest reproduced in greater numbers than the rest, a process which had once favored the noblest traits of man, now began to favor different traits.
  Most science fiction of the day predicted a future that was more civilized and more intelligent.
  But as time went on, things seemed to be heading in the opposite direction.
  A dumbing down.
  How did this happen?
  Evolution does not necessarily reward intelligence.
  With no natural predators within the herd, it began to simply reward those who reproduce the most and left the intelligent to become an endangered species.
  Having kids is such an important decision.
  We're just waiting for the right time.
  It's not something you want to rush into, obviously.
  No way.
  Oh, shit!
  I'm pregnant again!
  Shit!
  I got too many damn kids!
  I thought you was on the pills or something!
  Hell no!
  Shit!
  I must have been thinking of Britney.
  Britney?!
  No, you didn't!
  There's no way we could have a child now.
  Not with the market the way it is now.
  That just wouldn't make any sense.
  Come on over here, bitch!
  He don't care about you!
  Yeah, well, there must be something he likes over here!
  You mean nothing to me, baby!
  No!
  It wasn't me! It wasn't me!
   Well, we finally decided to have children, and I'm not pointing fingers, but it's not going well.
   *sneeze* And this is helping.
  I'm just saying that before I have in vitro, maybe you should be willing to- That's always me, right?
  Well.
  Not my sperm count.
  I'm gonna fuck all of you!
  That's my boy!
  Cleavon is lucky to be alive.
  He attempted to jump a jet ski from a lake into a swimming pool and impaled his crotch on an iron gate.
  But thanks to recent advances in stem cell research and the fine work of Drs.
  Krinsky and Alt Shuler, Cleavon should regain full reproductive function.
  Your hand's on my jug!
  Unfortunately, Trevor passed away from a heart attack while masturbating to produce sperm for artificial insemination.
   But I have some eggs frozen, so just as soon as the right guy comes along, you know.
   And so it went for generations, although few if any seem to notice.
   But in the year 2005, in a military base just outside of Washington, D.C.,
   a simple army librarian was unknowingly about to change the entire course of human history.
  
   Well, I'm glad we played that clip, and I'm not an Austin, so it's not their fault, but.
  I want the intro part about people got dumber and dumber and dumber.
  It's most the clip I want.
  Maybe in post have Marcos added in so people can get the full body of what happened.
  Maybe it comes before or after.
  I forget the exact part of the clip, but here's the deal.
   The globalists are financing The poorest, dumbest people to live on welfare, whether they're black, white, it doesn't matter, and have a bunch of kids.
  While they target with their propaganda the smarter people not to have kids, it's because the globalists don't want a bunch of smart people to deal with, they want a bunch of dumbed-down people to deal with, who they can then exterminate for fun.
  So when you study their actual operations, it's total control, it's total power.
  They're not doing the eugenics to empower us and make us better.
  They're doing it to totally control us, and then now saying they're going to euthanize children without parental consent.
  Owen Schroer, this is just after-birth abortion.
  Well, why would they want people dumb, Alex?
  That's so they can get away with their lies or their false flags.
  And this is something that we're going to be monitoring very closely here because it's not a situation of if or when there will be a false flag in Ukraine to try to go to get the war to the next level.
  Alex, it's already happened.
   Right out of the gates, Zelensky was bombing Eastern Ukraine blaming Russia.
  Well now everybody knows that it was, no, Zelensky was bombing them.
  Now they just celebrate it like it's a good thing and they just say, oh no, it's good that Zelensky's killing Ukrainians in Eastern Ukraine.
  They first tried to blame that on Russia.
  That false flag failed.
  You mentioned the Poland missile earlier.
  Missile hits Poland, they all blame Russia.
  Nope, once again, it was Ukrainian.
  Then you have the Nord Stream 2 pipeline.
  They tried to blame that on Russia.
  It didn't take.
  And so we all know that was Biden.
  So...
  This is why they need people dumbed down.
  This is why they need InfoWars off the air, so that they can run these operations, run these false flags, and then you have no idea what's going on.
  The next thing you know, you're getting drafted into a war.
  You're getting told to take a vaccine.
  You're dead.
  And when you got Hillary Clinton on MSNBC this weekend, you played the kind of Lisa Rice interview too, but Hillary Clinton went on MSNBC and said, we have to remove Putin!
  He must be stopped!
  People of Russia, please remove Putin!
  And then mainstream news articles saying, Civil War Russia!
  They're gonna kill Putin!
  He's gonna die with a bullet in his back!
  They're mad because their propaganda is not working.
  They're mad because we're smarter than they are.
  And they're escalating, and that's what happens in a war.
  Both sides start escalating until it leads to total destruction.
  Well said, Owen.
  And you're on fire, as usual.
  What are you going to be covering coming up in about an hour on The War Room, 3 p.m.
  Central?
  We're going to continue to cover the latest propaganda that's trying to lead us into war.
  We've got, sadly, more bad news for the U.S.
   Economy and they can sit here and say greatest economy ever as much as they want Alex, but people are really feeling
   the pinch Unfortunately, and we've got new information now, which we
   already knew this was going on But with this story Valerie Jarrett reveals Obama had Trayvon
   Martin question planted with reporter at IHAT if I had a son press conference
   Now that might be a minor story all things considered But it's a keyhole vision into how they operate they plant
   their reporters at these things to ask Questions to get the response to set the narrative. So we've
   got them Alex. We the people are gonna win this thing It's gonna get nasty
   The what they did in East Palestine is being exposed We're talking about that election fraud and so much more
   news coming up on the war room Alex All right, who's doing the fourth hour?
  
  Is it Salente?
  Yes.
  The great Gerald Salente.
  Alright, everybody tune into that, share that.
  It's an info war, it's not a spectator sport.
  Everything's up to you.
  We love you, we appreciate you.
  Join the fight if you choose to.
  So they are ramping up the war propaganda.
  In this year, more specifically this month, with Biden and the air raid sirens, and then the war speech in Poland, Condoleezza Rice supporting the war over the weekend on news, and then Hillary Clinton making this outlandish, dangerous statement as well over the weekend on television.
  Ultimately, the people closest to Putin, those who have to deal with him, those who he's keeping at the end of 40-foot tables while he issues bizarre orders, they're the ones who need to act.
  They need to act for the good of Russia.
  They need to stop him.
  Whether or not this has turned into some kind of physical or mental problems that he either had or has in some way come down with, we don't know.
  But his behavior is dangerous and it's dangerous to the future of Russia.
   So my hope is that the people who are watching him, those who get Close enough to see in person his behavior, which is so erratic that they can try to prevent him from doing things that will not only be tragic for Ukraine, but tragic for Russia too.
  This should be stopped for Russia's sake.
  Oh, Hillary Clinton calling for regime change on MSNBC this weekend.
  Wow, go figure.
  Who saw that coming?
  Hillary Clinton wanting Putin removed.
  Because she cares about Russia so much.
  And she talks about Putin's mental state.
  This is the woman that had to wear seizure glasses during her 2016 presidential campaign.
  This is the woman who was collapsing, just falling over, collapsing.
  She had to be thrown like a, like a, a raw, side of raw liver into a black van at an event because she couldn't, she passed out.
  This is the party of Joe Biden, dementia ridden.
  This is the party of John Fetterman, who's still up in a hospital.
  His wife takes him to the hospital and then leaves the country.
  She really cares.
  Ah yes, telling you about Putin's instabilities and mental problems.
  These are whacked out psychos.
  Hillary Clinton is a whacked out psychotic woman.
  And for her to go on television and call for regime change and watching the American left liberals that are anti-war just eat it up, just eat that war propaganda slop right up, is really, really pathetic.
  And so I just, something big is building here.
  Here's some of the headlines that tell me this as well.
  Russia braces for civil war and breakup as rebels vote for revolution.
  And then you have Condoleezza Rice saying more needs to be done.
  You have Hillary Clinton saying there needs to be regime change.
  They're sending another $15 billion to Ukraine.
  They're getting ready for something big.
  Vladimir Putin will die in office or with bullets in his back, expert predicts.
  Russia's new offensive sends conscripts into the teeth of Ukraine's lines.
  U.S., Poland, and Germany may hold joint maneuvers.
  Yeah, Germany, not so excited.
  Poland, yeah, they're loving it.
  They are just, I don't know what Polands, they are just war mongers.
  For some reason, really wanting war with Russia.
  Germany, uh, not so much.
  Germany's, uh, they got their own problems.
  And, uh, Biden blew up the Nord Stream Pipeline giving them gas, so they're not too fond of us right now.
  China hasn't yet provided weapons to Russia in Ukraine, but doing so would be a real mistake, says Jake Sullivan.
  Oh, Jake Sullivan now threatening China as well.
  That, that little, that little nincompoop.
  That little pencil-necked freak.
  Part of the Biden clown show.
  An awkward tension lies beneath the West's support for Ukraine.
  Yeah, nobody supports it.
  You've got the warmongers like Biden and Hillary Clinton and Condoleezza Rice and George Bush and the Cheneys and everybody.
  They love it!
  The military-industrial complex, the weapons manufacturers and contractors.
  They're all for it, baby!
  But the people, we don't want it, but I guess we just don't get listened to.
  But the whole thing is a made-for-TV event to get you to buy into it.
  Inside Zelensky's war room as President opens door to underground bunker.
  Ah, yes.
  He's so busy.
  He's making country music with Brad Paisley and he's having behind-the-scenes tours because he's so busy.
  No, he's selling you a war.
  That's his job, is to sell you a war.
  Hey, great being on the Alex Jones Show.
  You know, I was listening to Owen, and man, you know, he was quoting Hillary Clinton and Hillary going on about Putin's behavior erratic, right?
   This is the Hillary Clinton that when she was asked, how did she feel that The Nobel Peace of Crap Prize winner, Barack Obama's Libyan war, that she, Samantha Power, and Susan Rice, if only women were in charge, pushed for, how she felt when they found out Gaddafi was butchered and killed.
  We came, we saw, he died.
  Hee!
  That's Hillary Clinton.
   That's the maniacal People that are running and ruining our lives.
  And the hypocrisy spewing out of that crap mouth of hers, every time her old man there, Bill Clinton, got caught with his pants down, bombs away over Baghdad.
  Oh yeah, you forgot that, Hillary?
  Yeah.
  Poof!
  Can't blame the cat for looking somewhere else, you know?
  What a bunch of murderous lying freaks.
  Look what's going on in front of our eyes.
  Oh, condemning Russia for a border war that's been going on for how long?
  A couple, about 300 years?
  Took down a statue of Catherine the Great because she created Odessa, blah, blah.
  It's from 1750?
  Catherine the Great?
  Yeah, that one.
  While the United States under Bill Clinton, you like the Yugoslav War?
  Yeah, Yugoslavia didn't want to go in with the rest of NATO after the Soviet Union broke down.
  It was still a socialist country and they were doing great, by the way, even during Soviet times.
  Some of the best diesel engines were coming out of Yugoslavia.
  They didn't want to join the club.
  What do you mean you won't join the club?
  We're going to overthrow you.
  You're that Bill Clinton.
  These are the murderers.
  Oh, imbalanced?
  How about little Georgie Bush?
  Yeah, with a pair of colonies smaller than a mortar ball, and talk about pencils.
  Yeah, he got one, man.
  We're gonna get that guy Osama bin Laden dead or alive.
  Not making that up.
  Only the 20-year Ukraine war, but those dirty Russians.
  What hypocrisy.
  Oh, we're talking about Hillary Clinton?
  Hillary, the gutless Clinton?
  Remember when she lost against Trump?
  She didn't come out to her fans that way.
  I think they were at the Javits Center in New York.
  Coward!
  Coward Clinton!
  I better be careful, man.
  Maybe Bill will get my brains blown out.
  Oh, you're like the other cats that you work for him?
  Like the guy they just found over there?
  Hanging, you know, with a bullet through his chest and no gun?
  These are the people that are running and ruining our lives.
  Peace is forbidden.
  And Owen was reading some of the things, the propaganda that they're selling.
  Again, remember when the Ukraine war started.
  Oh, Putin's going out of his mind.
  They say he's crazy.
  It hasn't stopped and the crap is spewing out of Hitler's mouth too.
  You ready?
  This is from the Express.
  Russia braces for civil war chaos as Kremlin opposition votes for Revolutionary Act.
  Putin will eventually be killed by Inner Circle.
  Who said this?
  Oh, Zelensky.
  Oh, you mean the guy who played the president of Ukraine in a sitcom and played the piano with his penis?
  That's Zelensky?
  Yeah, you think this guy was put in there by the deep state.
  Yeah, but you play a role on TV to love you, then you make your president.
  This is from DW.
  This is the German news agency.
  Zelensky says Ukraine will win.
  Want to bet?
  How much you want to bet?
  Place your bets.
  This is from the Telegraph.
   By the way, Yahoo News now is nothing more than telegraph, telegraph, telegraph, telegraph.
  It's not news, it's a lot of BS.
  And what happened to Judge Report, man?
  I used to go to that place and pick up some good stuff.
  Now it's the same stupid story four or five days in a row.
  Dumb, dumb nothing.
  Nothing.
  This is from The Telegraph.
  Ukraine could bring down Putin's crumbling regime.
  A year into the war, Ukraine war, many wise comments can be made and many lessons identified to be learned, all with the benefit of hindsight.
  The reality of today, however, is that war hangs in a balance.
   Vladimir Putin's attempt to Eradicate Ukraine as a sovereign country has failed.
  He never said he wanted to eradicate Ukraine as a sovereign country.
  All you little lying low-lives!
  He wanted to stop the murder of Ukraine, of the people in Donbass that they killed over 14,000 of, but you little prostitute!
  You media whores that get paid to put out by your corporate pimps, you don't report that.
  No, no, no!
  Because you're little nothings!
  You're little Rachel Maddows!
  The little madwomen who had the nerve to call me and others that went to Washington D.C.
  for a peace rally weird and pro-Russian.
  That's to you, babycakes!
  One after another.
  Paranoid Putin only travels by special armored trains as he fears assassination.
  Yeah, while Biden tiptoes down the street on his bicycle with no security around him.
  That's in the Daily Star.
  Why Ukrainians should end war by political or physical assassination of Putin?
  Who said this?
  A political scientist.
  And who reported it?
  The Voice of Ukraine.
  And where did they report it?
  On Yahoo.
  How about screw Yahoo?
  What a bunch of crap!
  You little gutless boys and girls!
  You little nothings of nobodies who keep publishing this crap!
   Anybody that wants to go support Zelensky and go play the piano next to him, With their penis, go over to Ukraine!
  That's right!
  Everybody that wants to support Ukraine, you go over there, send your wife, send your kids, send your gender special wokes, send all your dough and go!
  Or shut your mouth!
  Shut your fat, flabby mouths of promoting war if you don't want to go there and fight!
  If you don't want to go there and give your money, because I don't want my money going there.
  I work hard every day, day in, day out.
  Don't want the Fed, banks, the gangsters stealing my dough to give to the military-industrial complex to go slaughter people around the world.
  But you, you're not a true American!
  You suck the crap from NBC!
  No, I like ABC.
  How about CBS?
  How about NPR?
  How about FU, you know what?
  Yeah.
  And that's why I support InfoWars.
  They're giving you what the other people aren't giving you.
   And of course, the Trends Journal There is no magazine in the world that comes that close to it in providing you in-depth socioeconomic and geopolitical trend forecasts and trends analysis.
  So put your money in your mind where your mouth is and your heart is, support InfoWars and support the Trends Journal because we're supporting you.
  We are in the most dangerous times of our lifetime.
  Glad I'm an old cat.
  Don't want to be in this mess.
  We'll be right back.
  Stay tuned.
  Hey, great being on the Alex Jones Show.
  Yeah, yeah, I was listening to Owen, you know, waiting to go on the air and talking about the Ukraine war and what how disgusting it is in this country that peace is prohibited.
  This is nothing new, by the way.
  I mentioned what that, and I did on Owen last week, about how that clown on MSNBC, that arrogant Rachel Maddow, made fun of the peace rally we had.
  They had a rally over there in Germany this past weekend.
  Depending on whose numbers you look at, some 50,000 people showed up in Berlin. 50,000!
  Pro-peace.
  The media denigrated it.
  They called it a niche.
  And what they're doing is they're making fun of these rallies when different segments of society go to them.
  So they condemn that one because, quote, far-right were there.
  They did the same thing with the rally in DC.
  People from all different sections of life were there.
  I could care less what you, who you have sex with, what you eat, what you believe in, whose God is your God.
  I could care less.
  If you're rallying for peace, that's one issue.
  But what they're doing is rather than having agents provocateurs, they may come later.
  So that discourages the whole thing, you know, because all they do is focus on that.
  What they're doing now is saying that all weird people, using Rachel Maddow's words, are uniting for peace.
  So they try to do the same thing in Germany.
  And the leaders of it, two women, said, you know, don't give us that baloney.
  This is about peace.
  But think about it.
  We're about 84 million people in Germany.
  And 50,000 or so showed up for the rally.
  You got 332 million in America.
  Between 2,000 to 4,000 showed up at the rally, the peace rally in D.C.
  a week ago Sunday.
  shows you the spirit of this country.
  332 million people.
  If you get a million people, it's a big deal.
  I gotta tell you, man, as an older cat, I'm glad I'm old.
  This is not my kind of America.
  And my generation, what a bunch of hypocrites so many of them are.
  You know, they're all protesting the Vietnam War because we're all getting drafted.
  No draft, no protest.
  And now, being that America is so blimped up, you know, they don't have enough soldiers to fight anymore.
  So, you have to have the draft, they're not going to get enough people.
  This country has gone down so bad, so fast.
  It's just disgusting.
  That there's no push for peace shows you how low it's gone.
  And I want to keep picking up where Owen left off.
  You're reading those headlines.
  And again, we didn't talk about this.
  We didn't talk before we got on the air or anything.
  I just picked up from where he was going.
  Talking about how these headlines are denouncing Russia and Putin without providing another side of the story.
  This is from February 8th, Wall Street Journal.
  Russia throws soldiers into Ukraine firing line to gain inches.
   How come you weren't writing about that in America's losing Afghan and Iraq wars.
  How come you weren't writing that?
  How come you weren't covering day after day, week after week, month after month, year after year, like you do now, particularly the toilet paper record, the New York Times, picture after picture after picture of destruction in Ukraine.
  How come you weren't doing that in Iraq and Afghanistan?
  Well, I'll tell you why, Salenti.
  Because we were embedded reporters.
  That's what they called them.
  I'm not making it up.
  Yeah.
  Little prostitutes in bed with the military.
  Embedded reporters.
  Yeah.
  Bending over and taking it any way they can.
  And anybody that wants to give them, as long as they're the top of the government, they'll take it.
  Yep.
  Bend over, bend over.
  We're prostitutes.
  We take it any way we can.
  Embedded reporters.
  That's right.
  And here's the BS spewing out of these little arrogant clown mouths about how America's bringing freedom and democracy to Ukraine and around the world as they slaughter people, when if you came out against the COVID jab, well, that's nothing but misinformation.
   If you didn't believe a little freaky lying F like Fauci, Why, how dare you not swallow his crap?
  We do!
  I'm Don Lemon!
  I'm Jake Tapper!
  I'm... I'm another piece of crapper!
  That's America?
  Not my America!
  Get it in your head, little boys and girls!
  You don't tell me what to do!
  I don't tell you, you don't tell me, so take it easy!
  I'm born to be free!
  Got it?
  Napolitano, born in the Bronx, born to be free.
  Right after the war, at the height, his spirit was alive.
  And now it's dead, dead, dead, deadsville.
  It keeps getting worse.
  More propaganda.
  Putin inventing new type of military after Ukraine liquidated almost its entire army.
  Not making that up.
  Yahoo News.
  Yahoo nothing.
  Yahoo!
  F U. Yep.
  Russian dictator Vladimir Putin.
  Didn't he have elections there?
  He's a dictator?
  How about all these little people, all these little scum that are our politicians?
  Like the guy playing president.
  That's been sucking off the public you-know-what for 60 years.
  Oh, they could stay in government all they want, huh?
  How about the little arrogant mayors and governors that never leave office and senators?
  Oh, they're not dictators, no.
  They just taste like, you know, whatever you want to call it.
  Yep.
  Russian military chiefs are losing patience with Putin and could soon turn on him in a coup.
  January 27th.
  Zelensky at the World Economic Forum's Disgusting Forum.
  I'm unsure if Putin is even alive.
  This is who they quote.
  Germany will not block tanks.
  Can Putin survive?
  Oh, this is from The Week, January 23rd.
  Vladimir Putin afraid of coup.
  Will retire in 2023.
  This is from the Jerusalem Post.
  Oh, wonderful things going on over there in Israel, too.
  Yeah.
  The occupation of stolen land.
  Oh, they're settlers.
  Can't say anything bad.
  And the slaughter going on over there.
  That's okay.
  Don't say anything bad about that.
  Jerusalem Post.
  Vladimir Putin afraid of coup.
  Will retire in 2023.
  It's high time to prepare for Russia's collapse.
  Oh, this is from Foreign Policy.
  Yep.
  January 7th.
  Propaganda after propaganda.
  So stay tuned to InfoWars.
  We've got a lot to tell you about the economy and a lot more.
  And support InfoWars.
  Hey, great being on the Alex Jones Show.
  And yeah, a lot going on with the Ukraine war and the cover of the Trends Journal magazine, by the way.
  A little over a year ago, February 22nd of last year.
  From COVID war, the Ukraine war, to world war.
   And I was thinking of the three things that Destroyed America in my lifetime.
  Number one, after the Vietnam War, was the whole fear of AIDS.
  I mean, I grew up at a time of sex, drugs, and rock and roll, man.
  Woo!
  Wild times.
  It was loose.
  And then Fauci, the Fauci freak, started that lie.
  Now, straight people weren't dying from it.
  There was a reason why.
  Yeah, people drugged out with getting it, but fear changed everything.
  Changed everything.
  Number two, the war on terror.
  Once upon a time, it used to be fun to fly.
  Yeah, not anymore.
  I flew down to D.C.
  I won't go through those electronic things.
  I guess I get felt up, you know.
  Come on, grow up.
  What is this stuff?
  And how many people, how many, all this TSA crap, how many people have they caught?
  And a little baloney about the shoe bomber, that was a hoax as well.
  The underwear bomber.
  You know, the upper you-know-what bomber.
  That was number two.
  And then, you know, once upon a time, when you went into an office building, you just walked in, you didn't have people checking you, any of that stuff.
  Became a whole different world.
  With the, uh, war on terror.
  Homeland security.
  What are they secured?
  What homeland security?
  We're coming over the border in droves.
  What are you securing?
  And then, the COVID war.
  AIDS, War on Terror, and COVID war.
  Two of them brought to you by that mentally arrogant little piece of scum, Fauci.
  The COVID war and the AIDS war.
  Yep.
  Life has changed so dramatically with this, with this, uh, COVID.
  Streets up here are dead.
  Dead at night.
  Used to be alive.
  Just go to Woodstock, 15 minutes away from here, boop.
  10.30 at night, dead.
  Bands used to be playing everywhere, boop, gone.
  Hardly here.
  And the music, by the way, today, what a joke.
  From Ragtime to Swing to R&B to Rock and Roll to Motown to No Town.
  It's just one bad rap.
  Life, Liberty and a Pursuit of Happiness?
  Hell with you.
  What are you talking about?
  We're Americans.
  We're politicians.
  Life, Liberty and a Pursuit of Happiness isn't allowed.
  So anyway, that's what's changed my life so much in my lifetime, that these things are terrible.
  I was talking about the rally in Berlin and how it was negated from the beginning.
  Berlin readies for, quote, naive Ukraine peace rally.
  This is from DW.
   Organizers of the rebellion for peace protest have been criticized They're playing into Russian President Vladimir Putin's hands.
  Hey, why did you read the crap from Rachel Maddow?
  She said the same thing.
  What, is the government feeding in his crap?
  Far-right groups have told their supporters to show up, prompting a strong police presence.
  Yeah, they're protesting the war.
  How dare they, how dare they?
  How dare you protest war?
  That's the new Western way.
  Yep.
  And then German Chancellor Olaf Scholz told ZDF this week that he did not share the conviction in a peace manifesto.
  Heil Hitler, Olaf!
  Oh yeah, the Germans that killed 25 million Russians in World War II, Operation Barbarossa?
  Oh, you're that German guy who's sending them weapons now to keep killing Russians?
  Leopard tanks?
  Oh yeah, right?
  Okay, let's see what he has to say.
  Olaf?
  Hey Olaf, why don't you go lead the charge?
  Again, anybody that wants to support the Ukraine war, put your military drag on, take your money, and go fight.
  Or shut up.
  The Russian President currently accepts only one form of negotiation.
  Namely, unconditional surrender, allowing him to push through all his goals.
  Yep.
  So, no need for peace.
  And the Green Party?
  Yeah, green?
  What green?
  They told ARD's Focal Point TV that the rally organizers were trying to sell something as peace, that is, quote, an imperialist dictator was imposing on Europe, which would be an invitation to Russian President Vladimir Putin to invade other countries.
  A total lie.
  The same lie they said with Vietnam.
  If we don't stop those commies in Vietnam, they'll invade other countries.
  So shove it!
  Shove it!
  Green Party, piece of clown.
  You ready?
  The center-left Social Democrats, SPD said F-U-C, and the Socialist Left Party also refused to participate.
  Isn't that great?
  No peace allowed.
  You know why?
  Because they're pieces of crap.
  They're arrogant pieces of crap, selling lies and hysteria.
  This war would have been over eight months ago.
  If the United States and Europe didn't keep bledding the killing fields with more weapons.
  So, I want to move on to the economy before we take a break.
  The markets are up pretty strong today, and last time I looked they were only up like 30-something points.
  This is very simple what's going to go on.
  This thing's going down big, it's going down hard, and it's going down fast.
   In about a month, less than a month, The Fed's going to come out again and say how much they're going to raise interest rates.
  This is a very simple equation.
  The higher interest rates go, the deeper the economy falls.
  Period.
  Paragraph.
  This thing's going to go down big because it was all artificially juiced up with fake money.
  The trillions of unprecedented dollars pumped in to fight the COVID war.
  The United States and the government, the numbers range between six and eight trillion.
  Zero interest rate policy.
  Stay home.
  Don't go to work.
  Here's free money.
  Don't shut your mouth.
  Go home.
  Artificially boosted it up.
  Interest rates at zero created a fake housing market.
  Where's the housing market going?
  It's going to be a lot worse in another sector than housing.
  And when we get back, we're going to talk about it.
  But before we get back, I really want to drive this point home.
  The people at InfoWars are doing all they can to give you all they can.
  I go all over the world to get media.
  And every day I go to InfoWars.
  And I say, wow, they got another top story here.
  Wow, another top story they hit.
  But you don't see it anywhere else.
  So do what you can to support them.
  And, of course, you go to InfoWarsStore.com, InfoWarsStore.com, and you get the products that they have.
  And they got a lot of great things on sale, and a lot of great products coming back in stock.
  So you need to support them because they're supporting you.
  And if we don't unite for freedom, as I said at the rally, united we stand, divided we die.
  Nuclear war is on the near horizon.
  I was the first one to call World War III.
  It's the cover of the Trends Journal back in February 2022.
  So we're going to take a break.
  We'll be right back.
  We'll talk more about the economy and a lot more.
  Stay tuned.
  Yes, yes, yes, you're listening to the Alex Jones Show and I'm Gerald Cilenti.
  I'm very happy to be here and do all I can to support InfoWars.
  All they're doing and you need to support it too if you want to have InfoWars keep going and getting you more information that is very hard to find anywhere else.
  And great analysis as well.
  They have these great products and that's one of the ways that you can benefit from it.
  You benefit from it, they benefit from it.
  They got this great sale going on now, this Ultimate Krill Oil.
  And you better get it while you still can.
  It's up to 50% off and it's a powerful combination or alternative to fish oils.
  Krill oil, it's the next step to supporting your body and mind with natural healthy fish oils.
  Some companies may chemically modify their formulas or add unnecessary ingredients making the formula difficult to trust but not the ultimate Krill oil.
  So this Ultimate Cru Oil, it sells out, it really goes fast.
  So you better get it while you can.
  These cornerstones of any supplement routine, they never last long.
  You see them going at it all the time.
  So get it while you can.
  And it supports optimal cognitive health, supports optimal health, heart health, joint health, and regulating fat metabolism.
  Boy, that's one needed.
  It supports brain development, that's really needed too, and helps reduce inflammation, gives you flexibility and mobility.
  So it's a perfect addition to the fish oil line, Ultimate Krill Oil, and always has a place in your daily supplement lineup.
  So get Ultimate Krill Oil now, and it's 50% off.
  So do what you can, go to InfoWarsStore.com.
  InfoWarsStore.com.
  They're right.
  Back in stock.
  Read Biotic Fiber.
  Get what you need.
  So, to show how biased and one-sided and arrogantly stupid the mainstream media is and why you subscribe to the Trends Journal because there's no magazine like it in the world, this is from the Toilet Paper of Record, the 23rd of February.
  Biden bolsters NATO alliances on East Flank.
  Hey, number one, no NATO.
  I don't want to be in NATO.
  Ain't my trip.
  NATO was done, quote, to fight the Soviet Union.
  That thing is long gone.
  I'm an American.
  I believe in the founding fathers.
  No foreign entanglements.
  Read the speeches from Madison and Washington, as I do.
  So save it, man.
  No need for NATO.
   But anyway, They go on to write this piece of garbage here.
  Total lie.
  With the anniversary of Moscow's invasion of Ukraine approaching, this is the day before, Mr. Biden met in Warsaw with leaders from NATO's eastern flank, acknowledging that, quote, you know better than anyone what's at stake in this conflict, not just for Ukraine, but for freedom and democracies throughout Europe and around the world.
  Total BS, the total lie, selling the domino theory.
  If we don't stop those commies in Vietnam, before you know it, those dominoes will be falling all across Asia and they'll hit the shores of California, and I'm not making that up.
  And by the way, when I was a young guy in my late teens and early twenties, I believed in the lies that they were selling.
  I believed in the Vietnam War.
  I just didn't want to go because I didn't want to get shot.
  But I believed it.
  Then they go on to quote, the arrogant Biden.
  Quote, the idea that over 100,000 forces would invade another country since World War II, nothing like that has happened.
  Huh.
  Oh, Biden?
  The Joe Biden that got like three or four draft affirmants in Vietnam?
  Nothing like that never happened?
  How about going back to 1969?
  Maybe you're not good at math, I'm not very good at it, but the war ended in 1945.
   in 1945. 1969 is after World War II and there were over 500,000 American boys that were
  drafted into the service that were sent into Vietnam.
  So Biden, you're full of baloney.
  The idea that over 100,000 forces would invade another country since World War II, nothing like that happened.
  Wrong!
  It happened!
  It happened in Vietnam!
  You got it?
  Oh, and how many troops did America bring into Afghanistan?
  I don't know the number offhand, but I think it's like 135,000.
  But I'm out.
  Stay away from that one.
  I'll stay in Vietnam.
  Does the media say Biden's wrong?
  Nope.
   The next line is, Mr. Putin offered a starkly different message, saying that he was restoring Russia's To its rightful place.
  In reassembling territories, he contends, are part of the Russian Empire.
  He never contended they were part of the Russian Empire.
  He contended that the people in the Donbass region did not support the military coup launched by the United States in 2014.
  Total propaganda!
  And that's why you subscribe to the Trends Journal and or InfoWars.
  So, now, they're saying, Ukraine is saying, Zelensky's saying that Russia's going to attack Crimea.
  And Victoria Nuland, who passed out cookies and stuff, cake and bread, at the Maidan during the revolution going on over there, she supports it.
  Yep.
  Russia's won repeatedly.
  That Kiev is plotting an assault on Crimea.
   Russian President, former President Dmitry Medvedev, who is now Deputy Chair of the Security
   Council, said that an attack on Crimea would be interpreted as a direct attack on the country
   itself and, quote, "would be met with inevitable retaliation using weapons of any kind."
   And China is uniting with Russia and saying that clinging to the Cold War mentality leads to
  antagonism and confrontation.
  Ministry spokesman Wang Yuanbin told reporters at a briefing in Beijing.
  The end of the Cold War more than three decades ago doesn't mean the end of zero-sum thinking and the Cold War mentality.
  The Berlin Wall is torn down, yet defensive ideology and prejudices still stand.
  Here, Wang noted that NATO, which was formed in 1949 to provide collective security against the Soviet Union, continues to exist over three decades after the USSR's collapse.
   The Western military bloc, quote, Even constantly seeks to reach beyond the traditional defense zone and scope and stoke tensions and create troubles in the Asia-Pacific, she said.
  Yep.
  You mean like, and how about Libya and Iraq?
  And now the United States is opening up four more bases in the Philippines.
  Oh, we're all so concerned.
  I mean, I don't know.
  I don't think I would know what to do if China took over Taiwan again.
  Which, by the way, it's all agreed that Taiwan is a part of China.
  And this stuff's been going on, what, since the Ming Dynasty?
  So here we are.
  We're in a very, very difficult situation, financially, morally, mentally, and spiritually.
  So here's the question I ask.
  Which side are you on?
  Are you on the side for godly peace?
  Or satanic war?
  Take your pick.
  And if you're on the side for godly peace, what are you doing to make it happen?
  BS is cheap.
  I do everything I can.
   I put my money where my heart, my mind, My soul and my spirit are.
  In fighting this.
  I hold rallies, speak at rallies, do everything I can.
  Put out a magazine at the top.
  What are you doing?
  Are you supporting those of us that are doing it?
  Are you supporting Occupy Peace?
  Are you supporting InfoWars?
  Do you subscribe to the Trends Journal?
  What do you do?
  Do something.
  It's up to you to change this.
  United we stand, divided we die.
  Great being on InfoWars.
  I'm thankful for all that they do, and you should be too.
  See you next week.
  I don't have to list all those off to you.
  But also a lot of really positive things are happening.
  Elon Musk just came out and said the new world order, global government's bad, wants to collapse civilization.
  Joe Rogan now sounds just like me.
  Everywhere I go we get nothing but positive feedback.
  And everybody else I talk to that are prominent leaders in the populist pro-human movement, not just here but around the world, are saying they're getting nothing but 99% positive feedback.
  So, humanity really is accelerating their awakening.
  That said, you see the coup at Project Veritas taking out James O'Keefe.
  You see all the other political attacks going on against patriots, not just here, but other parts of the world.
  The enemy is coming down on us.
  And we're not funded by George Soros or billionaires.
  We're funded directly by viewers and listeners like you.
  And the work we do is so incredibly important and changes the world.
   So it's not an exaggeration to say, without info wars, Humanity would be in much worse shape than we are right now.
  But due to your past support, due to your prayers, due to your word of mouth, humanity really has a fighting chance.
  So I wanted to tell you about some of the great products here that don't just fund the info war, and that's a phenomenal result, but also will give you phenomenal results for your immune system, your body, your joints, your bones, your overall stamina, everything.
  Ultimate Bone Broth.
  Sold out for over two years.
  It's an amazing product.
  Concentrated bone broth from chickens.
  A very strong dose in every serving of chaga mushroom, bee pollen, turmeric, and a bunch of other great ingredients.
  It's back at stock, discounted.
  Infomorestore.com.
  We've got, of course, the Ultimate Fish Oil.
  We've got the Ultimate Krill Oil.
  We've got Real Red Pill Plus.
  Get such rave reviews.
  We've got the Nitric Boost.
  It's so good for your heart.
  Your cardiovascular and blood system.
  Super Mel Vitality.
  Vazo Beach.
  Fizzy Magnesium.
  The list goes on and on.
  And I told you about a month ago, we've only had 1,500 books left to sign.
  And I'm not signing any more Great Reset and The War for the World.
  It's a fundraiser.
  You can buy the book unsigned or buy the signed book to know you helped keep us on the air.
  When these 1,500 books are gone, they're gone.
  Now, most of the books were at our new warehouse in Denver.
  The unsigned ones.
  We didn't have the books here.
  We had like 200.
  We finally got them shipped down here.
  I got them all signed last weekend, and we are ready to ship them to you as soon as we ship it back next week to the Denver Shipping Department.
  So, it's a pre-order, but they'll be shipping out in about a week.
  When these books are gone, they're gone.
  So get your copy of The Great Reset and The War for the World, a signed copy, by Alex Jones, exclusively at InfoWarrantStore.com, and that, again, will keep us on air.
  Those of you that did buy the signed book, I want to thank you.
  You're the reason we're still on air.
  But those that haven't gotten a signed book, this is your last chance, and I hope you'll get a copy.
  I know the crew wants to stay employed in the fight against the globalists.
  They hope you get a copy.
  But regardless, this will nourish your mind and give you evidence to wake up your friends and family and others against the new world order.
  And all these products will really, really, really, really change your life.
  They will do amazing things for you and your family.
  Two of the items that are amazing are BrainForce Plus and BrainForce Ultra.
  They're both different nootrobics, do different things.
  They're clean, healthy brain boost.
  They're both 50% off at InfoWarsTore.com right now as well.
  So I'm simply asking listeners to commit to go to InfoWarsTore.com and get great products at the same time, keeping us on air.
  Only about 1% of our listeners ever buy a product.
   All our problems for financing would be solved if just a smaller You're watching the American Journal with Harrison Smith.
  The Alex Jones Show.
  The most banned network in the world.