The Middle East is a trap.
  It's quicksand.
  Everything that's happening is because the globalist financial empire, i.e.
  the petrodollar, is facing significant threats and facing collapse.
  So for decades, the countries that we've been in conflict with are not with the Bank of International Settlements, not with the IMF.
  Just look at General Wesley Clark's part on the list of countries to invade.
  And he couldn't see it at the time.
   You know, Iraq, Iran, Sudan, Yemen, Libya.
  So we had Afghanistan ended.
  Ukraine started trying to get Russia, NATO, into World War III.
  Russia didn't go for it.
  Just as Ukraine peters out, you know, Israel gets attacked as a prelude to attack Iran, keep Bibi in power, ban Israel.
  So they need big U.S.
  support to take it to the next level.
  False flag attacks are incoming.
  They will be increasing, foreign and domestic, bases and ships already getting hit.
  You know, they might not even, you know, order here in the U.S.
  So I would look out for attacks on women and children.
  And, uh, you know, who would Jesus bomb?
  That's something to think about.
  You know, I love America, so I joined the military to defend America.
  Well, I never defended America.
  I was defending an empire.
  And then I found out I'm really defending this globalist empire.
  So I think anybody thinking about no matter what happens in the coming days, weeks, years ahead, anybody thinking about joining the military, just be aware who you're fighting for and what you're not fighting for.
  So just go in with eyes wide open.
  Rallying patriots worldwide in defense of human liberty.
  It's Alex Jones.
  It's Monday, October 23rd, 2023.
  Strap yourselves in.
  InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's news.
  Today.
  When castles towered over vast landscapes and knights championed honor and valor, there came an unforeseen darkness.
  Amidst this impending doom stood a knight called Alex Jones, a brave and outspoken herald known as the Truth Sayer.
  Sir Alex Jones was not alone.
  In his most desperate hour in the battle against evil, a radiant light descended from the heavens.
  God, in all his glory and his legion of angels, stood by Alex's side.
  The battle raged on, but with every blow, Alex Jones' conviction grew stronger.
  With every truth he proclaimed, the demonic forces faltered.
  When the enemy was vanquished, Alex Jones swore a solemn oath that should the realm need him again, he would return.
  And now it's Alex Jones, leading a full frontal assault on the satanic New World Order.
  Tune in at infowars.com/show and share the link today.
  Thanks for watching.
  Is she alright?
  Seems okay if we can get to it.
  If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you could possibly imagine.
  Harrison, visit InfoWars.com forward slash show now.
  I hope that old man got the check to be my commissioner.
  This is gonna be a real short trip.
  Okay, yes!
  While other networks lie to you about what's happening now, InfoWars tells you the truth about what's happening next.
  Visit InfoWars.com forward slash show today.
  The satanic New World Order is betting against humanity.
  They're betting on our weakness.
  They believe they can destabilize civilization.
  And bring us down into the ashes of history.
  But the trap they've laid for us will be their destruction, not ours.
  If we trust in God, and if we are valiant, and have courage to speak the truth, and not comply and engage in civil disobedience, and not join the masses, who have decided that they are the scum of the earth, who have decided that they will join with this soulless corporate system.
   As for Infowars, We are going to steadfastly continue to fight in the information war with our weapon, the truth, against the enemies of humanity.
  And we put our faith, and we put our trust, and we put our destiny in the hands of God.
  Because it's been said a trillion times, if God be with us, who can be against us?
  This is not about somebody wanting to put on pantyhose and have their sexual organs changed.
  It's about shocking our children.
  A lot of these groups are pedophile, let's face it.
  They want to talk about sex with your kids.
  In the name of tolerance, they're going to put your kids on Ritalin and Prozac, they're going to inject them with deadly vaccines full of cancer viruses, and they're going to really screw them up.
  While other networks lie to you about what's happening now, InfoWars tells you the truth about what's happening next.
  and share the link today.
  
  
  
  
  
   and say I don't know what's gonna happen at the end of this but you wanna fight?
  You better believe you've got one!
  From the front lines of the Information War, it's Alex Jones.
  Stay with us, ladies and gentlemen.
  We've got giant news on the other side of this quick break.
  The faith in the establishment has completely collapsed.
  The globalist new world order is sinking.
  
  Tomorrow's News.
  today.
   I'm going to show you a video of the people who are going to be on the stage.
  Well, the globalists didn't bring in tens of millions of Muslims into the Western world for no reason.
   They are the equivalent of Us wearing a tight necklace around our necks,
   like from the movie Running Man in the 1980s, a Stephen King classic, Schwarzenegger.
   And then if you try to escape, they just hit the button and blow your head off.
   And look, the Muslims have conquered everywhere they go, and they displace everybody else,
   and it's what they do, and their religion teaches them be friendly and nice
   until their numbers get up to 10%, and then they push everybody out of the cities they're in,
   and then finally out of the countries they're in, and they take over.
   The leftists have taught in universities here, they've had lots of Hollywood movies, misrepresenting history, that the Crusades were an offensive attack On the Muslims.
  No.
  The Muslims got all the way halfway through Poland.
  They took over large areas of Russia and Eastern Europe.
  They took over Spain.
  That's why when Spain took back their country, it was called the La Reconquista.
  Or the Reconquering.
  With El Cid and others that came after him.
  That was the beginning of the La Reconquista.
  Was El Cid, the founder of modern Spain.
  And just as El Cid did not put all the Muslims to death, he just pushed them out back into the Middle East and Africa.
  If they wanted to convert to Christianity, they could, because they would put your ass to the sword if you didn't convert to their religion or make you chattel slaves.
  So let's not play games here.
   The number one issue Is our totally open borders and giant third world populations being brought in to be taught to hate Europe and hate America.
  And they're not even the enemy.
  It's the globalists directing it and controlling it.
  Now that said, most of the public around the world looks at this in black and white.
  Are you for Israel or are you for the Muslims?
  And it's much more sophisticated than that.
   Now, I was going to come in here today and just make the point right now That Israel's completely losing its propaganda war, the West is losing its propaganda war, because whatever the establishment says, the people are now against.
  So if the establishment media says, we're for Israel, the general public says, we're against Israel.
  And national polls, ABC, NBC, you name it, show the vast majority of Americans, the polls are on Infowars.com, the majority of Americans do not want to send weapons or money to Israel.
  America sees our country falling apart.
  The average American is not against Israel, but we know Israel's a rich and powerful country.
  How about Israel comes and saves us?
  So, here's where we are.
  The powerful Rothschild globalist leftist interest and their mouthpiece, The Economist, are for open borders and bringing the Gazan refugees by the millions to Europe and the United States.
  AOC called for it over the weekend.
  And you have Harvard and all the big academic groups foaming at the mouth, worshipping Israel on one side, but that's only the leadership of the colleges, but from right below them down, worshipping of the Muslims.
  And this is a dialectic.
  Just like Israel in the 70s helped create Hamas to destabilize the Palestinian Authority, the PLO, the Palestinian Liberation Group.
  House City Liberation Army.
  So, this is a giant destabilization program worldwide, and if Americans and Europeans and others can't see through it, we're doomed.
  Absolutely doomed.
  Clearly, Israel had a stand-down.
  Clearly, Netanyahu's unpopular and thought he'd use this to maintain control.
   But, When I got in here today and was looking at all the stacks of news, I noticed a theme here that basically agrees with my own observation.
  How Israel's losing the propaganda war to Hamas.
  Big article out of Zero Hedge that lays it all out.
  But this is a bigger issue.
  They're losing the propaganda war, and you'd think they'd be winning after that devastating sneak attack on the 7th of October.
  Because the people are sick of every globalist project, and Israel is seen as a globalist project.
  But the Muslims being brought in is at the heart of the globalist project.
  So do you see the dialectic?
  My answer is, don't support any of it.
  If you purely support Israel, you've been set up.
  If you purely support the Muslims, you've been set up.
  Support the innocent Jews that died.
  Support the innocent Muslims that died.
  Support a path towards peace here.
  But at the same time, do not support the black and white narrative of choosing a side.
   Because the larger issue here is the same globalist forces like Soros that's called for supporting Hamas, Soros has, are the ones orchestrating this and bringing in this Islamic army that is winning elections all over the country and putting their people in charge.
  And of course Europe is many steps down the rat hole, deeper than we are.
  So I intend to open the phones up.
  On this subject today, ahead of Alex Rosen joining us, who's one of the most prolific, successful pedophile hunters.
  He's just having devastating victories every few days.
  He's busting people in the act of trying to kidnap and rape children.
  He's catching them with children.
  I mean, the guy is just amazing.
  He's going to be joining us in the third hour, but in the first and second hour, I'm going to give the number out.
  I'm going to give the number out next segment.
  on the issue of this dialectic and the topic I'm covering.
  You can agree, you can disagree, you can add points.
  You're welcome to call in if you're a Zionist, you're welcome to call in if you're in Hezbollah or Hamas, you're welcome to call in if you're a Palestinian.
  I'll try to treat everybody with respect.
   And I respect the Muslims enough to just talk straight up to them and say, you believe you're going to conquer the world, both the Shiites and the Sunnis, And you've heavily infiltrated our governments, and you're pouring into our nations, and you're not assimilating.
  I'm not saying all Muslims are like this, but the dominant feature of Islam is conquest and submitting.
  And I am not submitting to your version of the Abrahamic religions, and I am not submitting to the leftists, who are your buddies.
  And who love you because you are a knife pointed at the heart of the West.
  And if the West is so horrible, why don't the Muslims just stay in their countries?
  Because I can't go to Saudi Arabia and get outside a Western zone and practice my religion or teach Christianity.
  And you can't do that in Israel either.
  You're not allowed to proselytize in Israel.
  There's a law.
  Hell, there's a law in Israel.
  You can't marry a Jew if you're not Jewish.
  They'll arrest you.
  So, look, Israel's allowed to have their racial state.
  The Muslims are allowed to have their religious state, live under their dictatorships.
  But I'm not going to live under that.
  I'm a real liberal, a classical liberal like Thomas Jefferson.
  And I reject it all.
   And so, I reject Jewish supremism.
  I reject Islamic supremism.
  I embrace human supremism against the robot AI takeover that we should all be worried about and uniting against.
  We'll be right back.
  Stay with us.
  Welcome back to this live Monday edition of the Alex Jones Show.
  I'm going to give the number out here in a moment.
  But here's the facts.
   For decades and decades, it has been the prime directive of the globalists of the EU through our own government To bring in massive wave after wave after wave of people from different countries who have histories of not assimilating and they basically build ghettos and enclaves and no-go zones.
   Then the universities and the media and Hollywood teach that Christians and white people are inherently bad and at the heart of that, the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith teaches and pushes curriculum in the schools to teach white children they are inherently bad because of what color they are.
  Now I guess the ADL thought that then by teaching everyone that white people are bad somehow the brown majority that is 90 plus percent of the world and now the majority here in the U.S.
   at least a large section of them would hate Christian whites and European whites But would embrace the ADL.
  And we've had ADL workers and people caught pulling down the signs of the kidnapped Jews when they're hung up in New York and other areas.
  And you've got all the footage of the Black Lives Matter, huge hordes of white people praying into their new religion of Black Lives Matter, a Marxist-Leninist group that teaches their main mission is to feminize black men and cut their genitals off.
  I'm not joking.
  It's one of their main tenets.
  And ending the nuclear family.
  So the left is incubating every poisonous ideology they can and then now the ADL doesn't know what to do when what it's been creating on the universities and in the public schools and other systems and through the media has now spilt out.
  I mean was it just going to be the white Christians that kiss the feet of black people?
  Was this going to be the police that bow down because they're evil because they're police?
  No.
  And so now, when you've got a fight between what the world sees as white people in Israel and brown people, the white people are bad.
  So again, for all the leftists hating Israel, okay.
  The same bosses that set up Israel have now set up the Islamic invasion.
  And I saw the footage in England and New York of big Muslim-Palestinian rallies, and the leftists showed up with their transgender pedo flags and men dressed like women, and we've got the footage of them being beaten up.
  Yeah, they're going to throw your ass off buildings.
  They'll behead you.
  Try to go to Gaza, a man dresses a woman.
  Try to go to Gaza and say you want a three-year-old to sit on your lap when you're a man and bounce him up and down on the erection in your pants.
  They're gonna kill you.
  And I gotta say, good job to the Muslims in Dearborn, Michigan, saying we're not gonna fly the pedo flag, we're gonna fly the American flag.
  I think there's a chance here to convert a lot of Muslims to Americana if we had that in the culture.
  But when you're teaching America's bad and America sucks and America's evil and white people are evil and bring down America, they're gonna get a lot of the young Muslims that were brought here, a lot of these Muslims came here actually to get away from tyranny, and could be converted over to Americana.
  But they're not being converted.
  The majority aren't.
  They're turning into Ilhan Omar's and Rashida and Tlaib and all the rest of them.
  So that's the facts.
  This is part of a larger destabilization, kill the West operation.
  And Israel's seen as the West.
   And the Israeli lobby, predominantly, Not all of them, but the dominant part of the lobby has been at the tip of the spear, undermining America, undermining our culture, because of some ancient beef between Jews and Christians.
  Whereas if the Likudniks only looked at America, Christians are the biggest supporter of Israel.
  But it doesn't matter.
  Because those old grudges... I mean, let's just cut through the crap here, and get right down to facts.
  Israel's not going anywhere.
  It's got a bunch of nuclear weapons.
  It's a tiny country.
  People argue the Jews aren't the same Jews.
  Yes, they are.
  The Sephardic Jews are the exact same Jews, and there's a big percentage of the Ashkenazi that have Sephardic bloodlines.
  They may have intermarried with Europeans and people, but they're Jews.
  So there's a lot of propaganda on that side as well.
  And so, this is not our fight.
  We should be unified in the Bill of Rights, the Constitution, and our Republic.
  We should not be designated by whether we're on the Palestinian side or the Jewish side.
  Because even the Jewish side is not one monolithic organization.
  Netanyahu's incredibly unpopular in his own country.
  So, this is sick.
   The whole thing's disgusting and You've got the ADL getting a big heaping helping of its own medicine.
  Because the ADL is the tip of the spear of race politics.
  That's why I say they're the most Nazi organization I've ever seen.
  And the lowbrow anti-Israel crowd that just, everything's Israel 24-7, they're obsessed with it.
  Whatever I say, they go, look, Jones is so dumb, he claims the ADL's Nazi.
  No, I said they're acting like Nazis.
  Nazis were racially based.
  Their whole worldview was based on race.
  So just like the black Israelites are totally obsessed with race, I can say they're equivalent of black Nazis.
  And then you have the ADL.
  It's an equivalence.
  And then you have the ADL.
  Running around, literally teaching that white, Christian, Anglo-Saxon, Protestants and Catholics are horrible, evil extremists and have Homeland Security listing us as the main terror threat.
  That is Nazi-style policy to control groups by race and religion.
  So I'm not literally saying they get up and heil Hitler in the morning.
  That's very clear what I'm saying.
  It's just like what Bill Maher says, the colleges are like North Korea.
  Well, they're actually using Maoist ideology very similar to brainwashing control.
  He's not literally saying Harvard is North Korea.
  He's saying they're like North Korea.
  And he's right.
   And I'm saying that the ADL Literally teaching that it's inherently bad to be a white person and that you owe some debt when you're a four-year-old white person because you're white and we need reparations and all this crap is Hitlerian in that it is race-based.
   Now, I know that the head of the ADL doesn't have a Hitler mustache, But it doesn't matter.
  So that's what's so frustrating is how people immediately put things into blocks.
  Take Nick Fuentes.
  A week ago, he was here debating, or Wednesday in the studio debating.
  I appreciate that.
   He put a video out and he said, Look, Alex Jones, you know, they're all owned by Israel.
  Totally not true.
  Because he says it looks like the Israelis didn't blow up the hospital.
  Well, it's come out now.
  Overwhelmingly, they didn't.
  It wasn't a JDAM.
  It was an errant rocket.
  And the hospital wasn't blown up.
  It was the parking lot.
  I just report on what the facts are.
  I just reported Israel blew up an Orthodox church and a couple of mosques full of innocent people, and that's wrong.
  When it's clear they did that, I say it.
   When I believe the evidence shows that they Didn't blow up the hospital.
  I'm just going to say it because that's what I do.
  And it's the same thing with Israel and the seven hour stand down.
  Clearly a stand down.
  And like 89% of the Jews are pissed over there and know it was a stand down.
  So I mean, I'm just going to call it like I see it here, folks.
  I don't hate you because you're a Muslim.
  I don't hate you because you're a Jew.
  I don't hate you because you're black or brown.
  But here's the deal.
  Being put down because I'm white.
  Being told I'm the devil because I'm white.
  But everybody wants to get into countries that white people set up and ran.
  I'm not going to be bullied or intimidated by you, you pack of racists.
  So I'm on record explaining they're having an AI technocracy to make humans obsolete and then depopulate all of us.
  And whether you live in the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Latin America, North America, Europe, I stand for humanity and I want us to have a pro-human future.
  But the globalists are dividing and conquering us along the lines of what color we are to then make us adopt the globalist leftist system that'll be the warden over the whole prison planet where they segregate us all according to our race and religion into other areas.
   And because they've already started the process of that, We have to understand that just as Jews teach their children that they're exceptional and they're amazing and they can do anything, and any other parents or cultures that are successful teach their children that, we can no longer be intimidated as Christians and or as white people and be told that we're evil and bad and let them teach our four and five-year-olds that they are inherently bad because they are white.
  My six and a half year old daughter is homeschooled, but she goes to a lot of camps and goes to a lot of sport events and has a ton of friends.
  And she told me about one of the camps she went to this summer, this last summer, that taught her she was bad because she was a white person.
  And I said, when was this?
  It was an exercise camp.
  They said, well, at lunch, they played a story, an audio book over the speakers.
  And she told me what they did.
  We've done a lot to protect her from the corporate media and that poison, but they did that.
  That they want to tell your child they're another sex, and then put them in a database, and then put them on a fast track to be sterilized.
  We have to protect our children, no matter what color they are, or what religion, from this transhumanist cult.
   And the same globalist cult that's opening our borders, and bringing in all the Islamicists, and stirring them up to hate us even more, working with the left, is the same left, captained by the ADL, literally, through the curriculum they control, Teaching critical race theory to our children.
  And the racial attacks on white people are at all-time highs.
  That's the epidemic.
  That's what the numbers show.
  And the FBI tries to hide it.
  So that's where we're at here, ladies and gentlemen.
  And the reason I'm bringing this out right now is everybody can see it.
  And it's time for people to understand it.
  And so, I don't want to destroy the Muslims.
  I don't want to destroy Israel.
  But I am not going to sit here because I'm nice and open and friendly and have Texas or American hospitality have my kindness used as weakness against me.
  So it's time for Christians and people that love America and people, no matter what color they are, to stand up and say, we're not going to be bullied and intimidated.
  And it starts with white people.
  Because if you see the Karens all over the news, all over the country, pulling down images of kidnapped Israelis, they literally are siding with radical Islam that would put them in a beekeeper suit and not even let them drive a car.
  Because they're brainwashed, they have Stockholm Syndrome from the corporate system.
  Orthodox, expansionary Islam is the enemy of a free world.
  The occultic leftist ADL is the enemy of the free world, the enemy of free speech, the enemy of Christians, the enemy of white people.
  They're telling you're bad because you're European, and no one should put up with that, and people should say no to it.
  But that doesn't mean we're then represented, in most cases run by the globalists, by the white supremacists and their ilk.
  We have to come together and understand there is a robot, New World Order, globalist, depopulation takeover.
  It doesn't matter if you were a Muslim, or a Jew, or a Christian, or an atheist.
  They came with the poison shots for everyone.
  But Africa, only 3% took the shot and they have the lowest COVID rate because they know not to trust the UN and their poison shots because they've been through it.
  I am a human supremacist.
  I think humanity is amazing.
  I think humanity is incredible.
  I'm a fan of humanity.
  And I've talked about it a hundred times.
  The movie Devil's Advocate with Keanu Reeves and others like Al Pacino.
  And the devil says at the end, I'm a fan of man, and God's not.
  No, the devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
  I'm a fan of humanity.
  And I said we should all be proud of our heritages and who we are.
  And anybody attacking us, telling us we're inherently bad...
  Is a fraud.
  So what did Raw Story and a bunch of others say yesterday?
  White people are amazing.
  Alex Jones gets racial in bizarre pro-white rant.
  Oh, it's so bizarre to not hate yourself because you're white.
   It's so bizarre to be proud of Western civilization that built those incredible cathedrals and created classical music and almost all the modern sciences we have developed and accelerated and that's why mainstream corporate media
   literally tells you white people didn't create anything because it's a lie and they
   want you to hate yourself because the globalists want to break up and control all of humanity
   and turn us against each other and make us hate ourselves and believe that we should be
   depopulated and that in the year 2030 the world's going to end so we give up on ourselves
   and roll over and let the robot technocracy take over.
   Of course when Raw Story put my clip out from last night they didn't put the part where
  I said, humanity is amazing.
  
  And it's God's garden.
  And all the different versions of humanity and invariants of us have done amazing, interesting, beautiful, powerful things.
  And we have to celebrate that and know that's a human trait we have.
  They want you to hate yourself.
   And if white people that are six and a half percent of the world population If you cannot understand that and not think of yourselves as good and be proud of yourselves, we're going to be bullied by the globalists to do whatever they say.
  The globalists will fully hijack the West and use it to enslave the entire planet because they don't want the third world aspiring to Western civilization.
  Because Western civilization is open and free and threatens the globalist hegemonic power.
  Oh, it's bizarre to be proud of your grandparents and great-grandparents.
  It's bizarre to be proud of my ancestor Gresham that created the Stock Exchange.
  It's bizarre to be proud of my ancestors that fought the Texas Revolution at San Jacinto and the Alamo.
  It's bizarre to be proud of my ancestors that fought in 1776 or my ancestors that came over on the Mayflower.
  Or to be proud of my Native American ancestors.
  I'm proud of it all.
  I'm supposed to hate myself.
  Leftist.
  Professors.
  Psychologists.
  Globalists.
  I have free will.
  I'm proud of myself.
  I'm proud of who I am.
  You can't make me hate myself.
  I love myself.
  And I love humanity.
  And I will fight you.
  I will stop you.
  I will throw everything I've got against you.
  And that's why they want to shut down.
  So, here's what's going on.
  The current group in control of Israel thought they could have a stand down and get all this sympathy and get all this power and control and then use their population as guinea pigs, as Netanyahu said.
  And now it's blown up in their face.
  And the left is boiled out of the universities and everywhere else like bees out of a beehive.
  And the quote Pentagon's holding Israel back from going in and smashing and leveling Gaza.
  Because they aren't quite ready yet to activate the Muslim mobs, and the fact that they're activating early could make the West shut down its borders and start deporting the jihadis.
  So the timetable's not where they want it right now, and that's why this is happening.
  But remember, the ADL wants to bring an unlimited islamicist.
  And the ADL literally teaches your children, if you're white, that you're bad because you're white.
  Doesn't get more Hitler than that.
  It's just the reverse of that.
  So, how Israel's losing the propaganda war to Hamas.
  Zero Hedge.
  Excellent article.
  Absolutely true.
   But whether you're a Muslim or a Christian or a Hindu or a Jew.
  Or a Buddhist or a Zoroastrian.
  
  They're rolling out the Global Cashless Society, the social credit scores, the ESGs, the universal basic incomes, the poison shots, the UN worldwide medical tyranny.
  Humanity needs to organize around the idea of the Bill of Rights and Constitution, 1776 worldwide, and around the Renaissance, and around building a pro-human world, and around space exploration, and around nuclear families, and strength.
  We need to do it, and we need to do it now.
  And we need to reject this divide-and-conquer stratagem of all the groups and organizations that are pushing it.
   But at the same time, when leftists are in charge of our Western countries and are bringing in unlimited groups of people to brainwash them and turn them against us, we have to triage that and shut that down Until we've taken control of our countries again and stabilized it, and then bring the best into our countries, to then raise them up, so they can go back and lift up their own countries.
   So, I want to shift gears now into the military operations, what's happening there, and I want to give out the toll-free number on this giant subject, and the Galean dialectic, and what I've talked about, because again, For the right-wingers who are on board hating Israel and getting all the online love for it and being boosted by big tech when you promote it, that's what they want as a dialectic to create a cataclysm.
  But those of us calling for unity and exposing how the scam works, we're still being censored.
  What does that tell you?
  And where are the people that are just bashing Israel?
  Where are they saying, but don't open the borders up to the Islamicists and defund these universities that are teaching all this hate?
  Because it's wrong to say white people and Christians are inherently bad because of what color they are.
   And it's wrong the statements out of prominent professors and members of Congress and you name it, calling Jews subhuman and inherently evil and dogs and bad because of The fact that they are of a genetic group that has a religion.
  You see?
  So now let's get into Joe Biden.
  Here's a video of him.
  He's been on vacation 44% of the time in the last almost three years now.
   And We'll roll that video of him back at the beach on a car in the world with all these U.S.
  hostages, all these wars expanding, all the Russian aircraft with long-range missiles in the Mediterranean and the six large Chinese warships and their escort ships in the area and the accelerating war in Ukraine and all the rest of it.
   So I want to just illustrate here with you a few clips And talk about this a little bit, but let me give you the toll-free number.
  877.
  We'll put it on screen.
  877-789-2539.
  877-789-Alex.
  877-789-2539.
  You can disagree, agree.
  I just ask you have a clean phone line, and be ready to make your point, and we'll move to the next person.
  Love your calls.
  877-789-Alex.
  Alex, 877-789-2539.
  You can disagree, agree.
   I just ask you to have a clean phone line and be ready to make your point.
  And we'll move to the next person.
  Love your calls.
  877-789-ALEX.
  Okay.
  Let's go to clip 10.
  This is the Israeli Prime Minister, Netanyahu, speaking to Israeli commandos near Lebanon.
  If Hezbollah goes to war with Israel, it will make the mistake of its life.
  And then I'm going to go to what the Iranian Foreign Minister is saying.
  This is in Hebrew, so I'll read it as we go.
  Here it is.
  You are in a holy tomb.
  
  Alright, let's stop that.
  They downloaded the wrong version.
  We have one with subtitles.
  Get it again and I'll play it in a minute, okay?
  Thank you.
  But that's what he says.
  I read you the quote.
  He said, If Hezbollah, that's in the north, goes to war with Israel, it will make the mistake of its life.
  And then he goes on to talk about attacking Iran.
  Okay.
  So it's a big deal.
  Now, here's another one.
  This is Iranian foreign ministers.
  Lebanon's economic crisis will not prevent Hezbollah from joining the war.
  So despite the fact that Lebanon is in financial collapse, he goes on to say that they're still looking to attack Israel.
  So this thing is very close to escalating.
  Here it is.
  It is true that on the media outlets in Lebanon and online, there are attempts to present a picture as if Lebanon is dealing with an economic problems and therefore cannot withstand a war.
  Everything has been taken into proper consideration.
  Naturally, the leaders of the resistance will not allow the Zionist regime to do whatever it wants in Gaza.
  So that when it is satisfied with the situation in Gaza, it can move on to deal with the other resistance fronts in the region.
  Therefore, any preemptive operations impossible in the coming hours.
   the regime has taken the opportunity to assassinate our nuclear and elite scientists in the Middle
   East on the streets of Tehran, we cannot remain indifferent to the existence of this cancerous
   growth. When Netanyahu with his imbalanced behavior is making direct threats to do this
   and that in Iran, It's making direct threats to do this and that.
  One cannot remain indifferent.
  Our public cares a lot about its security.
  The incredible achievement of General Soleimani, the martyrs.
  and the defenders who also fought ISIS.
   Had to do this first and foremost with our own national security.
  But at the same time, it had to do with our mission and responsibility for the security of the region.
  Alright, that's enough.
   So the point is, they say that they may go ahead and still strike, and that if Israel does go in to Gaza, which they're starting to do, and some of the troops have been killed doing that, I've seen videos that Hamas is putting out of Israelis riding in on the top of the tank.
  And the Islamists are saying, well, these guys are not very well trained.
  Sitting up there like sitting ducks.
  So this will be a bloodbath on both sides.
  Terrible escalation.
  Israel's walking into a trap.
  That's why I think Netanyahu's pulled back, but then he had egg on his face.
  So he's still going to send some troops in, but maybe just to the peripheries.
  This is already escalating completely out of control.
  Now here's another clip that ties into it.
  Top Biden spokesperson John Kirby.
  We don't see an indication that a major player is willing to escalate in a major way.
  So I wanted to play you Netanyahu and then the Iranian foreign minister saying we're ready to escalate and then show you Kirby lying to you.
  Well, we have seen some worrisome attacks, and we've got to do what we've got to do to protect our troops on the ground, particularly in Iraq and Syria.
  You've seen us add additional military capability to the region.
  We are watching this very, very closely, so I don't want to get ahead of where we are, but right now, we don't see an indication that a major player is willing to escalate in a major way.
  But then Kirby goes on to admit that the United States is running out of munitions while supplying NATO and Ukraine and the Israelis.
  That's why China and others are getting ready to make their move.
  You see the trap?
  Here it is.
  My question is, the state of those stockpiles right now, the state of where U.S.
  weapons stockpiles stand, with two wars sending now two different types of shipments on a regular basis towards two U.S.
  allies, how big is the concern that the U.S.
  is dangerously low on what it should have for its own defense right now?
  Well, of course it's a concern.
  That's why we asked for that extra supplemental funding from Congress.
  Without getting into classified information, I can assure you and the American people that the United States military can continue to defend our national security interests all around the world.
  Okay, so there you go.
  We're in a global crisis.
   I probably said 500 times the last three and a half years that After they've run the COVID power grab, and after they've run the climate change power grab, and after they try to turn the water off and create race war, which they're all doing at the same time, they will launch the wars.
  And hey, Biden gives $6 billion to Iran, they give it to Hamas.
  They give the Taliban 80-something million dollars in equipment and weapons and infrastructure, and it just goes on and on and on.
  And out of this larger crisis, the big banks, the big corporations destroy businesses, put countries deeper into debt, consolidate power and control.
  Triggered terror attacks in the West, pretext for more surveillance grids, more internal police services, that are then openly in Europe and here being used against the populist white Christians, who the FBI and Interpol say are the main threats.
  In a raw story, they'll say, why is Jones making this racial?
  Well, I mean, Homeland Security says the main threat is white people.
  White conservatives, Catholics, Christians.
  We're not doing anything, per capita, lowest crime rate, just sitting here being attacked and demonized everywhere.
  I got footage out of England, four different videos, of people trying to bring out the King George flag, the original English flag.
  Just a white flag with a red cross on it.
   And the Muslims are tearing it down, attacking them, and the police detain them and take them away, the British, because you can go around screaming, I want jihad, I want holy war, And attack police.
  But you can't go out there with your original English flag.
  Not allowed.
  Dirty.
  Bad.
  Harvard wants to take down the statues of George Washington and Thomas Jefferson.
  We told you once they were done with Robert E. Lee they'd do that.
  They want to get rid of the American flag!
  And then replace it with their rainbow pedo flag!
  Literally!
  And the left is out there bowing to Black Lives Matter that doesn't represent black people, represents Jordan Soros and the New World Order!
  That's their religion, ladies and gentlemen.
  White guilt, bowing down, doing what you're told.
  How do you not follow that?
  You break the cult's stranglehold.
  A lot of people are in the political correctness cult.
  A lot of people are in the white guilt cult and I realized the last month or so that I really care about everybody and I've really been working to bring everybody together and be able to see through it.
  We've been very successful at getting people of every color to see the larger picture, but that I have even been a little bit in the political correctness cult and that I was trying to stop more division by not being part of it.
  But at the same time, it actually gives into it a certain level if white people are bullied and intimidated and don't stand up and say, stop treating me like that.
  And remember, it's mainly white liberal academics and the ADL and the Southern Poverty Law Center that are running this.
  But the reason there's so many racial attacks and robberies on whites is because it's been greenlit that we deserve it.
  By the Gavin Newsoms, by the Barack Obamas, by the Hillary Clintons, by the Joe Bidens.
  We're going to go on a break.
  Fire up the phone system so I can see it, please.
  Other phones are already open.
  877-789-2539.
  And we're going to come back and start the second into the third hour, taking your phone calls.
  877-789-2539.
  Now, let me talk about this real quick.
  It is so important, ladies and gentlemen, to realize that we have amazing products that will empower you and your family and that really, really work great.
  The Infowars Platinum products are three private-labeled products.
  Three private-labeled products that are already best-sellers in the country, that are certified, amazing, powerful, work great, that we've been allowed to private-label because the owner of the company is a patron.
  We just changed the name.
  HGH Max Boost.
  So good for your body, your health, your youth, your vitality, your cells.
  Everybody should be on it.
  Pain MD is a natural formulation that works really, really great to naturally reduce pain.
  It works really great.
  Funds the operation.
  1776 Testosterone Boost has known documented compounds to empower the testosterone that's already in your body and do amazing things.
  Works great for men and women who are losing weight.
  For stamina, for libido, these things will all blow you away.
  They work really, really well.
  That's why they've got five-star reviews.
  They're discounted at InfoWarStore.com.
  And we're getting ready very soon to sell out of HGH Max Boost.
  And we're getting close.
  The next few months, we'll run out of 70, 76, testosterone boost and pain MD.
  So get yours at InfowarsStore.com or 888-253-3139.
  And we need the funds to operate.
  We will stay on air in the face of these huge attacks, but only with your support.
  And we're in the black, but barely.
  So these are great products.
  You already need to get them at MFORESTORE.COM.
  And because we are relaunching and revamping the shopping cart, I'm told Wednesday night, we're not putting any of the new specials we had ready today up.
  So we've extended for three more days, but this is it.
  You're at absolute last chance to get 60% off on Brain Force Plus, the incredible nootropic.
  50% off on Real Red Pill Plus.
  And up to 40% off on some of the other great products like Real Red Pill Plus that is incredible.
  All these work together like a horse and carriage.
  We're also selling out a Vitamin Mineral Fusion.
  Despite that, it's discounted at infowarestore.com.
  And of course, my new book is out and is now shipping.
  There's a fundraiser.
  I want to thank all of you that have gotten a signed book as a fundraiser.
   There's also the regular unsigned, The Great Awakening, Defeating the Globalist, and launching The next great renaissance at InfoWarStore.com.
  It takes money to win a war, plus these are great empowering products you need.
  So take action now and please keep us on air.
  I want to salute you for staying in the fight.
  We'll be right back with our number two, your calls and more.
  It is the Great Awakening, and I'm Alex Jones, your host.
  
  DNA Force Plus, 50% off.
  Get it while it lasts.
  Learn all about it.
   DNA Force Plus is the perfect formula to help you support optimal energy levels while adapting
  your body to handle the daily bombardment of toxins.
   We know it's important to supplement your body with the most potent bioavailable antioxidants.
   That's why DNA Force Plus has exactly what you need to provide your cells with protection.
  And it is the elite flagship supplement of InfoWarsStore.com.
  DNA Force Plus, 50% off last sale.
  InfoWarsStore.com.
  Take advantage of this while supplies last.
  60% off Brain Force Plus.
  This is the flash sale happening right now.
  I love Brain Force Plus.
  I always have one at my desk before I go on air.
  I like to pop a couple Brain Force Plus for mental energy and there is also some naturally occurring caffeine in there.
  But it's the mental clarity, it's the mental energy, it's the focus factor.
  This is a natural way to get mental focus, mental clarity, mental energy without having to go to a big pharmaceutical product.
  Brainforce Plus flash sale happening.
  60% off.
   Let's get to Infowarsstore.com and fund this operation today.
   Russia's Deputy President Dmitry Medvedev and of course their President Putin have continued
   to threaten that if more missiles are moved into range of Russia, they will start attacking
  NATO targets.
  And now that there are US aircraft carriers in range with hypersonic missiles, he said this isn't basically a threat, it's a promise on behalf of the Russian Air Force that we may attack you.
  China says they own the South China Sea.
  They're a thousand miles away, literally attacking fishing boats in the Philippines.
  Philippine Coast Guard divers cut an underwater cable and unmoored a 300-meter floating barrier that China placed to prevent Philippine fishing vessels from accessing the Scarborough Shoal.
  A gesture that underscores Manila's growing defiance of Beijing's claims to the prime fishing grounds.
  The tiny mid-ocean outcrop seized by China in 2012 has become a global geopolitical flashpoint.
  And attacking oil drilling platforms off the coast of Vietnam.
  I think Putin is out of line saying that US aircraft carriers can't be in the Mediterranean.
  That's a free open sea.
  And there's Russian nuclear submarines off our coast.
  Admiral James Foggo, the commander of U.S.
  naval forces in Europe, is particularly concerned about this submarine, the Severodvinsk, nuclear-powered and armed with land-attack cruise missiles with a range greater than 1,000 miles.
  The Severodvinsk is a brand new class of submarine, and it's very capable, it's very quiet.
  So, that's the most important thing, I think, in submarine warfare.
  When you say quiet, you're saying harder to detect, harder to track.
  Yeah.
  That's what I'm saying.
  Does that sub...
  Come down into the Atlantic?
  Suffice it to say that the Russians have increased their presence in all bodies of water around Europe and in the Atlantic.
  Pentagon officials told 60 Minutes that last summer, the Severodvinsk slipped into the Atlantic Ocean and for weeks evaded all attempts to find it.
  In peacetime, losing a Russian sub in the Atlantic is embarrassing.
  In a crisis, it could be a disaster.
  Think about the global infrastructure that rests on the bottom of the ocean.
  You're talking about the undersea cables.
  That's correct.
  Those fiber-optic cables carry 99.4% of the data exchanged over the Internet by the U.S.
  and its allies and trading partners.
  Depending on your point of view, they are either the backbone or the Achilles heel of the world economy.
  So are we going to threaten to nuke Russia because they got nuclear weapons off our coast?
  This needs to stop.
  It needs to stop right now.
  This is out of control.
  I'm not going to sit there and back any one group and then distort my research to comport with that group.
  I'm an American, I'm a Christian, I'm a father, I'm a patriot, and I'm pro-America.
  But our country's hijacked by the worst criminals the world's ever seen.
  China's run by a client state that's just as bad as the globalists.
  Russia didn't start this war.
  The globalists admit they started it nine years ago, overthrowing the Ukrainian elected government.
  So I've been against the war.
  But I'm also against Russia escalating.
  But NATO's escalating, so that's just how this is going to work.
  Putin orders air patrols over the Black Sea to carry Kinzhal missiles that are anti-ship.
  I mean, there's the Mediterranean right there.
  U.S.
  aircraft carriers.
  There's the Black Sea, a few hundred miles away from each other.
  So this is going downhill real, real fast.
  The Kinzhal Dagger is a Russian nuclear-capable, aero-ballistic, air-to-surface missile.
  It has a claimed range of more than 2,000 kilometers, 1,000 miles.
  Our planes, MiG-31, armed with Kinzhal missiles.
   They are known to have a range of Over 1,000 kilometers at speed Mach 9.
  So what he's saying is, we've loaded nuclear missiles on our aircraft a few hundred miles away from you and their range is over a thousand miles.
  And this is not a threat, it's a message from the Air Force to the US.
   or ballistic missiles follow a parabolic trajectory, a predictable arc that goes up and down like
   a ball. It means they can be detected early in flight. Hypersonic glide vehicles work
   differently. They exploit physics using drag and friction so they can fly in all directions
   like an aircraft, but at super fast speeds, making them very difficult to detect until
  it's too late.
   You can talk about who runs the world. Blackrock, the Chai-coms, all the different organizations
  Rothschilds.
  When you have a nuclear war, how are all you Harvard scum running the country in the ground in the back of China gonna feel when your family's getting vaporized, you murderous trash?
  All right, I went off the whole first hour on the Hegelian dialectic and the Islamic invasion.
   And just because you're against the Islamic invasion, Doesn't mean you support everything Israel does either, and I'm sick of the debate being dumbed down to that point.
  But I got a lot of other news we haven't hit that'll intersperse between your calls.
  The worst ever illegal border crossing numbers were quietly announced on Saturday morning.
  Get the F up.
  Biden strolls on the beach as America and the world goes to hell.
   Even 50 Cent on his Twitter account, he's usually a pretty big liberal, came out and attacked Joe Biden. I mean, everybody's sick
  of the establishment.
   Everybody's sick of the globalists. Everybody's sick of BlackRock and the rest of it. I just
   spent a whole segment with one caller, great caller, but I got to get faster or we won't get
   to all of you. So let's go to Keating. Let's go to New York and talk to Keating. Keating,
   thanks for calling. Go ahead. It seems like the idea of self-preservation is completely
   out the window in New York City. Everybody's so caught up in the latest Palestine, I mean,
  not Palestine, Israel, Hamas situation.
  Oh, you're right.
  It's the latest thing, like COVID and then Ukraine and global warming and now, and now, oh, the Palestinians.
  It's the latest cutesy thing, which the mainstream media pushed, the hospital attack.
  Yeah.
  Sorry, go ahead.
  No, it's all right.
  You're right.
  It's like, I just, I don't understand the mindset.
   of during the lockdowns you know I remember we couldn't go to restaurants we couldn't
   do anything I got harassed going to grocery stores without a mask but you know this is
   their thing it's like we'll jump on this and it's like I don't understand why they're so
  concerned about this.
   Because the left has taught that white faces are bad and the Jews have white faces.
  And that's what the left is literally, an anti-white cult.
  And quite frankly, the Israel lobby has been a big part of that, the leftist arm of it.
  So the ADL conjured this monster.
  Yeah.
  And your analogies of Bad Max, of, you know, Beyond Thunderdome, New York City is becoming that.
  Like, last night, I live in a pretty, I guess I would say affluent neighborhood, and last night out the window I hear, N-word, I'm gonna kill you!
  And, you know, and it's bizarre.
  The city's bizarre.
  And we're just going deep.
  We're three beers in a barrel going off of... Hey, Soros on the left three years ago with George Floyd.
  They knew the cop was innocent.
  They had them.
  Coroner's report.
  Now the prosecutors have gone public that they removed four prosecutors because they wouldn't charge him because they knew he didn't... George Floyd didn't have a bruise on his neck.
  He was on enough fentanyl and meth to kill four horses, literally.
  Four people.
  I mean, just kill a horse, I guess.
  I mean, the point is, is that... And they knew he was innocent, but they said, well, it'll hurt our careers, so let's put him in prison.
  And now off of that religion, they defund the police.
  Criminals feel like they can commit any crime they want.
  Absolutely.
  On a personal note, I want to thank you for the warning on the vaccine.
  My whole family, we didn't get it.
  My mom, her brother, they both got AFib now.
  I also want to thank you for, you know, telling me how to handle the feds when they arrived at my door after J6.
  So I handled that, sent it to my lawyer, and finally a couple weeks ago I called you and you gave a prayer for my son and I referred to Owen as your son by mistake and that kind of ticked you off, but I wanted to thank you for that prayer.
  That meant a lot.
  Well, I appreciate you, brother.
  You didn't take me off.
  I remember your call.
  I'm just saying he's more of a little brother than my son.
  Owen is his own deal.
  And people say, oh, why is he making such a big deal about 60 days in prison?
  Because the judge said it's for his speech.
  And if it's 60 days now, it's 10 years next.
  Next, it's death penalty.
  It's a big deal, folks.
  They put in the sentencing document, the judge said, because you are unrepentant and still say Trump won.
  They're saying you're going to jail, it says it in the charging document, and it says it in the sentencing document.
  The judge, I probably read it on air 15 times, I couldn't believe it, a Trump appointed judge by the way, because they're all brown nosers man, almost all of them.
  I mean you saw those, they had to remove four prosecutors and they demoted them, that's why they're suing.
  And they're all gone public now, and they're filing a lawsuit because they all got demoted after they refused to charge the innocent cop.
  And again, when cops are wrong, I'm against them.
  When Israel blows up something that's wrong, I'll say it.
  But when they don't blow up the hospital, it's not true.
  I'm going to say it.
  Same thing.
  George Floyd died of drug overdose.
   And we see this whole new religion Here in the United States, it's not about helping black people.
  It's about the left controlling black people and then getting white people, when they hold up the black puppet, to say, hey, the black people say bow down to this.
  The black people say get on board with the end of the nuclear family.
  That's the tenets of Black Lives Matter.
  And then all these cities gave tens of millions of dollars apiece.
  A whole bunch of cities.
  Denver and New York and a bunch of others gave him tens of millions of dollars per city to Black Lives Matter saying, oh, we're sorry that the police ever did anything to you when you were burning buildings down.
  The globalists have turned the police off to destabilize the country, just like they brought in the Muslims to destabilize it.
  Figure it out yet, and then hold two thoughts at the same time in your head.
  Just because I'm not for open borders to Muslims doesn't mean I worship Israel either.
  But I'm also not going to hate Israel because that's a fetish.
  I mean, look at these headlines.
  There's hundreds of them.
  Chicago art professor who called Israelis pigs and savages issues apology after being called out for disgusting behavior.
  And I've got article after article.
  Woman in New York is the latest Jew-hater caught on camera tearing down posters of innocent Israeli hostages.
  Yeah, an ADL employee was another one of them.
  So it goes on and on, folks, and so let's not hate people in blocks.
   But at the same time, you can't bring in record numbers of Muslims when they're literally being further brainwashed That America needs to go down the tubes and they need to have a jihad and that white people are inherently bad.
  It's so simple.
  Let's go to Carl in Kansas.
  Carl, thanks for calling.
  Yeah, hi.
  The Middle East is a trap.
  It's quicksand.
  Everything that's happening is because the global financial empire, i.e.
  the petrodollar, is facing significant threats and facing collapse.
   So for decades, the countries that we've been in conflict with Are not with the Bank of International Settlements.
  Not with the IMF.
  Just look at General Wesley Clark's part on the list of countries to invade.
  And he couldn't see it at the time.
  You know, Iraq, Iran, Sudan, Yemen, Libya.
  So we had Afghanistan ended.
  Ukraine started trying to get Russia, NATO, into World War III.
  Russia didn't go for it.
   Just as Ukraine peters out, You know, Israel gets attacked as a prelude to attack Iran, keep Bibi in power, ban Israel, but they need big U.S.
  support to take it to the next level.
  False flag attacks are incoming.
  They will be increasing, foreign and domestic.
  Bases and ships already getting hit.
  You know, they might not even need an order here in the U.S.
  So I would look out for attacks on women and children.
  And, uh, you know, who would Jesus bomb?
  That's something to think about.
  Carl, I one billion percent agree with you.
  In fact, when we archive this full show today to Bandai Video, I'm going to put your call up front.
  Great points.
  You want to hold over?
  We've got more points for you.
  Done.
  Well, I joined the military.
  Hold on.
  Don't hang up.
  I'm going to go to a quick break.
  Carl, come right back and let you finish up.
  Because that guy just did a lot better job than I do, just succinctly nailing it.
  He just hit a home run, a grand slam.
  He just, that's a royal flush.
  He just nailed it.
  Carl, stay there.
  More calls straight ahead.
  So Carl in Kansas held him over as I didn't want to cut him short.
  He was saying he'd been in the military.
  I wasn't going to make points on that.
  But yeah, they've just used the Middle East as a place to dump trillions, trillions, and show up our troops while the globalists have been caught funding Al Qaeda, Hamas, Hezbollah, all of them, the Muslim Brotherhood.
  Obama publicly ran the Arab Spring, overthrowing our allies that were secular, putting Islamists in.
  I mean, there's a real alliance with the global left and radical Islam.
   And so that's why the right wing that wants to jump on hating Israel, you need to pull back a little bit.
   And I get not endorsing a lot of stuff Israel does, and not fetishizing Israel.
   And when the Israel lobby says, "Jump, you ask how high?" I get all that.
  I mean, look at what the ADL tries to do to me constantly.
  I mean, I don't think they represent all the Jews.
  I'm trying to be really fair here and look at the facts.
  But what was your last point?
   The last point was that I love America, so I joined the military to defend America.
  Well, I never defended America.
  I was defending an empire, and then I found out I'm really defending this globalist empire.
  So, I think anybody thinking about, no matter what happens in the coming days, weeks, years ahead, anybody thinking about joining the military, just be aware who you're fighting for.
  And what you're not fighting for.
  So just go in with eyes wide open.
  That's right.
  When the Romans had an empire, they gave the troops land and money.
  And they actually had an empire of the Romans.
  And you could say, well, that was still conquest.
  And they were, quote, bad.
  But they brought medicine and food and science and aqueducts and culture to Western Europe.
   there really wasn't a big industrial culture until the Romans, who learned it from the
  Greeks and others, did that.
   So you could say the Romans were really a blessing in the final equation.
  I think that's probably fair to say.
  We wouldn't have civilization today without them.
  But the Romans were for the Romans.
   And you're right, this is not an American empire, which would be corrupt and wrong.
  The Chinese Communist Empire is Chinese.
  They're super racist.
   I'm not saying all Chinese are, but they're the most homogeneous group.
  Just look it up.
  They're the biggest group in the world.
  And they're like, for the Chinese, maybe.
  And they'll tell you, we're superior, we're the best.
  And the Japanese, you know, think they are.
  I mean, they hate each other way more than the KKK and black people hate each other.
  I mean, it is some hate.
  Some kind of hate we're talking about.
  Great points, sir.
  I appreciate your call.
  Let's move on now to Thor in Texas.
  You're on the air.
  Hey Alex, how you doing, sir?
  I'm alright, brother.
  Go ahead.
  Am I making sense here or not making sense?
  You're making great sense.
  Before I get to my point, you said the other day you have kind of an issue praying out loud in public.
  I have the same thing.
  You know, if you and I said the Lord's Prayer right now, I'd probably choke up halfway through it.
  And I did a little research on that a while back to find out why.
  And what I found out is that it's just from our deep sincerity for the Lord.
  You know, when I pray by myself, I can say the Lord's Prayer and I don't cry and stuff and get upset and choked up.
  But I understood where you were coming from the other day, so... Well, I mean, it's the deepest thing in my life, deeper than my love of my children, which is the most powerful thing in my physical life, the third dimension.
  When I pray, I really reach out to God and I really feel God.
  And I don't even want to say, it's such a private thing and it's an awesome thing.
  And so...
  I mean, I'd liken it to having a bunch of people you don't know in the birthing room while your wife's having a baby.
  It's just so personal, but it's also important.
  God's told me we need to do it in public more.
  We need to pray in public.
  Yeah.
  That's good to know.
  We should.
  We absolutely should.
  So on that note, then I'll say a prayer then.
  So here we go.
  Isaiah 41.10.
  So do not fear, for I am with you.
  Do not be dismayed, for I am your God.
  I will strengthen you and help you.
  I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.
  Amen.
  Amen, brother.
  Amen.
  So, my point is this.
  No one, and you politicians that are listening, you listen up to what I gotta say right now.
  All of you leaders that have power in our country right now, you need to stand up and say, stop.
   We need to back up and we need to just take a look at what we've got going on here.
  You're putting our battleships at risk.
   There's a high liability that we could lose 7 to 10,000 to 12,000 men and women.
   That's a significant event that would shut the election down.
  It seems like it's a staged thing.
   Now the other thing is we don't buy Mexico or Venezuela or anywhere else for all these
  people that are pouring into our country right now.
  I mean, if we play by the rule books that they're trying to play by right now, with the war, nuclear and all, we buy all rights.
  Let me interrupt you, let me interrupt you for a while, because I'm not good at writing notes, remember to say it.
  You're so on target.
  I meant to make this point, and again, this isn't about demonizing any group.
  If I want to, I'll do it.
  I'll call it like it is, but it's about reality.
  By Israel's yardstick, saying that if they lose 1,500 people, then it's okay for them to kill 50,000 or whatever may end up dead, something like 5,000, 6,000 now.
  Well then, by that yardstick, we're getting 100,000 dead a year plus from fentanyl alone, so why aren't we bombing Mexico?
  Why aren't we bombing China?
  And I'm not saying bomb Mexico or China, but this idea that an evil attack is coming out of a country, so you bomb their people in general is wrong.
  I said two weeks ago, why doesn't Israel, like Trump did, killing Soleimani, kill the leadership of Hamas, no matter where they live?
  I mean, because look, talk about collateral damage.
   If they knew these Mulas, where they're meeting in nearby countries, are in a building, blow it up!
   But you kill the people that gave the orders. You don't just start bombings and think, "Well, we did in World War
  II."
   Yeah, folks, and most of the people that were involved in that, from Kurt Vonnegut to you name it, thought it was
  wrong later.
  But, I'm sorry, go ahead.
  No, you're absolutely right on target.
   These people, all these politicians, John Kerry, all these people saying that for the depopulation, before that, kill
  yourself, man.
  Kill your family off.
  You know, if you people want war, go to, go, lead.
  Lead, man.
  Lead from the front.
  Don't lead from your hidden somewhere, from a bunker.
  Lead from the front.
  You people are cowards, man.
  I'm calling every one of you out.
  You politicians need to stand up, and the ones who got the balls that are in our camp, stand up and say, Unite, man, and we're there.
  I hear you, brother.
  Great points.
  Thank you.
  I've probably played this clip a hundred times over the years, but cue it up again.
  It's from Russia with Love.
  You can find an HD copy of it on YouTube now.
  They used to have bad copies.
  I think it's the first James Bond movie, but with Sean Connery.
   But regardless, there's the head of Spectre and he calls in a British guy, an American
   guy and a Russian guy, and they're basically a lady, and they're explaining, "We're going
   to play all the sides off against each other and have a big war, and then we're going to
  be positioned to basically take over after it."
   Now that was written by the deputy head of the OSS and later MI6, and they're telling
   you how this works in the movie, where you've got the two Siamese fighting fish, one of
   them kills the other one, but now he's injured, then Spectre comes in to get the injured one.
  That's what's going on, and the Globalist, great job pulling it up so fast, crew, the Globalist are funding both, or multiple sides of this.
  Alright, let's go back to the calls.
  Monica in Texas, thanks for holding, thanks for calling, welcome.
  Hi Alex, thank you for taking my call this afternoon.
  Thank you.
  I just wanted to start off and say I'm a born-again believer and have been saved for over 20 years and I follow the book of Revelations.
  I know it pretty well, and I can tell you this, that what's going on over there in Israel, all of that is prophetic.
  This is no surprise to me.
  I believe that this is to be the sixth Trumpet War.
  We will be in a war with an army of over two million people.
  And when you think about it, what army, what nation, what country can fulfill two million people?
  As far as being soldiers.
  Well, only China can put a real army that big together, or if it's an Islamic army, they can do it.
  That's it.
  And that's it.
  It is an Islamic military.
  You know, in your own time, go ahead and read into Chapter 9, the whole chapter in the Book of Revelations, and it tells you where it's starting.
  It's starting in the Euphrates area, which is Iran, Iraq.
  It's all Islamic.
  I mean, I know the Bible says that's going to happen, but look at how our own government has brought in these Muslim armies into our countries.
  Yeah, I totally agree.
  And then our media is promoting the protests and trying to get them violent.
  Yeah, we're in the last days, Alex.
  My suggestion to anybody and everybody that's listening, if you get right with the Lord Jesus, get saved, be baptized, and just be waiting for our soon-coming king, and just hang on and hold on.
  I hear you.
  It's definitely an Armageddon-type potential.
  And you see the financial collapse happening, and all the other moves happening, and they're rolling out the microchip to buy and sell.
  It's on the news everywhere.
  I mean, it is all starting to come true.
  It is.
  God's Word never fails.
  He never lies, He never changes, and He never fails.
  And I've got to stand with you, and I agree with you on what you say about not choosing sides.
  I have to say I'm pro-Jesus.
  I'm not going to stand with Israel, and I'm not going to stand with the people of Palestine.
  I'm going to stand with humanity and say that I want to represent the Lord Jesus, and that's how I'm going to stand.
  Absolutely.
  I appreciate your call.
  I stand with the children, and I stand for peace, and I think it's terrible what's happening.
  My point is, is that the West is funding this, and the criminals that funded it, and the criminals that have opened our borders up, are the real enemies.
  Greg in Florida, thank you for holding your on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Hey Alex, how are you?
  Good, brother.
  Good, good.
  I'm the guy who spoke a couple times, laser technology, etc.
  You know, one thing, like I mentioned before, when the Obama administration defunded the Star Wars program, which my scientists headed up, you know, these wars, I talked about the first Gulf War with you before, how they're set up years and years in advance.
  This is, this is not, nothing's overnight.
  Nothing's, nothing's by surprise.
  You know, nine times out of ten, probably more than that, it's all about the money grab.
  Well, that's right.
  And then all the players make money and get power and can clamp down on their domestic populations.
  And we saw Joe Biden literally give Hezbollah and Iran the money for this five weeks before it started.
  I mean, it's right in front of our faces.
  And left all those weapons over there, et cetera, et cetera.
  That was not by accident.
   And, you know, but what you hate to see, what you just touched on a minute ago, you hate to see The killing of innocent people.
  I mean, what a joke.
  I mean, I can't even look at all those dead kids in Gaza.
  It's just terrible.
  You know, life goes on.
  I love this.
  I love this life.
  And I'll be damned if I'm going to lay down for anything.
  One more thing I've been meaning to mention to you.
  Is on one of your little ads about a product you have or something like that, you have a girl hitting a backhand in tennis.
  If you know who that is, she's got great linkage, great ball contact.
  That's probably just stock B-roll we bought, so I don't know, but thank you so much.
  Oh man, I tell you.
  I know the clip you're talking about, too.
  She doesn't work around here.
  Let's go to Aaron in Wisconsin.
  Aaron, you're on the air, go ahead.
  Hey Alex, I just wanted to make a point on, I think it was your first caller talking about his children being homeschooled and then them going out into the world and being confronted by a lot of these issues, the transgender stuff and climate change and being guilty for being white.
  And what I do is I have these conversations in front of my children.
  I have a 16, a 13 and an 8 year old.
  And all of them, I'll have these conversations with in earshot, whether I'm on the phone or talking to, you know, a friend just so they can hear some of this stuff.
  And oftentimes they'll come to me with questions because, you know, like the caller pointed out, they're confronted with this stuff at school.
  And that's why, I mean, the caller was a little bit wrong.
  I've covered all this before, but I did say I'm about to go into it deep because I have tried to shelter my six and a half year old and literally being confronted because he's very smart and very articulate.
  With what she's being told out there at even camps and things by these cults.
  And it came out in the news, the lawyers tell them how to keep it secret.
  This is a cult.
  Telling her, brainwashing the whole, that white people are bad.
  I mean, think of what we put up with.
  So now I'm going to have to explain it all to her.
  And she doesn't, her innocence is going to be ruined, but it's better than her being taught she's bad.
  So these people have really done something nasty.
  Shame on the ADL.
  Shame on the Southern Poverty Law Center.
  Shame on the CIA.
  Shame on the Carnegie Endowment.
  Shame on the academics.
  You left are evil.
  I mean, they want to cut our children's genitals off, little girls' breasts off, of course.
  They want to maim our children.
  They want to scar them.
  Man, they're evil.
  Yeah, that's right, and your natural inclination is to shelter your children.
  You've shown a couple pictures of your daughter on the show before, and she's got those eyes, those bright eyes, where you can just see right into them.
  And my daughter, I think, has the same.
  She's very intelligent.
  She picks up on this stuff.
   So I want her to take it from me and not be told about these things for the first time from Well, that's the fair one.
  They're so innocent.
  I mean, their eyes just glow with love and she cares about everybody.
  She doesn't think anything about other people that are other colors.
  And now the left is making sure it's all racial.
  The left is making sure to inject that on her.
  And then turn around and tell her she's bad when they're the ones doing it.
  Oh, they're evil, man.
  They are bad, bad, bad.
  And if I could just make one more point, I think, because I'm still, I'm pretty new.
  I kind of woke up around maybe 10, 15 years ago, learning about 9-11.
  But you've kind of helped me really understand.
  I used to be really angry with America and think America was this empire.
  And yeah, maybe some people are racist.
  And I bought all of it because I have a public school education.
  I never learned any real American history, who these men were.
  We started all, risked everything to start this, to give it to us.
  I want to hear your take on America, but let me just interject and say it.
  We were the best house in a bad neighborhood.
   Our ideas changed the world and became the example, and we actually did a lot of what we said we'd do, so then they could point at where we fell, but we were the first, along with England, To really turn all this around and build a pro-human civilization.
  That's why we're a threat to the globalists.
  They want to get rid of the pro-human civilization and build the post-industrial world.
  And to do that, they've got to blow up the Renaissance.
  Absolutely.
  Learning who these men were, like I said, what they risked, what they laid on the line, everything, their fortunes, their very lives, to present this to the world, this way, this system, our system, and these people have taken it, and they wield it, and they use it against us, and they hide behind it when it works for them, and then they use it against all of us, like we see right now.
  That's a really good point.
  They hide behind the protections, and the globalists, they get the protections, but we don't.
  Right, they're like little brothers.
  They run out, they get a shot in, and then they run back and they hide.
  And it's the history, was my point.
  You and guys like Bannon and Stobic, I've kind of come to learn about over the last couple of years, present that really well.
  The history of America, and the world too, and where we've come from, to understand where we're trying to go.
   Most people, they're I don't mean to disparage people, but they're kind of unsophisticated in their thinking, and they just take everything at face value, what they're told, and then they just move on.
  And these are the things that stick in their minds.
  America's an empire.
  America's racist.
  America's a bully.
  America just sticks their nose in every... What America really is, is asleep at the switch, hijacked by globalists.
  So yeah, we are guilty for a lot of the evil.
  But the average American was not involved in putting Mao Zedong into power in the CIA in 1949.
  No, the same criminals that did that are the same criminals that protected 30,000 Nazis and brought them here at the end of World War II.
  It is a criminal group and they've handed power down to the next generation and now we have a captured Justice Department, all of it.
  We have a hijacked nation.
  And yes, it's our fault.
  If we don't take it back.
  But we're not the authors of it.
  We're not premeditatedly trying to be evil.
  The Globalist Star.
  Thank you so much, Erin.
  Let's talk to Brooke in Mass.
  You're on the air.
  Welcome.
  Alex Jones.
  Welcome.
  Good to talk to you.
  So I think it's very telling that I've been going through it to get some of this information out in regards to what's been happening around me in Lowell, Massachusetts.
  There has been a large amount of increased aerial activity.
  What I mean by that is drone surveillance, typically three at a time.
  There's a group on Facebook, it's actually called Helicopters Over Lowell, and then there's another group and it's called WTF Was That Noise Lowell.
  Both of them are highlighting an increased activity of helicopters above.
  I've seen three flying in formation at one time.
  Also, with that late night, there is often aerial sounds above.
  Obviously, I can't see them, but there's very loud, unaccounted-for booms.
  Yeah, there's probably military training going on.
  We have no police.
  The only police we are hiring are armed animal control officers on Indeed, which is very telling, and there was a brawl of six unarmed men this past weekend in Lowell, a city, the closest city to Boston.
  And they were unable to arrest six unarmed men.
  They had to call in outside police officers.
  That is very, very alarming with what's going on in our country.
  No, you're right.
  They've encouraged lawlessness and just... All I can say is thank God for the Second Amendment.
  Because if it wasn't for the Second Amendment, this country would already be gone.
  Thank you so much for your call.
  The reason I covered black helicopters back in the mid-90s was they'd come in, they'd lease a building, they'd blow it up at 3 a.m., Delta Force would, another military.
  We'd cover it and the news would say, didn't happen, you're insane.
  And we just went, this is an example of media and government lying.
  So we started getting footage of it and showing it.
  We weren't against the military doing drills or whatever, but it was all part of a larger desensitization campaign.
  The military was doing training.
  But the covering it up was a psyop, because Bill Clinton was thinking about trying to set up martial law, and they had him trained to take over the Texas Capitol, you name it, in case governors said no.
  So it was martial law training.
  But the military thought they were just doing hostage rescue stuff, and so they were compartmentalized.
  So that shows how these manipulations happen.
  All right, we're gonna go to calls here in a minute.
  We got Larry and then we've got all these other callers like Trace and others we're gonna be getting to here in just a few minutes.
  And we have a special guest who really is an amazing person joining us.
  Alec Rosen is one of the premier pedo hunters and he's got some amazing new bust he's done.
  We're gonna be showing you clips of just to show the true underbelly of this satanic system.
  And how the globalists use children as their currency, that is all coming up here in just a few minutes.
  And then I'll continue hosting a little bit in the next fourth hour, but we will get to everybody here on the board one way or another.
  Please remember, and when I say this, it's 100% the truth.
  You've seen thousands of headlines, every newspaper, TV stations everywhere, Alex Jones is losing bankruptcy.
  We never expected in bankruptcy to have the judge nix out the quote liability from these ridiculous kangaroo court rigged juries where the judge told them we were guilty verdicts.
  We're on appeal and that'll take at least three years in the federal courts.
  We did the bankruptcy because we were out of money and we also wanted to then let the court see that we didn't have all these hundreds of millions that they were lying about.
  And I didn't know the other side had believed that or not.
  Now we know that they admit they know it was never true.
  They just said that.
  So, like I told you a year ago, we declare bankruptcy.
  We'll still be here if you support us.
  But if you hear all this and think, oh, the show's gone, you know, they say he lost, they announce that to make you give up.
  We'll be on air here.
  Worst case scenario, another year.
  Mid-scenario three years, and if we figure out a way to settle with these crazies, the Democratic Party is running it forever.
  But three years in this universe is a lifetime, and I can always do shows other places, but I don't want to shut down this infrastructure or this crew.
  Uh, but I mean, if they do that and are able to manipulate things to do it, it's not, it'll be a pyrrhic victory for them.
  Uh, in fact, in ways it'll, I mean, it's a great crew, great operation, but it's, it's pretty big compared to what I could be doing.
  And I'm going to be a lot leaner and a lot meaner.
  I'll just leave it at that.
  So, but I'm not a quitter.
  So I'll just keep giving them the fight, but, but let me tell you how much is they had to admit it in court last week.
  You know how much the three Democratic law firms have spent the last 12 months in bankruptcy trying to shut us down?
  $19.7 million.
  You know how much we've spent fighting them?
  $2 million.
  And I'm totally maxed out.
  The court makes me pay for a part of it.
  So...
  That's where this is.
  So, 2 million against their 19 million, folks.
  That's David versus Goliath, and it's just insane.
  So there's all these multi-tracks and appeals, and they've got another show trial for Sandy Hook coming up in Texas here in a few months.
  Oh, it'll be all over the news again.
  And we just don't give up, so we just get stronger.
  But that means you don't give up.
  So go get InfoWars Platinum.
  Incredible products.
  HH Max Boost, 7076 Testosterone Boost, Pain MD.
  They're amazing.
  We've had to extend the sale because they're about to update the shopping cart on Wednesday.
  So I don't just keep saying, hey, it's extended.
  It's extended.
  It really is extended because we don't have new specials.
  You know, we're about to sell out of DNA Force Plus, Real Red Pill Plus.
  And it's up to 60% off for InfoWars.
  Great nootropic.
  Brain Force Plus.
  All at InfoWarsStore.com, and it's the last days on the Brain Force Plus and on the Real Red Pill Plus and the DNA Force Plus.
  And there's Bodies Ultimate Tumor.
  We're selling out of Vitamin Refusion.
  They're all available.
  They're incredible, game-changing products.
  They keep us on air.
  Please go get some today and try it.
  Or if you tried it before and liked it, reorder.
  You get double Patriot Points.
  I mean, there's so much more.
   Infowarsstore.com America's not perfect.
   For instance, the colonies were founded, the US was founded, off of tobacco and
  whiskey.
   That's a fact. Sam Adams didn't just produce beer, he produced whiskey. He was one of the main...
  
  Patrons of George Washington that war.
  George Washington helped paint troops with liquor that he himself produced.
  That's an amazing part of Americana and we should use this responsibly.
  You know, sometimes I go four months before I have a cigar or before I have a glass of whiskey.
  But I tell you, there's a lot of great whiskey out there.
  But a few years ago, we ran into some great folks that are craft whiskey producers here in the United States.
  We're big listeners.
  And they said, we've got some of the best whiskeys produced in Kentucky, Tennessee, you name it, with people that won't turn over their whiskey to anybody else that they want to bring to you.
  And these guys put out some of the top names in the country.
  Some of the highest end specialties out there that sell for $500, $300 a bottle.
  And they said, but because we support you so much, I looked it up, it was true.
  We're going to let you sell this to people at a fraction of the price.
  We're going to come out with a Kentucky bourbon that is high quality for a fraction of the price because we want to support your broadcast.
  And that was about two years ago.
  I said, great, let's do it.
  Then about a year ago, they bottled it.
  It was a very special bottle.
  A collector's item.
  Conspiracy bourbon.
  And they tried to bring it into stores where they already had their other products.
  And all hell broke loose.
  And they went through so many attacks trying to bring this to the public.
  And that made me go from just letting them use my name to promote this to me getting fully behind it because they're trying to stop us.
  When we just launched this a day ago, they took away the banking of the company with the website ConspiracyBourbon.com, but they had it back up within just an hour.
  So they are literally trying to shut this down.
  They're so scared of us moving into the culture that the globalists control.
  If you don't drink, that's great.
  More power to you.
  But if you like a good bourbon, you like a good Kentucky bourbon, a good Kentucky whiskey, this is amazing.
   And folks, you've got to check out This bottle for yourself.
  If you've got a blacklight, this bottle is very, very special.
  No one that we've ever heard of has come up with a bottle like this, that when you put a blacklight on it, has all these secret messages.
  Yeah, the CIA created the term conspiracy theory, tried to demonize people that questioned official narratives after they killed Kennedy.
  But now we wear that attack like a badge of honor.
  and it's absolutely blown up in the system's face.
   So this is the first salvo in a whole product line to really take over the term conspiracy
  and use it to bring back our republic.
   Think of this as the opposite of Anheuser-Busch and Bud Light and Dylan Mulvaney.
   Think of this as the anti-Dylan Mulvaney, and that's what it is.
  There's only 10,000 bottles of this.
   I would imagine when many of you see this letter, you'll try to go buy it at conspiracyreporter.com.
  You want to be able to get it.
  This is exclusively available at ConspiracyBourbon.com.
  It's the only place you can get it.
  There's a lot of secrets about this bottle.
  A lot of special things that are about to be connected to it.
  Special reports.
  Investigative reports.
  You name it.
  Well, Palestinian mobs in the new Islamabad in Minneapolis, St.
   and give us your email particularly, we'll be basically brought in
  some very, very interesting, informative, exciting things.
   So share with yourself, your family, your friends, and others a glass of conspiracy at conspiracybourbon.com.
  God bless you all and thank you for your support.
   Well, Palestinian mobs in the new Islamabad of Minneapolis-St. Paul
  are pulling a Black Lives Matter event.
   They're blocking roads with city council members and pulling old white people out of their cars,
  beating them up.
  
  Hell, I'm surprised the jury's just gonna arrest all the old white men and put them in jail.
  Like they did with George Floyd.
  Get him, he's white!
  It's all ADL run.
  ADL's got this country by the balls.
  Get that old white man.
  Beat up his car.
  Pull him out of it.
  Ha ha!
  Nice people, huh?
  Supposed to bring more in so they can get on welfare and bitch at us all day.
  run around with their stupid ass flags.
   And that's what, you know, Minnesotans are really nice people, but boy, do they just roll over to it all.
  Bye.
  Man, those Muslims in there just run the show.
  They walk around, get in your face, tell you they're the boss.
  I've seen it.
  That's happened to me.
  I've been in, like, London videotaping the shooting footage of a big famous Trafalgar Square and Muslims walked over in nightgowns, you know, their outfits, and said, turn that off.
  I'm walking in front of you.
  They were, like, 20 feet away.
  And I said, hey, buddy, I'm from Texas, burning hell.
  They're like, whoa.
  And I'm like, yeah, I'm not one of these.
  Not trying to be mean to the Brits, but I'm not one of these people that bows down.
  And I said, OK.
  I was there with Watson and his brother.
  And I mean, you know what?
  You want to try to outnumber him and stuff, that's fine.
  But I'm not like the average person that's just going to sit there and pile on him and do all this stuff.
  First person attacks me is going to get their nose completely torn off their face.
  Then I'm going to pick up a trash can and I'm going to break it over your head.
  Then I'm going to pick up the next person after me and I'm going to body slam you, pile drive you straight in the ground and break your neck.
  So we'll see who's tough.
  And then you may overwhelm me up to that point, but a couple of you are going to the hospital.
  Some of you might die.
  So understand that's what you're about to have happen.
  And that's the veneer of civilization.
  Most people never turned on their vicious caveman.
  I know how.
  I know how to open the kill switch up.
  But don't worry.
  Once you start enough fights with people, they'll learn how to turn it on too.
  Does anybody can turn it on?
  Larry in Florida, you're on the air.
  Go ahead, thanks for calling.
  Hey Alex, how you doing today?
  Watching the Islamic takeover of America.
  I hope not, hope not, but yeah, pretty bad where it is.
  I had an interesting thought.
  When you had Ezra Levon on last week, you all talked a little bit about the Israel thing.
  Yes.
  And particularly, he was very favorably disposed towards the changes in the judicial system they were making.
   So I did a little research on that, and indeed the judicial system in Israel had started to become A little bit like the one in Brazil and you know what that did to Bolsonaro and in the election and throwing in the... I mean, I've researched it too.
  Yeah, the left is setting up a dictatorship through the judiciary there, just like they're kind of doing here.
  But the piece that then...
  Patrick Byrne, who's been on the show, I've heard him listen to you on the show a couple of times, came out with a video yesterday.
  Now, you know, he's a big software guy.
  That's basically what allowed Overstock.com to do so well, was he had been involved in software and he works software over in Israel.
   And he's done some digging and basically His explanation on the stand down and Biden's visit, which I was all ready to say Netanyahu was in trouble, just like you've said a couple of times.
  Hold on, I want to hear this.
  Don't hang up.
  We got Alex Rosen coming up, but he won't mind to sit there for a minute or two.
  I want to hear where you finish your point, Larry.
  We'll be right back.
  Well, our next guest is so prolific and so amazing, it's hard to even describe.
  He is the Predator Poacher.
  High five for kids on Twitter, Alex Rosen.
  We're going to him in just a moment, but I was finishing up with Larry in Florida, and he was talking about Patrick Byrne and the Overstock CEO, really smart guy, and what he was saying is really going on over in Israel.
  So go ahead and finish your point.
   Yeah, I will do, Alex, and I'll be quick, but basically what Patrick is saying is, There's a software company in Israel, they're one of the biggest software developers in the world now, but there's a company called Paragon, which does most of the Israeli military and defense software, and a bunch of the Obama left-behinds, and Obama became involved in it.
  So that's the backdrop that Byrne suggested.
  And then what he's basically saying is that this is about regime change because the conservatives, Netanyahu being, whether you like what he said about the vaccines, which I think is horrific, and I was ready to believe, you know, most anything about him.
   But what he's basically saying is they're looking at regime change I'm not on some bandwagon bashing at Yahoo.
  I've just been calling it like it is.
  But absolutely, they could have used their people in the government.
   that half the government's left us or more to stand down to then say that
   Yetnyahu did it, because we know the Rothschilds and you all know Harari
   say that he's a dictator and they want to remove him so absolutely. Yeah, he's saying CIA was into it,
   Mossad, part of Mossad was into it,
   and if you design the software and the warning systems and all that,
  gives you the opportunity to be able to tinker with that.
  And so he's basically saying they're going to do regime change and they may try and go back to that previous prime minister, who, by the way, was 30 time visitor to Epstein's Island.
  So it's probably compromised, if nothing else.
  Anyhow, it's a 24 minute video that he put out yesterday that I'm sure your crew can pull up.
  But very interesting.
   And Biden, his take on Biden, Biden went over there to deliver Don't invade Gaza, period.
  Or we won't support you.
  And that's what will create, when ultimately, if they don't invade, that's what will create the internal pressure for the regime change.
  So, there it is, us doing regime change again.
  I think it makes a lot of sense.
  I know that a globalist won't get Yahoo gone.
  I've just looked at all the angles.
  I mean, that's what I said, is I know there's a stand-down.
  I don't know if his own government turned against him or what, or he's involved.
  There's clearly a stand-down.
  Thank you so much.
  Great points.
  All right, Alex Rosen is an amazing guy, and he doesn't really need any introduction.
  Most folks know who he is, Predator Poachers.
  I fight for kids, one word on Twitter.
  He's an independent journalist and founder of the Predator Poachers, a group of friends that go around the country catching online child predators.
  They have an arrested...
  In 41 states, his latest confrontation with the vaccine-promoting pediatrician Dr. Peter Hotez went viral after Joe Rogan challenged Hotez to a charity debate on vaccines with RFK Jr.
  And to try to keep track of all he's done is just impossible.
  They're busting people sometimes every day.
  These are sickening videos, but we're going to be airing some of these here in a few minutes.
   But just to get his take on the awareness Of how big the child predator movement is worldwide, what he thinks now in the aftermath of the Sound of Freedom, and what some of his latest victories have been.
  So Alex, thanks for joining us.
  How's it going?
  Good, man.
  I don't know where to start.
  I mean, you've got so many amazing things you've done, and it seems like every day I see some new incredible event.
  I just want to focus on it, and as a leading expert on, you know, the pedo drag queen times and all this, just how would you big picture describe what's happening in the world?
  Is it getting worse, or are we just waking up to how bad it was, and then what are some of your latest exploits?
   Well, I think it's always for years and years and years people have been attracted to children and I think the internet brings it out of people gives them an outlet to go do that in more ways than just molesting kids but you know coincidentally a lot of the people we do catch trying to do this stuff online they have done it with kids in person before but you know now it's just at a point where They can engage in pedo activities every single second of the day if they want to, rather than just opportunistic when they're around children.
  But recently, we've just came back from a three-week, 24-bus trip, and we were in Amarillo, Texas two days ago, where we finished it off, and we caught a guy who was into snuff films of children and to dogs.
  Wow, and I know you sent me a bunch of videos.
  Do we have the one that's into snuff films here?
  It's not out yet.
  Wow, and then I saw this one about a month ago with a guy that brought a pizza and flowers and you'd busted him before and now he was already out just a few months later trying to grab little girls.
  I mean, this is insane.
  Yeah, David Morris is his name, and after he got out of jail over the weekend, he either got an ROR bond, which means that they didn't give him any price to pay, they just let him out with a future court date, or he gave him a low bond.
  He hit up our same exact decoy account and tried to meet us again, so we gave him a story that we moved to, like, St.
  Louis, a city called University City that's in that county.
  And he redownloads all of his child porn that we busted him for and he takes a five-hour train ride to meet the same girl he thought he was meeting.
  That's him right there.
  And he gets arrested for child pornography again.
  So right now he's currently on house arrest with an ankle monitor on and you know, I don't think he stopped.
  Well the reason I think this guy is so important in all these videos is you're catching the kind of Renfield zombie ghoul level.
   You've also busted some smarter ones but There's obviously more intelligent people like Epstein and others that are operating in the shadows, a lot of them intelligence agencies, but these are like vampires that they can't stop.
  No matter what, they keep trying to do it, and many of them do actually kidnap and abuse and hurt children.
  Why in the hell, I was going from memory, I thought he was out in a few months, he was out in a few days.
  How in the, he has child porn of children being raped, he's trying to meet with a young girl, how the hell is he not in jail?
  Well, so with Lake County, Indiana, East Chicago, the word Chicago kind of speaks for itself on why he wasn't in jail for more than two days.
  But in St.
  Louis County, surprisingly, they've been really good to us, despite it being a very left county.
  And he was in jail on a $250,000 cash-only bond, but his lawyer basically bullshitted and said, I'm sorry, BS and said that, oh, but we have a, he has a medical issue.
  So they let him out on house arrest.
  There's a future court date coming up on November 17th, and we'll see what happens then.
  And boy, do these guys fit the bill of what a pedo looks like.
  I mean, they look ghoulish.
  Yeah.
  No, I'm in person.
  The video doesn't do it justice with how ghoulish he looks in person.
  Like we even said, he looks like a walking corpse, and he's not going to stop unless he's in a prison cell or stuff I can't say on air.
  You were a football player, all the rest of it.
  I remember your story, how you saw this up in the news.
  Surely there's not this many predators.
  So you went out just one time and tried to catch one and instantly got one on the line.
  You're like, whoa.
  So you discovered just how deep this goes.
  But to me, this is spiritual.
  And it literally is about vampirism of innocence of children.
  And when you see them, it is literally like their demonic husk.
  Is that true?
  Here you are with the Jesse Smollett guys that are now on your side.
  I mean, this is just insane.
  This is wild.
  No, that's exactly what it is, because, you know, me and you can look at a beautiful woman walking down the street and just, you know, think some stuff in their mind of what you want to do to them, but never would we act on it without, like, you know, obviously, permission.
  But it's deeper than just an attraction to kids with people like, you know, that, oh, that's a snuff film guy, there you go, with people like that.
  He, um, I mean, it's not only an attraction, but they can't contain themselves.
  Like, they can't just say, ah, she's beautiful, but I'm not going to do anything.
   I mean, it is like literally like a zombie-like vampire thing where they're just, So attractive to them that there's nothing that's gonna get in their way.
  That's not temporary.
  It's just wild.
  So I want to play some of these clips and if we do have the snuff film guy, I want to get that ready first.
  But people are fascinated by the work you do.
  Recap how you got involved, how long you've been doing this, and it seems like you're per capita way more successful than even law enforcement agencies, both federal and local at this, and if so, why?
  Well, we've been doing this for four years.
  Started doing this when I was 19.
  I'm 23 now, but I know I look a lot older, but, you know, dealing with these types of people can definitely age you.
   And, you know, law enforcement definitely Does this pretty well, but their hands are constrained.
  It's just like anything else.
  When it's private sector, it's going to be more efficient.
  I mean, you hear the stories about health care in Canada, how much the wait times are.
  It's a similar thing with this.
  I mean, when we just don't really have any bureaucracy holding us back, we're able to just go do it on a whim.
  Like the guy with the snuff film guy we caught in Amarillo, I'm just like, all right, well, I'm going to drive nine hours to Amarillo just to go get this guy.
  But if it was like the government, it'd be like, OK, well, we got to check this.
  We need the funding for that.
  They'd have to check with the jurisdiction.
  They'd have to, yeah.
  So, yeah, no, it's a lot of freedom.
  I like it.
  I want to get back into this in a moment, but let's recap what happened with Hotez and what happened there, because that was the top story for about a week in the country.
  Yeah, yeah, no.
   Yeah, well, I confront people that harm children, and I think Peter Hotez is no exception, you know, not in the pedophilic way, but You know, what he's done with the vaccines and pushing those heart attack shots, I think it was more than justified to confront him about stuff and at least ask him questions, because that's what we do.
  And, you know, obviously he didn't answer any of them.
  He doesn't acknowledge, he still doesn't acknowledge that vaccine injuries are very real, or at least give his opinion on that, or at least he can just call us wrong about it and just stick by that he thinks they don't exist, but of course he knows they exist.
  That's why I went inside.
  And, yeah, I mean, I think people like that at least need to be questioned in person, like, because being on Twitter, you know, we think that we're winning the war because we're on Twitter now and we can say stuff about vaccines.
  That's such an easy way to placate us.
  I mean, it's going to take a little bit more than tweeting stuff.
  Well, I'll say this.
  Hotez is one creepy looking dude.
  And, uh, yeah, and I totally agree with you.
  It's the same spirit.
  I just learned last week, and I couldn't believe it, they give $100,000 here in the U.S.
  to every pediatrician that shoots up 100 or more under twos with the shots.
  They have bounties on the babies.
  I didn't even know that, but that makes a lot of sense.
  Yeah, no.
  I think the vaccine is my biggest issue.
  I think it's terrible.
  That's why I'm off the Trump train, because he doesn't acknowledge that vaccine injuries exist either.
  And, you know, I don't care if they're mandated or not.
  Pushing that poison, that's not a sign of leadership.
  And that's really why I'm off the whole Trump train.
  No, I agree with you.
  It's paradoxical.
  The shine is off, but then they're indicting him and trying to shut him down.
  I'm not a lesser of two evils, but man, him versus Gavin Newsom or Big Mike.
  How do you, I'm not judging you for not supporting Trump, but at the same time, it really gives me pause, like, well, I mean, I can't help but say his persecution's wrong.
  They're trying to take our right to vote for him away.
   Yeah, no, I agree, and that's one of the reasons that if it was Trump or somebody else, I would still vote for Trump, but reluctantly, knowing that I am voting for the lesser of the two evils here, but yeah, no, what they're doing to him is very messed up, but I think voting for him would be a sign of Um, just, it'd be like a moral victory, like the attitude of the country's turning around.
  Like, it's like the attitude of voting for him that, you know, we're done with the woke stuff, the PC stuff, and that's, that's I think the bigger picture they're voting for Trump, not Trump himself.
  Exactly.
  So before you were a hard charger, loved the guy like I did, and now it's like, oh man, you know, it's just... Yeah, now it's like, I want my stocks to kind of go up, so... get some other stuff, so that's pretty much it.
  All right, which clip?
  You sent us a bunch.
  Kind of chronicle for us a few of the latest.
  You said you were on a few week long trip and then how many busts?
  24 and 21 days.
  Yeah, the last one was in Amarillo two days ago, and I think, I don't know, I have my time warped up now because we're on the road all the time.
  But it was two days ago.
  His name is Jonathan Villegas.
  He's currently in Potter County Jail, unless he's bailed out, I don't know.
   But yeah, he got charged with possession of child pornography under 10 years old, and the stuff he was into Was extremely sickening.
  Um, he was pretty honest about it because, you know, I just came off nonjudgmental to him and he just spilled the beans.
  And then when the cops came, he just said everything on their body cam.
  So it's a pretty easy case, I'd say.
  But yeah, I mean, other than that, we caught a guy in Iowa, uh, by the name of Kevin Cook, and he admitted to producing child pornography of his own six year old daughter and molesting her actively.
  So he's not arrested yet, but it's under active investigation.
  And I think that could potentially be our longest sentence once he's convicted.
  You know, I like children.
  I like playing games with them, you know, cooking food for them, having fun.
  They're so innocent, I have zero sexual attraction.
  I cannot imagine...
  Being attracted to a child.
  Do we have statistics or numbers?
  It seems like it's growing.
  It's being culturally promoted.
  Or was it always there and it just now has more venues to be exposed?
  I mean, you study all this.
  What are the real numbers?
  And is there any particular country that's the capital of this?
  Seems like the Netherlands is bad.
  The UK is bad.
  Belgium is really bad.
  France is bad.
  I mean, who's the capital?
  Well, recently we've kind of been getting a hold of people in child pornography rings.
  We've caught like, I think, eight people in one group or something like that.
  And that's all coming from South America.
  But, you know, it's happening in every country.
  But the people, there's a bunch of groups on this app called WhatsApp, of course, we all know that, called WhatsApp, where all these child pornography groups are in Spanish and the group leaders are in Spanish.
  And we're not sure yet if they're producing any of the images or not, or if they're getting it from somewhere else, but a lot of PDs that we've dealt with recently are actively investigating.
  So that gives credence to the whole, you know, investigation in the movie and the rest of it about the Sound of Freedom.
  And that's a better question.
  I was asking who are the biggest consumers, but you're saying clearly Central South America are the biggest producers.
  Um, recently that we've seen, yeah, or it could be like Eastern Europe, South, uh, like Thailand, stuff like that, because I do ask the predators, like, and you can watch this on Rumble.com, Predator Poachers, completely free to go watch.
  I ask them, like, well, what race are the kids, what race are the kids that this is happening to?
  Very rarely are they saying, like, white.
  It's all, like, Hispanic or Asian or Indian, stuff like that.
  Just countries that, you know, kind of don't value life like we do.
  And again, that's a positive for the West.
  We think of ourselves as the capital of this, but really, we might be the capital for watching it, but it looks like the capital for producing it is in countries that don't have a high value on human life.
  Yeah, I think we're definitely the capital for watching it, for sure.
  But yeah, the producers are almost never here.
  Like, you know, the guy we caught in Iowa, he was a producer as well, but he really wasn't a big-time distributor, at least not yet, you know.
  So what is your honest opinion?
  Because there's been a lot of controversy around it on the whole situation with the movie and the people that are involved in it.
  What's your view on the Underground Railroad and all that?
  Like the thing that Tim Ballard used to run?
  Well, um, I do have some opinions on that.
  Um, so I don't like that they kind of embezzled our numbers.
  So, um, the organization has been around since 2013, so like 3,600 days, and they claim to have over 4,000, been a part of over 4,000 operations, which makes absolutely zero sense.
   That means for 10 straight years, They're doing over one a day, so they're obviously lying about their numbers.
  And Tim Ballard himself, some weird tactics could have been used.
  I don't really know too much about that either way.
  But he definitely lies about numbers to get donations it looks like.
  From what I understand, too, it kind of came out that they take the money and just give it to other organizations.
  They don't even actually do much themselves, which, you know, kind of makes sense because there's no way they have 4,000 in 3,600 days.
  So, yeah, I mean, at the very least, he's a liar at the most.
  He's, you know, a lot worse than that.
  And he's also, I think, a Freemason, too, so I don't trust any of that stuff.
  But, I mean, just to be fair, I think the movie has brought a lot of awareness, or is there a dark side to it?
  No, it's definitely brought a lot of awareness.
  Like, there's good and bad in everything.
  You know, and human trafficking is very real.
  It's definitely not a conspiracy theory that it exists.
  And kind of seeing the left's heads explode saying, oh, this is a QAnon conspiracy, this and that, it makes them look really bad and kind of exposes the lie.
  Well, yeah, to see the left basically attack the movie and defend this stuff.
  And of course, that's my next question.
  We've really seen the LGBT groups become LGBTQPS, literally a target, because I went and saw it myself, and I saw some people wearing it, in Austin and in Nebraska of all places, with devils with babies in their arms saying Pride Month, and it says demon in the middle of Pride Month, makes the word demon, and so now the left really is embracing pedophilia and Satanism, from what I've seen.
   Yeah, yeah, it used to go from Like, see, this happened in real time, like, with the whole trans kids thing.
  Like, it used to be like, oh, no, no kids are transitioning, too.
  Oh, now it's a good thing.
  I mean, it's happened in real time.
  But yeah, no, it's the same thing.
  Like, they denied being Satanists, and now they're saying that, well, Satanism's better than Christianity and stuff, and I'm like...
  It's insane, but you kind of realize for some people there's no line where they're going to turn around and be like, whoa, OK, this is just a little bit messed up.
  They're that deep into the whole tribal mentality, and it's really worrying.
  Exactly.
  And now the social engineers can add any letter they want to the tribe, and they'll support it.
  Yeah.
  Oh, exactly.
  And, um, I mean, the UN coming out saying that there can be consensual sex between a kid and an adult.
  And crazy enough, that's how we get the predators to confess because no predator, I mean, well, maybe one out of a hundred is going to say, yeah, I wanted to force myself onto them, blah, blah, blah.
  But even, even when it comes to like them molesting kids, I'm like, well, I'm sure this 10 year old, your 10 year old daughter came onto you and did some stuff.
  And they're like, well, yeah, that is what happened.
  So then I did this.
  I mean, it's crazy how much they gaslight themselves into saying that it can be consensual.
  I want to come back in a few minutes.
  We don't break for a while and play a bunch of these clubs here.
  But I'm asking the questions here and that's not good.
  You're the expert.
  What else is front and center for you?
  Well, you know, I don't really look too far ahead.
  Just got to keep on going.
  And we got the Northeast coming up soon.
   We got a really big What's the worst part of the U.S.
  to go get so I'm excited about that.
  Hopefully our first arrest in May.
  And yeah, I got some other stuff so we'll see.
  What's the worst part of the US from your research?
   Worst cop response is Kern County, California where Bakersfield is.
   They, that whole county can, you know, that whole, if you're gonna be a Chomo dude in that county,
  it's been ridiculous.
   But the worst place for predators I'd say is we get the most from Ohio.
  Really?
  Wow.
  So what do they do in that area of California?
  They just won't respond?
  They do respond, but they don't take up any of our cases.
  So we caught a guy named Jeffrey Lee who said he, and I quote, received infant porn twice a day.
  And I was telling the cop this, and the cop's like... The cop's just looking at him, deleting stuff off his phone, didn't even talk to him or take his phone.
  He just told me to get off their property and that was it.
  It's ridiculous.
  Yeah, it's really bad.
  Why do you think that city is so evil?
  It's the whole county.
  Kern County's giant.
  It's like two hours each way.
  I think the district attorney needs to be replaced.
  He's terrible.
  I don't know.
  I hope a lot of people in Bakersfield are watching this right now.
  But your district attorney has let off two sex offenders there.
  No police response on any of them.
  No follow-up.
  No nothing.
  And yeah, that district attorney needs to be out of there.
  I don't even know his name.
  I don't even want to look at him.
  Well I don't let, most of my children are grown up now, I'm getting old, time flies, but I've got one still at home, six and a half, we don't let her online or any of these things, but I see the news, I talk to their parents, they let their children play online games and I see in the news, we see these zombie-like predators that just can't stop, they just, 24 hours, I mean, how dangerous is it to let your children, your little girls and boys get on these online games where they can talk to people?
  Um, it's, it's bad.
  Um, you know, I played Roblox as a kid and I didn't deal with any of that stuff, but, um, it's definitely something to be wary for.
  Like, I won't say just don't let them have a childhood because of it, but we caught a sex offender in Osage County, Oklahoma, um, twice convicted sex offender.
  And he told me that he was playing with an eight year old girl on Roblox and asking her these sexual questions.
  And, um, then he coincidentally had 1500 images of child porn.
  Y'all can watch that one on Rumbles, Predator Poachers, Bartlesville.
  It's a growing cult that governments and the left are defending all over the planet.
  Why would the Democrats hitch their wagon to pedophilia?
  We'll ask that question of Alex Rosen when we come back and play some of these sickening clips.
  Warning, these are some disgusting looking people that will make your skin crawl.
  Stay with us.
   Alex Rosen, I know that When we got sent child porn in our email a bunch, it was so horrible when employees accidentally opened it that they quit.
  And then we caught the other side sitting hidden in messages hoping we'd open it.
  Of course we didn't.
  But I've been blessed that I've never actually looked at it.
  But though I've seen the books that are in the public schools, the middle schools, that are graphic images of pedophilia.
  There's this paradox where you don't want to talk about it or show it on air, even blur it out, because you're almost like contributing to it, but at the same time, you've got to show it to people.
  And I have listeners and affiliates call us, and I agree with them at one level, and say, please don't get graphic or talk about this.
  Just like the parents that get arrested at school boards or city councils, including one of our own reporters, the police took her out.
  They didn't arrest her.
  She had kids in the sixth grade, and they had this book she was showing and trying to read, and they wouldn't let her read it.
  They kicked her out.
  You can't read it in public, but you can give it to a 11-year-old or a 10-year-old.
  How do you deal with that?
  Because it's not just the movie, The Sound of Freedom, where the guy has to quit because it's too horrible seeing it.
  But I've read that and seen that and talked to other cops that have been involved.
  They say it's not a job most people can do for very long.
  And again, you're somebody that just kind of ran into this and then wanted to help people.
  But how have you been able to handle this?
  Because I know I've aged a lot caring about people and being engaged just in studying all this evil.
  But I'll be honest with you, I couldn't do what you do.
  I couldn't be around those people.
  I would probably punch them.
  I'd probably be in jail.
  I mean, how have you been able to do this?
  Well, I don't know.
  I think I've always had a thick skin about a lot of things.
  Alex Rose is our guest.
  His Skype just cut out.
  We're going to reconnect with him right now.
  I'm going to start playing some of these clips now.
  Alex, you back?
  Yeah, yeah.
  You were saying you've always had a thick skin.
  Go ahead.
  Yeah, yeah.
  I've always had a thick skin.
  So, I mean, in high school I was like one of the only white kids, especially on the football team.
  So, you know, I'd always get called this and that.
  I would always sling it back to them, too.
  Like, you know, I was never one-sided.
  I learned to just talk crap to people.
  Well, you're also not a little guy, so...
  Right, right, exactly.
  So I think like that helps just being able to hear stuff and not let it affect you and get to you and stuff like that.
  And then it's also a job, too.
  Like, you know, this is my career.
  So if I want to do my job effectively, I can't let emotions get in the way of it because, yeah, it would be gratifying.
  Well, I'm asking for myself.
  How do you do it?
  Because I have trouble doing that.
  I can isolate myself.
  I can be like a doctor that's at an ER at night.
   I get you have to be What's the term they use for it?
  You still care, but you're able to be separate from it.
  Right.
  Yeah.
  No, exactly.
  You just got to remove yourself from all emotions, just realize it's a job.
  But, um, yeah, I mean, there's different stuff that just grosses people out.
  And, um, just hearing what they say doesn't really, um, have an effect on me anymore.
  Like it used to really piss me off, but now I'm just kind of numb to it.
  So I think that's a big factor as well.
  All right, well, you sent us a bunch of videos, and I've got a bunch more.
  Let's just start with a few minutes.
  Who's the pizza guy you already busted before with the flowers?
  What's his name?
  David Morris.
  I think we're going to play the second time you bust him.
  name here it is.
  David.
  My name's Gordon.
  Nice to meet you, bro.
  Alright, how do you know me by name?
  Well, we gotta talk about Emily.
  Okay?
  Okay.
  Let's go to a quiet place if you don't mind.
  And that's for safety.
  We're not gonna hurt you.
  Are those yours over there?
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Awesome.
  Okay.
  Beautiful.
  Well, you're sweet.
  Uh, we just... Here.
  Is that your stuff here?
  Yeah.
  Wanna just go behind here so nobody can overhear what we're talking about?
  Okay.
  Alright.
  It's awesome, man.
  Hot day, huh?
  Oh, yeah.
  Very hot.
  Alright.
  Well, nobody's here to hurt you, take any money from you, anything like that.
  Okay.
  Could you kind of scoot back a little bit?
  Okay.
  Yeah.
  So, my name's Gordon.
  Sorry to meet you like this.
  Okay.
  Absolutely.
  What is all this for, man?
  So, that's for safety, because, you know, I'm a big guy, they're big guys, and, you know, none of us want to hurt you, and I want you to be assured that we're not going to do that, man.
  Okay.
  We just want to talk about what's going on, you know, because, obviously, you're a good dude.
  Yeah.
  Emily's a good person.
  We just want to make sure everything's cool here, okay?
  I talked to your mom many times over the phone.
  You did?
  Oh, yes.
  Okay.
  So, for you, yeah.
  Okay, so how old's your mom?
  Okay, and how old's Emily?
  Okay, awesome, awesome.
  So, I think y'all have been talking for a little bit?
  Off and on, just about shit?
   Okay, awesome, awesome. So, I think y'all have been talking for a little bit?
  Uh, yeah, off and on.
  Off and on, just about shit?
  Yeah.
  Do you work at all?
  Uh, no, I'm self-employed.
  But I'm retired.
  I'm retired.
  You're retarded?
  Retarded to retire?
  Retarded.
  Okay, okay.
  Got it.
  You got that thick Midwest accent there, man.
  No, I'm sorry.
  Okay, no, you're good.
  I love it.
  I love this area.
  Okay, so, you know, obviously there's quite a few things to unpack here, I'm sure as you know.
  Okay.
  Can we sit down?
  Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
  Absolutely.
  I don't want to stand over you, man.
  I know you're older, and I'm fat, so we both gotta sit down.
  No, no, hey, weight don't matter, okay?
  Weight does not matter.
  Okay, got it.
  Okay, so Emily's 11, blah.
  Yeah.
  So kind of what's going on?
  Like, when did this kind of stuff start for you, man?
  Because, you know, I don't want someone like you to be down any type of path you shouldn't be on.
  Okay, no, I'm not no pedophile.
  I know you're not, I know you're not.
  I mean, I got kids of my own.
  Right.
  Yeah, I got four, I raised three daughters and one son.
  Awesome.
  Oh no, I'm not saying that.
  That's why I don't want people getting the wrong idea.
  Um, when she requested me on Facebook, yeah, I confirmed it, you know, and then that was it.
  And then, uh, then, uh, we just started doing video calling.
  I talked to my mom all the time over the phone.
  You know, everything I did, you know.
  Okay.
  So, I mean, like, kind of, when did this kind of Facebook stuff start for you, this Telegram stuff, that type of stuff?
  Because, you know, I don't want you to... I never talked to her on Telegram, no.
  No, no, no, I mean, like, just this type of stuff in general, like, not just with Emily, just in general.
  Maybe about three weeks ago.
  Three weeks ago?
  Yeah.
  Three weeks before Emily or three weeks ago?
  Uh, three weeks altogether with Emily.
  Alright, I'm not going to play the rest of it.
  With Alex, for viewers, he then basically, it all blurs together with these guys.
  He starts admitting he has a bunch of stuff on his phone, and then the police come, and how did he end up getting arrested?
  Well, um, so basically he was so comfortable with us that I had him show the child porn on his phone to the cops in that video.
  If you just type in Predator Poachers East Chicago on Rumble, you'll be able to see that whole video.
  It's completely free.
  Um, yeah, he shows the cop the child porn.
  Fast forward to the end, folks.
  To the crew.
  It's a long video.
  Fast forward to the end.
  Go ahead.
  Keep going.
  Yeah.
  And, uh, yeah, no.
  And so he gets out three days later, messages us again.
  And then we just set him up again, and he just has child porn again, and he gets arrested again, and I think this can happen ten times before he starts to realize that we're not real.
  He's able to talk.
  He doesn't come off as retarded, but there's honestly something wrong with him.
  I mean, beyond being a pedophile.
  Yeah, no, and I talked to two of his kids a few days ago on the phone, and they were just like, he actually did get arrested for child pornography in the early 2000s.
  He was taking pictures of kids in the neighborhood, and just, I don't know, God, he's just, he's been at this for a long time, to say the least.
  Any idea, statistically, how many of these ghouls are out there, say, in the U.S.?
   Well, I think it's 5% of the population, so 300 million divided by Ah, crap.
  Maybe like 15 million, 20 million?
  I think it's that many.
  I asked the question before break, why would the Democrats, and I'll just hear liberal parties everywhere, openly endorse this and Hollywood promote it and like make it a part of their platform?
  You know, politically, I don't know why they would do that, why they think it's a smart idea.
  But, you know, if they have control of the elections, then, you know, they can do kind of whatever they want.
  But, you know, there's really not a good reason why they're pushing it besides just people are evil.
  And I think a lot of people don't realize that.
  In America, evil just exists and people are just truly evil.
  And people that are pedophiles are evil.
  Like, evil doesn't just exist in Germany in the 40s, it's everywhere.
  And I think people don't realize that.
   Well, the good news is, These guys look pretty obvious, at least the ghoul types, but look at this.
  You mentioned that area of California.
  Former CHIP officer was assigned to that area, convicted of trying to meet minor for sex.
  So, you know, it seems like there's quite a bit of this.
  Now, I don't know if you released the full video yet.
  I don't know how much we can play because of time, but remind us, who's the guy that's into snuff porn or killing people or watching videos of killing people?
  Uh, Jonathan Villegas in Amarillo, Texas, he watched, he said he watched a snuff film of what looked to be a six-year-old girl getting choked out to death.
  And, uh, he, uh, yeah, he's, he's into that shit, uh, stuff, sadly.
  Well, let's not play the whole thing.
  He told us to skip ahead, but go ahead and roll some of that.
  The man himself, isn't it?
  Nice to meet you, man.
  Nice to meet you, too.
  Let's see what it is.
  Let me show you something good.
  It's about some stuff on Signal and WhatsApp and Telegram.
  We've got to go over, alright?
  What I want to talk to you about is some of these groups, especially like on Signal and WhatsApp, Telegram.
  Do you know what kind of groups I'd be talking about right now?
  Okay, yeah, absolutely.
  So how does this kind of start, like in general?
  I don't know, I just, I was looking for a lot of stuff and I guess people were posting that stuff.
  What app would you say is the most extreme with this type of stuff?
  Signal.
  That's the one I've seen.
  And what about Telegram?
  What have they posted there?
  I know there's a few people.
  I know there was one guy posting it.
  Not that I've seen.
  Mm-hmm.
  Individuals.
  anything on there that they've posted?
  Nothing, I've seen.
  Okay, so has it just been CP on Telegram and Signal?
  Mm-hmm.
   Okay, so on Telegram was this like groups or individuals doing it?
  Individuals.
  Individuals, okay.
  How many people sent you stuff on Telegram?
  If you had to guess.
  I'd guess a lot.
  I don't know.
  I haven't checked in a while.
   you like pictures videos or both or I don't know I haven't checked in a while
   well when they would send you stuff what would it be like pictures videos or both
   or what was happening some of the videos that you can remember mainly girls okay
   I think they were the pepito dads No, pedo moms.
  Pedo moms.
  What's that?
  I guess moms with their kids.
  How old were some of the kids, if you had to guess?
  Like, give me a number.
  Toddler age and shit.
  Toddler?
  Got it.
  Anybody send stuff like infants and stuff?
  Yeah.
  Yeah?
  How often?
  A lot.
  A lot?
  Were these like videos of infants?
  I think so.
  What were some of the things happening in those videos?
  Some straight up sex and all that.
  With little babies?
  I think so.
  You think so?
  Or it was happening?
  I think it was.
   It got pretty bad and I was like, I guess they were sharing some of the truly What would we like truly fucked up?
  Some of them were snuffed.
  With infants?
  Mm-hmm.
  So would these little babies, was it like rape then getting killed?
  Yeah.
  Yeah?
  And this is getting sent on signal?
  Yeah.
  Okay.
  Take me through the first second, and as best as you can remember, don't make up shit, but take me through like the first second to what happens at the end.
  Uh, the rape and then the, I think at least one of them had her choking, choking them out.
  Choking them to death?
  Yeah.
  How old was the kid getting choked to death?
  At least five or six.
  So you're the silver T-Grex 4?
  Mm-hmm.
  Okay.
  I asked for some things, and I was like curious.
  What did you ask for?
  The animal stuff.
  Okay.
  Was it, I think, an animal and a toddler or something like that?
  Okay.
  Because I was seeing if they'd post it again.
  Right.
  What animals were you kind of curious about watching with kids?
  Dogs.
  Okay.
  I know.
  All right, so let's stop right here.
  I can't watch anymore.
   The point is, this is the consumer, but they're the people that are helping this happen, and I've seen the reports for decades.
  I've been on it for 29 years.
  I've seen FBI reports and things 20 years ago where it was in Russia and it was like little toddlers get raped by a bunch of men and they blow their heads off.
  Dogs eating children.
  You know, they got to get more, more, more, more, more.
  And really as the society declines, I guess that's where people are going.
  It's just unspeakable.
  I think it goes back to the main premise of The Sound of Freedom, Alex Rosen.
  How do we stop the producers of this?
  I mean, I get going after the consumers, that's how you're able to catch them, but how are the... I mean, we know they have busted a lot of producers, but they caught the CIA back in the 80s with a big warehouse of snuff films and kids and doing that in DC with the...
  Yeah, I would not be surprised.
  I mean, that Finders stuff is 100% real.
  with time and exposes it.
   So it seems like the top of the pyramid here is, you know, if you go into Epstein, Epstein's Island,
   it looks to me like intelligence agencies are involved in this.
  Yeah, I would not be surprised.
  I mean, that Finder stuff is 100% real.
   And yeah, I mean, it's crazy 'cause you would think that, I mean, if it's easy for just a 23-year-old
   and, you know, a team of people that are just kind of, you know, know each other online to find out
   about these groups and get a list of numbers and stuff like that.
   I think those governments, wherever it's being produced, whether it's here or in South America, wherever,
   they just need to step up and go do it because it's not hard to track someone's IP.
  I don't know how to do it, but I'm sure if I had the technology the government has, we definitely would be doing it.
  And they just need to step up, man, but sadly, they just don't.
  Yeah, it's a tragic situation.
  I want to play clip three.
  Child predator doesn't think talking sexually to an 11-year-old should be a crime.
  Go ahead and play clip three.
  I don't think this should be a crime at all.
  I mean, and if something does come of it, can I, like I said, I got sealed.
  I got about three months to go.
  And I have COPD, diabetes 2, and a third, like, degree, whatever they called it, and hypertension.
  I mean, I'm gonna die.
  And there's no... I would never... I would never jeopardize that.
  Somebody sent me a clip of him admitting to watching a child porn video.
  No, I did not.
  I did not watch...
  What's sad is this guy looks like he's about to die, and instead of trying to get right with God and see his kids or grandkids, he's trying to see child porn.
  Yeah, that guy's name is Jack Rickman of Roxbury, Wyoming.
  He is on the sex offender registry for...
  Having a kid perform oral sex on him.
  And yeah, he was messaging our 11-year-old decoy very sexually, and he admits to us when we interviewed him that he goes on the dark web to watch child pornography.
  These people never stop, and as you can see, they never think they do anything wrong.
  I mean, they are just depraved people, like you said, demonic.
  Let's play a clip to Alex Rosen, the child predator we're currently confronting on an in-and-out reservation.
  Just got cuffed and stuffed in a cop car.
  Here it is.
  How's it going?
  We're just having a conversation here with Michael Peter, right?
  That's her name?
  Okay, just be truthful.
  What's going to happen?
  Okay, just tell me if I'm wrong.
  You were basically here to have sex with who you thought was a 13-year-old and you brought a condom, am I correct?
  Yes.
  And those messages were pretty much what you said?
  Yes.
  Okay, and this condom was supposed to be worn when you were having sex with her?
  Well, let's start here because we're new to this investigation that you had going.
  So, let's do the first things first.
  Yeah.
  Well, no.
  Stand up.
  Turn around.
  Face that way.
  I'm going to pat you down real quick.
  Your phone there.
  Any weapons?
  Double masking.
  Alright.
  I'm just going to detain you right now.
  Okay?
  Until we figure out a little more of what's going on.
  But so far I've enough to detain you.
  Okay?
  But we're going to get to the phone.
  Now you're going to come over here.
  Doesn't look good.
  But we'll cross that bridge when we get there, okay?
  But right now you're clean.
  I'm not going to talk to you about anything yet.
  But I'd like to talk to you folks a little more.
  Okay?
  What's your last name?
  So what ended up happening with that guy?
  Well, San Bernardino County, California, which, by the way, is total opposite of Kern County.
  They're great.
  They ended up dumping his phone.
  So on top of the messages of trying to meet up with a 13-year-old girl, he also had child pornography.
  So it's probably going to be a one- to two-year sentence in California, which is really long for that, by the way, in California.
  So, yeah, he's not good for him.
  Let's go to the next clip.
  Let's go to one.
  He wanted to shower with a 12-year-old and her 8-year-old sister.
  Where is this?
  Uh, gotta see the clip.
  Play the clip, here it is.
  And then Brooke said, Brooke said, like the stuff we do like in the shower, talking about her sister joining, um, how old did she say her sister was?
  I don't think she was.
  Okay, was she younger or older, you think?
  I think she was older than four people.
  Okay.
  See?
  I'm not sure.
  Okay.
  So, Brooke says here, I mean, I wouldn't care, but she might get mad if she couldn't join us.
  And then, uh, here he said... Man, who is this guy?
  Um, his name is Jeff Trost of Vancouver, Washington.
  I don't think he's been arrested yet, but, um, yeah, he, that guy's a monster.
  He wanted to fly down to Alabama to go meet who he thought were these two girls, but since we're in Vancouver, we just had to go get him over there.
  But, yeah, he's a monster.
  Wow.
  So, like you said, you're able to do stuff.
  Law enforcement can't.
  He'll go anywhere.
  Absolutely.
  We don't have any jurisdiction.
  Our jurisdiction is wherever our car goes.
  Well, it's a good thing to know you're out there.
  There's a lot of other... Who are some of the good organizations and groups you know about here in the U.S.
  or worldwide that people should support like yourself?
  And how do we do it, Alex?
  For sure.
  Well, first and foremost, go watch Predator Poachers on Rumble.
  Completely free to go watch.
  P-R-E-D-A-T-O-R space P-O-A-C-H-E-R-S on Rumble.
  Go sub.
  It's free.
  Other groups that are great, CC Unit.
  He's in Southern California.
  He has a lot of arrests.
  People vs. Preds, also in Southern California.
  A lot of arrests.
  And shout out to Predator Catchers, Incorporated.
  They're out of Indiana, and they've traveled a little bit, too.
  And they do a great job of interviewing them.
  So Eric and Shonda, they are great.
  Go watch all those people.
  And there's more, too, but those are the three that stick out to me.
  Well, I get that people don't want to focus on this because it's so horrible, but I think that's what evil counts on, is you just run rampant.
  So let's go back, because I find it fascinating.
  You know, you were a college football player, hole nine yards, successful, doing good on your career track, and then you just keep hearing about this.
  I'm going from memory, but you didn't believe it was this easy to find a pitot, and the first time you threw a line in the water, you got one.
  Yeah, no, I wanted to go catch the bad guys now.
  And I was like, oh, well, this is, let's see how this goes.
  And gosh, I mean, within 30 minutes, somebody wanted to go meet who they thought was a 15-year-old boy.
  And then from there, I just never stopped doing it because there's endless amounts of these people.
  And if we can make a little bit of a dent, then so be it.
  I'd rather do that than nothing.
  Let's be honest, you're doing a great job.
  I think you're finding the low-hanging fruit, which is very important.
  But when it comes to the volleyball coach, or the doctor, or the bad cop, or the psychiatrist, or the different correctional institutions that have kids in them, that's where the real super organized stuff is going on.
  Yeah, I mean, we just got a firefighter, a fire lieutenant from Newport News convicted to over 30 years in prison.
  And that's somebody that obviously him meeting our 12-year-old was not the first time he tried to do this.
  And yeah, I mean, it's just a combination.
  Like, there's really, there's no race, there's no color, there's no job.
  It could be literally anybody.
  That's what makes it kind of different than other crimes.
  It's creepy as hell, man.
  I don't know how you do it.
  It's incredible.
  So again, one more time for people that want to support you.
  I never heard you come on here and ask for donations and stuff.
  And I see you knocking it out of the park without even looking.
  I just see your stuff everywhere.
  You're really bringing awareness to this.
  How do people support you?
  Well, the best way is Predator Poachers on Rumble.
  There it is right there.
  Completely free.
  Um, it takes, like, you just gotta put in your email to sign up for Rumble if you don't have an account.
  But if you do have an account, just press follow on there.
  You're able to pay for this just with advertising money?
  No, we do have people that donate, but, um, yeah.
  If y'all wanna press that red join button next to follow on Rumble, that's a way to donate.
  But, um, following's fine too.
  Yeah, I mean, don't be shy.
  You know, I'll tell ya, people fighting evil need to stop being shy.
  We need money.
  You've delivered.
  You've got the fruit.
  You've got the proof.
  People need to get behind you.
  And that's one thing about conservatives and people is we're very shy about asking for money.
  I'm not.
  I mean, the enemy spent almost $20 million this year on record trying to shut me down.
  OK, and our listeners, with a few million, we beat them.
  So just good has to keep fighting.
  And I've got a daughter.
  I'm going to have grandchildren probably soon, at least in a few years, I hope so.
  I'm glad there's people out there like you, because let me tell you, I ever learned somebody molested one of my kids, they're dead.
  And that's a weakness I actually have.
  But there's no waiting, there's no police, there's none of that.
  And so I just want to stop this now.
  And, you know, God bless you.
  If you did anything, I would tell you, go undercover into the Drag Queen pedophile times.
  I know you have some, because so many of them are pedophiles.
  So many of them, we've had our guys go do it and run their license plates and caught them.
  And that's just, you know, we don't even have the...
  I see resources.
  God, you're doing a lot less.
  So Alex Rosen, thank you so much, brother.
  Thank you for platforming and giving awareness as well.
  You're the best.
  Thank you, sir.
  All right.
  Look, I got more calls.
  Scott, Vinnie, Rob and Jen.
  I'm going to get to all you and then Gerald Saladay is going to take over.
  We'll skip both the network breaks next hour so he gets his time back from your calls.
  So let Gerald know.
  On my children.
  I am maxed out.
  I'm getting ready to sell a piece of property and a car and stuff, but that won't even pay off half the debt I owe.
  And I'm not complaining.
  I don't judge myself as a loser by being out of money in the fight against evil.
  I see it as, like, awesome.
  Like, I'm the gladiator.
  Stabbed 10 times.
  I just took out 10 dudes, and, you know, I got one more to take out.
  And I really think it's my job to keep fighting.
  Only you can keep me in the front lines against the enemy.
  The enemy really doesn't like us because they know my spirit's real.
  They know, at a spiritual level, I mean business against them.
  I will crush them.
  And I can't do it, though, without you.
  We will crush them together.
  Go to infowarestore.com.
  Get my new book, The Great Awakening, The Plan to Defeat the Globalists and Launch the Second Great Renaissance.
  While you're at it, if you didn't read The Great Reset and The War for the World, get it.
  This book's twice as long.
  We're literally proud of it.
  You can get a signed copy.
  As a fundraiser, we need the money.
  You're getting an unsigned copy.
  Infowarstore.com.
  Or to drop it to number one, you can get it at Amazon.com.
  And, of course, there's a lot of great products.
  We keep extending the sale because... I asked him, why?
  Why do we keep extending the sale?
  He said, because we're updating the site on Wednesday.
   So if you want to get real Red Pill Plus and DNA Force Plus and the rest of it, it's gonna get it now.
  
  This elite formula contains the most cutting-edge enzymes, potent antioxidants, and traditional naturally occurring ingredients to protect the vitality of your buried DNA.
   The powerhouse ingredients in DNA Force Plus include QQQ, CoQ10, organic reishi mushroom,
   astrologous root, rhodiola root, and an array of even more incredible antioxidants and extracts,
   carefully chosen to help support healthy heart function while promoting energy production
  down to the cellular level.
   Provide your cells and DNA with the protection they need and try a bottle of DNA Force Plus
   today for 50% off or for 35% off, grab the combo pack with DNA Force Plus and body's
  whole support.
   Better hurry though because The world ain't the same anymore.
  And nobody's buying the Globalist crap.
   I got news for the Democratic Party and the Globalist and the ADL and everybody else.
  The world ain't the same anymore.
  And nobody's buying the Globalist crap.
  So it's not going to go well.
   The ADL thought they could teach everybody that white people were inherently evil.
  They didn't think that'd blow back on them?
  I'm just trying to have peace.
  Because I know every group has diverse individuals and good people in it, from Muslims, to Christians, to Jews, you name it, to Hindus, to Buddhists.
  But man, the world didn't buy in this crap anymore.
  Gerald Cilente is about to take over, and we'll skip a few breaks so he gets his time back.
  Love Gerald Cilente, so riveting.
  But I wanted to take four more calls, because you were holding since before the guests came on.
  But Alex Rosen is an important guy, so we've got him on.
  Scott in Chicago, you're on the air.
  Christians are laying down, need to step up.
  I agree with that.
  Tell us more.
  Good afternoon, Alex.
  We love Alex Jones from Chicago.
  We love Donald Trump from Chicago.
  And we don't care what anybody says about Alex selling products because our body tells us, hey, that stuff you're buying from InfoWars, that body ease, ooh, it's working.
  That X2 and that X3, it's working.
  So thanks for that stuff, Alex.
  Thank you.
  Thanks for keeping us on air.
  All I want to do is not give up.
  So I try to bring you the best stuff to make sure you want to get it again, brother.
  Well, and I love that you're you're bringing the truth and you're bringing it hot and heavy.
  And that's why I like listening to Alex.
  This is not the BS channel.
  And I really appreciate and I'm so sorry that you're being attacked.
  I went easy on the race stuff because I was trying to get everybody to get along.
  But they've now broken everything into racial camps.
  And not everybody's in a racial camp.
  I get that.
  But, you know, when it just gets down to the line here, we got to call it like it is.
  Well, and that's what I am calling because I know you have... I'm a Christian.
  I believe what I read in my King James Bible.
  I don't understand it.
  I have to ask for help from the Holy Spirit to give me illumination.
   But just the fact that I got through today and I've had a chance to simmer down, so I won't Sounds so crazy.
  I love my Christian brothers and sisters that call in, but the reason I called is because I disagree with many of them, and I'll put my paycheck up.
  Jesus is coming, but he is most certainly not coming back tonight, tomorrow, next week, or next month, or next year even.
  I will put my paycheck up against him.
  I agree with you because people are saying it's the end of the world.
  The Antichrist hasn't shown up yet.
   No, yeah, God wants to, when you start seeing hospitals being emptied because the resurrection power has fallen, when you start seeing these evil, corrupt people being arrested and justice being brought forth, when you start seeing Just healings on a mass scale all over the place.
  Jails being emptied.
  Revivals happening in the jails.
  None of that stuff is happening, and I'm not saying God's not moving.
  We haven't seen an iota of what the Father and Jesus want to do, and you don't have to panic if you're a Christian.
   Thessalonians says, hey, This day, when Jesus comes back, it's not going to overtake you like a thief in the night.
  We're going to let you know, and the prophetic community is strong right now.
  Maybe there's a lot of Christians that don't even believe that there's prophets now.
   If you do, you're listening to them, and they're saying that heaven is behind Donald Trump, and Heaven is going to take care of this evil, ultimately.
  But in the meantime, we're supposed to occupy until he returns.
  And we've got weapons that half the Christians, they don't even want to look at these weapons that were given to defeat the evil with.
  And that's what we're coming against.
  This is black and white, evil and good.
  And there's people that don't, Christians that don't even know the difference between evil and good.
   And if we could all just It's the same Holy Spirit.
  He's the same teacher that teaches us all.
  So I'm just calling.
  All right, Scott.
  Good to hear from you.
  Glad you got in.
  Gerald Salente is about to take over, but I'm going to cram in Rob, Jen, and Vinny, and then we'll skip a few breaks.
  Gerald will get all his time back and more.
  But I'm going to come right back, and then the great Gerald Salente, the top trends forecaster, is going to lay stuff out.
  But it's true.
  How Israel's losing the propaganda war against Hamas.
  It has totally blown up in the face.
  Yeah, this footage is up on Infowars.com.
  Watch pro-Palestinian mobs shut down Minneapolis street, terrorize motorists.
  I'm against this war, but I'm also against the Muslims running around rioting and beating up old white people just because they're white.
  This is just, the left is literally hijacking all of this and using this energy to suck us into the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and I'm sure Gerald Slintale will have intel on that, but this is dangerous, dangerous stuff.
  Charles Alente takes over in a moment.
  Real fast, Rob, Jen, and Vinnie.
  Rob in Washington, you're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  How are you doing, Alex?
  Man, I'm watching the whole world hurtle into World War III.
  I mean, I guess I'm alive still, so I'm doing all right, but I'm really concerned.
  20-year listener.
  I talked to you a couple months ago.
  I admire your products.
  I'm doing everything I can.
  And in regards to, I was the one that called in, and I was really promoting your t-shirt.
  Then all over the United States with them, the whole nine yards.
  In regards, I got a few statements.
  In regards to the wars that are going on, I believe wholeheartedly they're manufactured 110% and it's by a corrupt United States upper government, the top tier.
  In regards to this white thing, I don't know.
  I have no clue about any of that stuff.
  Why it's always gotta be about white people.
  I don't understand that.
  It's awfully confusing.
  Well, it's just white people on average, if you tell them you're racist unless you support the government policy, they'll say, okay, I'll do what you say.
  They threaten white people with accusations of racism unless they submit to whatever the new political whim is of the establishment.
  Okay, well, then help me with this.
  Then why is it that Clough, Schwab, Kissinger, and Soros, well, they're all white.
  Well, why would they?
  And they all fly on private jets, and they all have them on, and tell us we can't have kids, but they got kids.
  No, they're hypocrite frauds.
  Same thing with Bill Gates.
  Okay, and my last point is, you know, if we go down, I love your last guest speaker that called in and you were talking about this pedophilia stuff, but I think we've got way bigger problems than any of these wars and I think it's right on your backyard and that's the border.
  And if we don't get that fixed, we are not going to have any kind of a country left.
  No, I agree.
  Record numbers of illegals coming across.
  Feds just put the new numbers out.
  Thank you so much.
  Great points.
  Jen in Washington.
  The church is Christians oblivious to current events.
  What's your statement?
  Tell us more.
  Hi, Alex.
  How are you?
  All right.
  Go ahead.
   Hey, I was going to call you and tell you that my brother's a pastor in Spokane, Washington at a huge Christian church and No, like it's so hard to get them to grasp and understand anything that you're saying.
  I try to send them videos and they refuse to be informed and they think I'm crazy.
  They just want to go to church and feel like everything's fine and live in their bubble and that's why we're in this situation.
  They're in denial.
   I mean it's just unbelievable though because I just don't understand how they're in denial of it when the facts are there.
  I mean, everything's there.
  They just refuse to absorb the information.
  It's because they're unconscious, and that's why we're losing the country and the world right now.
  On the other note, you were just talking to Alex... Rosen.
   Yeah, there's a new book in my kid's school, in the high school, And it is called The History of...I got it right here.
  It's called LGBTQ and the History Book.
   And the stuff that's in this book is outrageously inappropriate and I'm like, I don't know what to do about the book because I want to make it known that everybody... Well, go to the school board and bring it up.
  They're trying to colonize your children, just like a drug dealer tries to hook them on drugs when they're young.
  They're trying to sexually manipulate them and then connect that new sexual identity to their political identity.
  What's the name of the book?
  We'll look into it.
  Yeah, it's called LGBTQ Plus History Book.
  Hey Alex, first time caller, long time supporter.
  I just want to switch gears.
   you know it's unbelievable. Well I'll look into it and I appreciate your call thank you for holding.
   Last caller and then Gerald Salenta takes over we're going to skip the next two network breaks
   he'll get all his time back. Vinny in Pennsylvania you're on the air go ahead. Hey Alex um first time
   caller long time supporter um I just want to switch gears I said I was going to talk about
   Israel and Trump but I don't know if you've caught in world politics that Argentina and Malay
  I went to a runoff with Massa.
  Well, and now there'll be a runoff, but it still looks like he'll probably win.
  And they've indicted him now for saying the government's devalued the currency, which is a fact.
  So they've indicted him for his speech.
  They also barred Bolsonaro from running in Brazil till 2030.
  And now they're trying to criminally indict him?
  Also, and I feel like that leads right into Trump and how they're trying to get him to bar him from our election and completely push their agenda, which is killing us.
  I don't understand why.
  Yeah, they've indicted him for saying there's election meddling when they're openly election meddling and trying to bar him off the ballot all over the country.
  Yes.
  Great points.
  Exactly.
  And I just don't understand why our tax money can't go to us.
  Why are we sending hundreds of billions to Ukraine, Israel, Iran, wherever?
  How come we just can't spend that in our economy?
  What would be the benefit in our economy from half the money they spent elsewhere for us?
  I just don't understand why.
   Well, I have a good feeling that the Top Trends Forecaster, you can sign up for his great online magazine and get a discount at jonestrends.com or You can just go to his main website.
  Gerald Solente is about to take over and give us his take on that.
  But the good news is, nobody's buying this same dog and pony show.
  The average American knows that all these different Islamic groups are being funded by the West.
  They know it's a destabilization operation.
  They're sick of the Ukraine war.
  National polls, the majority, don't want to send weapons to Israel.
  People are really awake and say, let's take care of our own country for a change.
  Gerald Cilente, the top trends forecaster, takes over now.
  Gerald Cilente, thanks for being here.
  Thank you for all you're doing.
  And everybody, you do all you can do to support InfoWars.
  Because censorship is the new American way.
  I get a kick out of this.
  We're bringing, we're invading countries all over the world to bring freedom and democracy, right?
  Yeah, when censorship is the American way, how dare you not swallow government crap?
  You believe in misinformation.
  So do what you can to support InfoWars, because we are on a very critical time.
  In the history of the planet.
  Alex said World War III has begun.
  You go back to the cover of our Trends Journal.
  And again, you go to jonestrends.com and you get a real bargain on it.
  There's nothing anyway.
  There's only $2.
  Of course, you listen, $2 a week.
  And it's a weekly.
  And you go back.
  And you look at our cover of the magazine two days before Russia invaded Ukraine.
  COVID war, Ukraine war, world war.
  World War III has already begun.
  And now the Middle East conflict has ramped it up.
   And when I say to support InfoWars so you get information that you're not getting anywhere else, this is the kind of crap This is the kind of BS that they shove down your throat and you obey and you listen to what we have to say because we're exploits.
  We're little boys and girls that suck off the public tit.
  You ready?
  This is from Euronews.
  When was this?
  February 21st, 2023.
  All right?
  March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October.
  Eight months ago.
  This is the crap they were shoveling out.
  Ukraine war.
  Kiev.
  Could gain the upper hand in 2023!
  But who says so?
  U.S.
  Think Tank.
  How about Stink Tank?
  That's right.
  Little boys who bend over and suck it up and love that stink because they got no fight themselves.
  All they are little sellout clowns.
  Oh, like they're quoting that guy, General Betrayed Us!
  Oh yeah, him!
  That launched the, uh, Afghan troop surge.
  Yeah, let's believe the crap spewing out of his mouth.
  Anyway...
  Ukraine has the potential to take control of the war in 2023, thanks to the sufficient and timely backing from the West.
  A little warmongering, freaks!
  Backing from the West?
  What?
  Sending more weapons of death?
  Backing from the West?
  Said the U.S.
  stink tank.
  You ready?
  The Institute for the Study of War.
  And they have it prints ISW.
  How about FU?
  You know what?
  Another language I could use.
  Following U.S.
  President Joe Biden's visit to Keith.
  You got it.
  It's a crime syndicate.
  ISW said the timing of Biden's trip to Europe clearly signals continued Western support for Ukraine.
  Yep.
  He got it.
  Total failure.
   As we had forecast, one of the covers of the Trends Journal, jonestrends.com, Don't count on counter-offenses.
  Ain't going nowhere.
  But this is the crap they're spewing out, and the same thing with the Israel war that's going on now.
  So here's the story.
  I'm a trend forecaster.
  Been at this 43 years.
  I have a book, Trends 2000, international bestseller.
   In that book, it was written in 1996, I wonder about Crusades 2000.
  Here we are.
  This is when the Trends Journal was a quarterly magazine.
  Now it's a weekly.
  Crusades 2000.
  This is written 10 years later.
  Spring issue 2006.
  Saws are drawn.
  Blood's been shed.
  Crusades 2000, the latest round of the thousand year battle, you ready?
  Between West and Middle East for the Holy Land.
  And religiosity is now being fiercely fought.
  But the media hasn't named it and politicians insist upon calling it something else.
  And we go on to write.
   While the seeds of 2000, Crusades 2000 have been planted in full view of the world,
   and all those watching could have anticipated the eventual harvest,
   the memories of what had happened and what would occur have been fogged by rigid ideology.
  Fanatical religiosity, patriotic fervor, government propaganda, and ulterior motives.
  When we first forecast Crusades 2000 over a decade ago, that's in my book, Trentis 2000, we wrote the formal battle lines for the new crusade had been drawn, you ready?
   And again, Don't call me an anti-Semite.
  Three of my last four girlfriends are Jewish.
  My best friends are Jewish.
  And the people running Israel aren't Semites.
  They're Ashkenazis.
  That's right, from Eastern Europe, the Palestinians are Semites.
  From the Mesopotamia region, got it?
  So don't give me this crap.
  I only write facts.
  Only write facts.
   We wrote the formal battle lines of the new crusade had been drawn when Israel was created in 1948.
   But Israel, however complex politically and militarily, was no more than the latest episode in a conflict going
   back 
  Thousands of years.
   Regardless of England's reason or intentions were self-serving or otherwise,
   Crusades 2000 was set in motion by the 1917 Balfour Declaration that laid the foundation for Israel.
  Again, this is written in two...
  This is the quote from the Balfour Declaration.
  His Majesty's Government views with favour the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people.
  And we'll use their best endeavors to facilitate the achievements of this object.
  Hmm.
  His Majesty's Government.
  What's this His Majesty's crap?
  What majesty?
  Who you talking to?
  Like that little clown you got over there now, Prince Charles?
  Oh, King Charles!
  Here, King!
  Here, boy!
  Oh, look at all my medals!
  I'm a majesty!
  What the hell are you doing over there, in Palestine?
  You called it Palestine, majesty!
  You're the British!
  Oh, why, Salenti?
  The sun never sets on the British Empire!
  We can kill and slaughter anybody that we want all over the world!
  Hey, you folks in India loved them when they were there, didn't ya, huh?
  Oh, what did the data show?
  Over two million?
  Or a couple hundred million?
  I forget the number.
  It's a made-up story!
  His majesty created it.
  What majesty?
  I don't pee or poo.
  You look at the picture of this clown, Charles.
  Charlie the King.
  One arrogant, murderous gang called Nobility.
  That rob and steal all over the world.
  So you go back to what's going on over there.
  An illegally created country.
  You listen to other rabbis who are all against this.
   And by the way, this is from the New York Times, a full page ad.
  Jews say cease fire now.
  
  Those of us grieving both Israel and Palestine, Palestinian loved ones this week, know there is no military solution.
  What the hell are you talking about no military solution?
  We had a military solution for Vietnam!
  We killed 3 million of them!
  Oh, and you lost the war.
  Only killed 60,000 American troops.
  Wounded several hundred thousand.
  What are you talking about?
  Oh, you forgot the Iraq War?
  What do you mean there's no military solution?
  Armed General betrayed us!
  I got a military solution!
  Swallow my crap!
  Oh, I forgot!
  I'm Lloyd Austin!
  I'm your defense contractor!
  I kill tons of peo- Oh, excuse me.
  Defense Secretary.
  I said defense contractor because his last job was working for Raytheon, the second largest defense contractor in America.
  Did a great job in Iraq.
  There's no military solution to bombing the hell out of innocent people living in Gaza.
  That's an open air concentration camp for 17 years.
  And now 42% of the place has been demolished.
  So going back to Jewish Voices for Peace.
  Oh, I forgot about the Afghan War, the Iraq War, the Vietnam War.
  Did a great job in Libya, Obama, the Nobel Peace of Crap Prize winner.
  Forgot about that one.
  Oh, and Samantha Power, Susan Rice, and Hillary Clinton.
  Gaddafi has to go.
  Great job in Syria, you did too.
  Oh, by the way, Israel's bombing Damascus and Aleppo airports.
  That's okay.
  They can bomb anywhere they want.
  Half of Gaza's population are children.
  They have nowhere to flee.
  The Israeli government has trapped them in Gaza to cut water, food, and electricity.
  It's starving them while bombing their neighborhoods one after another.
  Join us, American Jews and allies, in demanding the Biden administration facilitate an immediate ceasefire and stop sending Israeli military more weapons, as most of the American people say.
  I don't want my money going there!
  3.8 billion dollars a year plus more money.
  And Israel's the 18th wealthiest country in the world.
  And you're stealing 4 billion dollars of our dough as the country's going down the crap.
  All people of conscience are invited to sign on to jvp.org slash ceasefire.
  Never again for anyone.
  These are Jewish people.
  Now understand how bad this is.
  World War 3 is going tonight.
  Look up the SAMSON option.
  S-A-M-S-O-N option.
  These are crazy people that are saying, if Israel is going to be defeated, nuclear bombs go off.
  How many do they have?
  Between 200 and 400.
  Those Iranians can't have any nuclear weapons.
  I am an American.
  This is not my war.
  I want peace.
  Oh, I just don't talk about it.
  I launched Occupy Peace.
  I have major rallies.
  If we don't have peace on Earth, it's going to be hell on Earth.
  Occupy Peace or die in war.
  What's your choice?
  We need peace because we got pieces of crap running our lives.
  Oh, you look up to Lindsey Graham.
  No, I like McConnell.
  Oh, Mitch McConnell, he's my kind of guy.
  Dead as a doornail.
  We'll be right back.
  Stay tuned.
  Hey, great being on the Alex Jones Show.
  And again, you know, they don't sense to me.
  I say what I want to say.
  And I appreciate everything InfoWars is doing, particularly their staff that works so hard to make all this happen and all what Alex Jones goes through.
  So you really need to, if you want to keep freedom and life on earth alive, you need to support InfoWars because they're one of the last voices out there and we're the only magazine in the world that puts out what we put out.
   So you need to support it and As I said, what's going on now, I've never seen in my lifetime.
  And they have a product here that could really help you during these down times.
  Because my brain is overloaded and it feels like it's going dead.
  And they got this Brain Force Plus, man.
  And I could use a lot of that to get my brain going back into order.
  And they have a good sale going on right now.
  Brain Force Plus, you get some 60% off at InfoWarsStore, InfoWarsStore.com and Brain Force Plus is one of the highest rated and best-selling InfoWars life formulas ever, ever, ever, and the crew uses it.
  They need it because look what we're going through.
  You got to keep your brain healthy.
  And this formula is loaded with natural compounds and it gives you cognitive health and gives you a major boost.
  So whether you're stocking up or trying it for the first time, this is a time to head to InfoWarsStore.com and you take advantage of these great savings.
  And again, your purchase is a 360 width.
  You're getting your brain built up.
  You're getting super high quality product.
  And you help launch InfoWars to the next level, which they're trying to stop.
  So visit InfoWarsStore.com InfoWarsStore.com and get their best-selling BrainForce Plus 60% off while supplies last.
  Man, this is a time for BrainForce Plus.
  And again, you know, people don't have a clue what's going on.
  Their brains are dead.
  If you're listening to the mainstream media, all you're getting is prostitute news.
  These are media whores that get paid to put out by their corporate pimps and their government whoremasters.
  And again, when I talk about this BrainForce Plus, so much is spewing it out.
  Last night, you know, I'm a night cat, you know, I was a guy born in the Bronx.
  Yeah, I love going out at night.
  I don't go to sleep till late.
  And I went to bed last night around 1 o'clock in the morning.
  And I had these ongoing nightmares where I kept waking up.
  And it was like I was reading news headlines about what's going on in Gaza and all the people being killed, the innocent people and the children.
  They say now over 5,000 people have been killed.
  When Hamas attacked, and again totally opposed to it, some 1,400 Jewish people were killed.
  So now imagine, I kept going in my head, 5,000 people killed, over 40% of their country, that little Gaza strip, it's smaller than Philadelphia, 2.3 million people live in it, and they've been locked into it for 17 years.
  Everything you have is being destroyed, bombed out.
  What are you getting by bombing all these places out?
  What are you accomplishing?
  You know what you're accomplishing?
  More hatred.
  There's an article that came out about the United States warning Americans abroad.
  No, no.
  It's not warning Americans abroad.
  How dare you use that word, abroad.
  Must be stupid, you know.
  Abroad.
  Hey, abroad.
  No, no, I'm only kidding.
  It's going to be the Jewish people who are going to suffer for this.
  I'm warning all my Jewish friends to unite with Jewish Voices for Peace.
  Because they're going to be blamed for what's going on in Israel.
  Again, your Trends Journal, the new issue is coming out tomorrow.
  And I asked my assistant, get me all the articles that we said, when all else fails, they take you to war this year.
   They're about 25 articles we wrote since Netanyahu became Prime Minister and passed the Judiciary Reform Act.
  And we kept saying that when all those sales is going to take the Jewish people to war.
   Not my language, not my forecast, but from the United States Congressman, Who's with the Foreign Committee, whatever the hell the name of it is, said that Israel was warned about this Hamas attack before it happened.
  Egyptians also warned.
  Why did they let it happen?
  There were protests going on in Israel for 39 weeks in a row before October 7th when Hamas attacked.
  39 weeks in a row, hundreds and hundreds of thousands of people taken to the streets in opposition to Netanyahu's Judicial Reform Act.
  And by the way, he's being brought up on charges.
  So as long as he plays Prime Minister, they can't bring him up.
  And this is one of the reasons they say he wanted to do away with the court system and have the politicians in charge.
  Not my language, but the language from the Jerusalem Post.
  The language from the Times of Israel.
  The language from Haaretz, the Israeli newspaper.
  There was a civil war going on in Israel.
  Got it?
  A civil war.
  Not anymore.
  Forgotten.
  When all else fails, they take it away.
  What followed the Great Depression?
  World War II.
  And again, I've talked about this and I'll keep talking about it.
  Google it up in history today.
  Put in, Franklin Roosevelt seizes Japanese assets.
  Just type that in.
  And you get mainstream history today.
  In July of 1941, President Franklin Roosevelt seized all Japanese assets.
  How come?
  Why those dirty Japanese?
  They invaded French Indochina.
  French Indochina?
  What are the French doing in Cambodia, Laos, and Vietnam?
  Are they stealing everything that they have there?
  Tin, rubber, slaughtering the people?
  I went to Vietnam in 1996.
  We were one of the first Americans allowed in.
  And the people were wonderful to us.
  We only had one incident.
  And I saw the guillotines in the museum that the French had there.
  They were chopping people's heads off.
  And then they go on, the English and the Dutch put sanctions on Japan and cut off three quarters of their global trade.
  That's where they make their money.
  They sell stuff out of Japan.
  They cut off three quarters.
  How come?
  Oh, because they invaded French Indochina.
  Oh, and worse than that, they overtook Cameron Air Force Base.
  I'm not making this up.
  This is in history today.
  And Cameron Air Force Base in Vietnam was only 800 miles from where Americans were in the Philippines.
  What the hell are we doing in the Philippines?
  I'm an American.
  What are we doing over there?
  Then, the United States, the Dutch, and the English cut off 88% of Japan's oil.
  Well, big deal.
  They only import 100%.
  So they had no oil.
  No trade.
  Can't understand why they bought Pearl Harbor.
  I think I'll figure it out someday.
  Then let's go to the dot-com buttons.
  
  Again, right in your Trends Journal.
  Forecast it.
  Right here.
  Dot-com this.
  October 1999.
  Who's gonna happen?
  They were making up stuff.
  The whole internet revolution began like around 94 and they just started making stuff up.
  People couldn't stand little Georgie Bush, that daddy's boy with a pair of cojones smaller than a mothball and a mind smaller than a pea.
  Little daddy's boy born on third base and thought he had a home run.
  Couldn't stand him.
  Then 9-11 happens.
  The war on terror.
  Got it?
  When all else fails, they take you to war.
  Ready for this?
   Senator Lindsey Graham says we're in a religious war and he calls to quote,
  "Level Gaza."
  
  Quote, we're in a religious war here, and I'm with Israel.
   Do whatever the hell You have to, to level the place.
  Okay, boys and girls, how stupid, how gutless, how moronic can you be to listen to a little piece of arrogant, warmongering crap like, Lindsey, did you come out of the closet yet, Graham?
   A little fat boy that couldn't fight his way out of a paper bag but loves Every war, a little war.
  Now let's get this straight.
  We're in a religious war here, huh?
  A religious war?
  Not my religion.
  I'm an American, why am I getting involved in a religious war?
  And why are you stealing my money to go fight a religious war?
  And the guy that's playing president of Israel, Isaac Herzog, said God gave them this land.
  Hey, wait a minute.
  What God are you talking about?
  My God didn't say this.
  I gotta believe your God.
  What do you mean, God gave you this land?
  No, no.
  I just read to you.
  You got it wrong.
  You got it wrong, Isaac.
  I read it to you.
  The Balfour Declaration.
  The Slimy Limeys gave it to you.
  That Slimy Limey over there.
  His Majesty.
   So don't call it If God gave it to you.
  I got this email, man.
  This guy called me a dirty Guinea.
  Disgusting Italian piece of crap.
  For saying what I'm saying.
  And as I said, do not call me an anti-Semite.
  Three of my last four girlfriends are Jewish.
  And my best friends are Jewish.
  I got like four best friends.
  And two of them are Jewish.
  So don't call me an anti-Semite.
  And yeah, this is what this guy wrote.
  Salenti, you are not an anti-Semite.
  You are a despicable Jew hater.
  It's obvious.
  You're an Italian scumbag.
  Isn't that nice?
  Come and call that to me to my face.
  Come on little boy.
  Come over here.
  Copy it.
  We are in a critical time.
  If we don't unite for peace, we're going to die in war.
   Biden says he has an obligation to be involved in wars In Israel and Ukraine.
  He said this on 60 Minutes.
  During a 60-minute interview over the weekend, Joe Biden argued America has an obligation to get involved in foreign wars.
  No, we don't!
  You are a disgrace to the founding fathers.
  Hey, a little Biden who got five draft affirmants, you arrogant boy!
  You're three years older than me to beat the Vietnam War.
  And then you said you had asthma while you bragged what a great athlete you were.
  No, it's not our obligation to be involved in foreign wars.
  It was a guy by the name of George Washington, a real president, not a little dumbbell like you out of your mind.
  Across the Delaware.
  What?
  You're too stupid to read his farewell address warning the American people not to become involved in foreign entanglements.
  I launched Occupy Peace.
  Bring home the troops.
  Close down the 800 bases we have overseas that are enriching the Lloyd Austin's gang, the Raytheon's, the Lockheed Martin's.
  Secure the homeland with the troops.
  Stop all these refugees from coming in.
  And little Lindsey Graham, and you little cotton ball over there, with your fat mouth, you little war monger.
  You don't tell us what to do.
  You guys got it backwards.
  You're public servants.
  You do what we tell you to.
  And here is another foundation of occupied peace.
  You want to go to war?
  You want to steal my money to go to war?
  I know you'll hate this, Cottonball!
  I know you'll hate this, Mitch McConnell!
  Hey, little Chuckie Shuma!
  You'll really hate this!
  Let the people vote.
  Why you... What did this guy call me?
  You Italian scumbag!
  How dare you!
  How dare you say let the people vote!
  You're nothing more than a plantation worker of Slavelandia!
  The rich own everything.
  Oh, don't believe me, Oxfam?
  What, they got $27 trillion richer in two years following the COVID war?
  What, it used to be mom and pop shops?
  And now they're all chains?
  No more drug stores, drug chains.
  No more hardware stores, hardware chains.
  No more stationery stores, stationery chains.
  No more grocery stores, grocery chains.
  You're nothing more than a plantation worker of Slavelandia.
  So, I also read Biden's speech, word for word.
  15 minutes speech, only the second one he gave, underlined all the salient points.
   He goes on to say, after he goes about Israel, Hamas and Putin represent different threats, ties it right into Putin.
  Oh, by the way, the Ukraine war is over.
  It's not even in the news anymore.
  Yep.
  We're not withdrawing.
  I know these conflicts can seem far away.
  It's natural to ask.
  What does this matter to America?
  So let me share with you why making sure Israel and Ukraine succeed is vile for American national interests.
  It is not vital to American national interests.
  It's vital to the military-industrial complex.
  Go screw yourself!
  Who the hell are you to tell me this?
  And I could go on.
  The whole thing here.
  You know, history has taught us that when terrorists don't pay a price for their terror, when dictators don't pay a price for their aggression, they cause more chaos and deaths and more destruction.
  They keep going and the cost and threats to America and the world keep rising.
  Yeah, unlike America's appetite for power and control.
  With our 800 military bases and what, about 70, 80 countries.
  What are you talking about?
  All right, enough of this.
  The economy.
  It's right there in black and white, up and down.
  Back in November, the Trends Journal had forecast that the S&P 500 would rise by at least 16%.
  It did, went over 17%.
  Now it's down, but it's still up 10%.
   Back in July, there's all those videos, all the facts, In your Trends Journal, jonestrends.com, jonestrends.com, to read history before it happens.
  I said the equity markets would go down in September and they may crash in October.
  Here we are.
  Exactly as we forecast.
  Only once, only once that came out and said that.
  Nobody else anywhere.
  So here's the deal.
  With the U.S.
  Treasuries, they just came down a little bit, around 5%.
  And you put your money in CDs, and you're getting over 6% in some of them, 6.5.
  And money market funds, well over 5%.
  Why are you going to gamble in the markets?
  Got it?
   Why are you going to gamble in the markets when you got a safe Play, almost.
  And, and, tax are there.
  When gold prices were way down in September, we said it would bottom out at $18.50.
  Yep, only $20 off.
  Now goals back up into the 1970, 80, 90 range.
  This is, I do not give financial advice.
  
  Trends journals, think for yourself.
  We give you our trends analysis and trend forecast, you decide what to do.
  That gold prices are going up as treasury yields are so high, shows you the fear in the world of where we're heading.
  Gold prices should be going down.
  So now here's the deal.
  On November 1st, they're going to announce the Fed heads.
  They're going to keep interest rates where they are, or they're going to raise them or lower them.
  The debt on the street, well over 90%, it keeps fluctuating between 99 and 94%, says they're going to hold them there.
  Oh, great.
  Are your mortgage rates now around 8%?
  Loans are due.
  Companies need new loans.
  They can't get loans.
  Can't pay 8%.
  They artificially propped up the equity markets and the real estate markets with their zero interest rate policy.
  Wreck it low, wreck it low mortgage rates.
  Artificially propped everything up.
  And now, the Israel war.
  You gotta make connections between different fields.
  So my pledge is peace.
  And I ask everyone to do anything you can to spread the word for peace.
  What is going to be accomplished by bombing the hell out of Gaza and sending the people to hell and being killed?
  It's hell on earth, I should say.
  We need peace.
  This is not a solution.
  United we stand, divided we die.
  And I stand with Infowars.
  They're about free speech in the hearts and souls of the people for life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
  Thank you.
  See you next week.
  
  I've not been this excited ever!
  
  Oh, yeah, Mud Club, baby!
  The replatforming begins now.
  Join Mug Club and get one month free with promo code "Alex"
at JonesCrowder.com Please support InfoWars, now more than ever. 
  Please, please stand with InfoWars now more than ever.
  And understand that we are not backing down.
  And understand that we've got our finger on the pulse of what's really going on.
  And understand that we need your support.
  We're fighting for you.
  We're fighting for ourselves.
  We're fighting for our children.
  We have a flash sale of DNA Force Plus that is our flagship product.
  It's so good for your whole body, so good for your cells.
  Makes your telomeres last longer, does so much.
  It is powerful, it is real, it works.
   It detoxifies your cells, your blood, everything you need to get it.
  50% off, we haven't done that in a year.
   We are selling products from 40 to 60% off, like BrainForce Plus, the incredible Brain Boost
   natural nootropic, and a lot of other powerful products at mfullworestore.com, like RealRedPill Plus.
  60% off, that's how high some of these sales go.
  Folks, we're making like 10-15 bucks, maybe, on these products when we sell them at that low.
  So we've got to sell a lot of the product.
  You're responding?
  We're selling a lot of the product.
  But we've got to sell even more of it to be able to fund ourselves, so it's a catch-22.
  Infowarsstore.com.
  Infowarsstore.com, or AAA253-3139.
  Also, my new book, The Great Awakening.
  The plan to defeat the globalists and launch the second great renaissance.
  It is available and starts shipping in just seven days at InfoWarsStore.com.
  It's in stock.
  We have the signed and unsigned copies.
  The signed copies are a fundraiser.
  I want to thank you all for your support.
  InfoWars Platinum is back in stock.
  The HGH Max Boost, the 1776 Testosterone Boost, the Pain MD.
  They're all three private labels of an already nationwide certified bestseller that people absolutely love and works great.
  InfoWars Platinum back in stock.
  Infowarstore.com or 888-253-3139.
  Please spread the word about the broadcasts, how we bypass the sensors and the controllers, and how we expose the plan to launch the new 9-11 in South America and Europe to bring us under the total police state control grid.
  They're doing it with COVID, they're doing it with the climate change garbage, they're doing it with the water power grab, and now they're coming for all of our freedoms.
  We've got to stop and we've got to recognize that we've got to wake up.
  We've got to say no, but it takes funds and money and word of mouth to run this operation in the face of these sensors and controllers.
  So I'm counting on you to break the back of the sensors and the controllers by sharing the live links to the show right now and supporting the broadcast at InfoWarsTore.com.
  Thank you so much.