And I'm just going to go through the whole speech here because they do not want this getting air-timed.
  They do not want it on our 400 plus AM and FM stations and over 100 cable and TV stations.
  They do not want it streamed out over InfoWars.com.
  They do not want people to actually hear what this man being targeted by the deep state because he's trying to block their new order takeover.
  They do not want this man to be heard.
   And so we're going to make sure this information gets magnified and gets out because They are trying to get through Trump to get to us.
  He really tried to be the president.
  He really tried to fix the country.
  He made a lot of mistakes, but did a lot of great stuff as well.
  But there's no doubt they're scared of him, and they are making their move against not just him, but all of us.
  Rallying patriots worldwide in defense of human liberty.
  It's Alex Jones.
  It's Wednesday, April 5th.
  The Deep State is live with an active coup against the Republic.
  InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's news, today.
   The state-run globalist media Decided to not air Trump's incredibly historic 24-minute speech.
  We will air it all today, in pieces, and I will comment on it.
  We'll play a lot of excerpts as well.
  Rachel Maddow said she would decide if her viewers were going to see any of it.
  And of course, she showed none of it.
  These people are beyond evil.
  Here's some of the key things Trump had to say.
  If we go through a trial and you're found guilty, you're going away for 10 years or maybe longer, which for a 75-year-old man with a great family, really means life.
  What the prosecutors and judge did to that man, I will never forget, because it's right out of the old Soviet Union, that's where we are.
   They said, you say anything about Trump, meaning that's bad, And you won't even have to serve the 90 days.
  You'll walk free.
  And they say that to many of my employees.
  We have this Jack Smith lunatic threatening people every single day through his representatives.
  They're threatening jail terms.
  But talk about Trump and you'll go free.
  This is where we are as a nation.
  Who would have thought?
   They can't beat us at the ballot box, so they try and beat us Through the law.
  
  Thank you very much, everybody.
  We have to save our country.
  God bless you all.
  And I never thought anything like this could happen in America.
  Never thought it could happen.
  The only crime that I have committed is to fearlessly defend our nation from those who seek to destroy it.
  The next thing I know, we were raided by many gun-toting FBI agents, who took whatever they wanted, including my passports and medical records.
  And they're looking at me through the Espionage Act.
  Think of that.
  How does that sound?
  Of 1917, where the penalty is death.
  Even though that has absolutely nothing to do with openly taking boxes of documents and mostly clothing and other things to my home, which President Obama has done, the Bushes have done, Jimmy Carter has done, Ronald Reagan has done.
  Everybody's done.
  In fact, Hillary Clinton got rid of 33,000 emails and that was okay.
  But nobody's done it like Joe Biden.
  This lunatic special prosecutor named Jack Smith.
  I wonder what it was prior to a change.
  Who others of his ilk say he's even worse than they are.
  Is only looking at Trump.
  Yet Joe Biden took massive amounts more documents.
  Even removed many boxes to Chinatown.
  Can you believe that?
  He's got $10 million from China.
  Where did that come from?
  I guess they were banking on Hunter's expertise.
  And had others stored in unsecured offices in Pennsylvania and strewed all over his garage floor where his now very famous Corvette is also stored.
  All over the floor, including classified documents.
  That's okay.
  Perhaps most importantly, he has 1,850 boxes in Delaware, which he is refusing to give up.
  But isn't that real obstruction?
  It was a powerful speech last night from Mar-a-Lago.
  We're going to be playing the entire thing in pieces here today.
  And then Mike Adams is coming on, and I was already intending to cover this, but Mike's got the deep dive on it.
  The world banking crisis is only accelerating and intensifying quickly.
  We're going to forecast that tomorrow's news today.
  Coming up today, I'm Alex Jones, your host.
  Ban.video, Infowars.com, Newswars.com, and the URL they're not blocking right now to take you to Ban.video is madmaxworld.tv.
  Madmaxworld.tv.
  We'll be right back so everybody you know and those you don't know tune in now.
   Well the state-run globalist media of our occupied New World Order government Did not basically air any of Trump's historic speech from Arlogo last night.
  They're trying to censor it and block it all over the controlled internet.
   But Infowars is an oasis of truth and we are going to be Playing large excerpts of it tonight.
  They played a few clips of it out of context.
  Rachel Maddow on MSNBC said that she would watch it and decide if it was important and show you clips, which she thinks she showed one clip.
  But that's just the example.
  Remember Fredo Cuomo on CNN back with the WikiLeaks?
  And he said, you're not allowed to read WikiLeaks.
  I am.
  And I will read it and I will decide what you're allowed to see.
  That's a famous clip.
  Of course, it's not illegal for you to read WikiLeaks.
  It's not illegal what Julian Assange did.
  We all know about the Pentagon Papers and the federal rulings there.
  Journalists are protected, especially when they're exposing corruption.
  But what you're really seeing here is the greatest case of election meddling and election interference the United States has ever seen.
  Beyond a third world country.
  And I've read the indictment.
  Mainline legal scholars have read it.
   Even CNN, and I've got the clip right here, Their entire panel agreed this is a nothing burger.
  They don't say what federal crime he was covering up with the so-called hush money, even if that's true.
  And they say that he does all the accounting for the Trump Organization and charged him for specifically entering false data.
  All of this is complete fraud.
   Republican leadership Because of the massive backlash against this has been forced to get behind Trump.
  A lot of them are working against Trump.
  But make no mistake, our Republic is in crisis today, ladies and gentlemen.
  This is a Soros-backed coup in New York.
  Seeks to imprison Trump for 136 years.
  That's the live show.
  Headline, Alvin Bragg asked judge to hold Trump's trial during primary season.
  Totally timed.
  Trump pleads not guilty to 34 felony counts.
  Deep State indictment again seeks 136 years in prison while Alvin Bragg releases shooters that shoot people days after they do it.
  They're letting rapists out of prison after six-month sentences.
  I mean, this is insane.
  They're charging people that get attacked in a parking garage and get shot and take the gun away and shoot the robber.
  But don't worry, Trump is facing 136 years.
  That is beyond election meddling.
  Tucker Carlson nails it.
  This is the boldest election interference ever attempted.
  That is not an overstatement.
  The criminal here is a District Attorney who leaked the grand jury information.
  He should be prosecuted.
  President Trump lashes out at crooked DA Alvin Bragg.
  Embarrassing.
  We've got video of this.
  Soros-backed DA Bragg can't answer.
  The what the crime is in his case against Trump does not say what the crime is.
  You heard that again.
  Because he's covering up a crime, they say.
  With the hush money.
  Because there was no crime there.
  A Soros-backed coup.
  DA Alvin Bragg, DA Chief Assistant Meg Reese, and others worked with John Jay Institute for Innovation and Prosecution, funded by Soros.
  Bragg attended its conference while investigating Trump.
  And the judge is even worse.
  Trump, the only crime that I have committed is to fearlessly defend our nation from those who seek to destroy it, and they really are.
  Trump, where we are right now is out of the old Soviet Union.
  They can't beat us to the ballot box, so they'll try to beat us through the law.
  Trump rants Bragg should indict himself over illegal leaks of indictments.
  That Trump lawyer clips.
  The indictment doesn't allege any federal crime, any state law that's been violated.
  It doesn't allege what the false statement is.
  It's nothing.
  There were no facts in there.
  And that's true.
  Theodore Bragg justifies Trump's charges.
  Everyone stands equal before the law.
  Oh, like Joe Biden and Hillary and Obama and all of them?
  Yeah, right.
  CNN reacts to underwhelming Trump indictment.
  There's not more to it.
  This case could collapse before it gets to trial.
  Jonathan Turley, law professor, slams Alvin Bragg's case against Trump, and he's a big liberal.
  Even John Bolton, the neocon kingpin, recognizes this is a bogus case.
  Bolton just said he is extraordinarily distressed by the indictment and is even weaker than I feared it would be, and I think it's easily subject to being dismissed or quickly acquittal for Trump.
  Judge threatens Trump with gag order.
  He continues inciting violence.
  Here's the actual indictment.
  Nothing in it.
  Meanwhile, Stormy Daniels ordered to pay Trump team another $120,000 in legal fees with her bogus lawsuits.
  Just in, federal court's appeals gives Trump an additional victory over Stormy Daniels.
  On and on and on.
  Revealed.
  Committed leftist judge who oversees Trump's sham case in New York City made political contributions to stop the Republicans and Biden for president.
  There's more.
  Alvin Bragg's case against Trump shows complete ignorance and manipulation of basic accounting.
  Claims Trump made the entries when on record he was not doing the accounting.
  And of course, the legal drama will continue in Georgia, and with the federal prosecutor cooking up all the garbage.
  We had Judge Edward Napolitano on yesterday saying the plan is to bring Hillary in as the VP during the election, then have Biden step down according to high-level... He told me this off-air, I should have raised it on air.
  I said, how do you know that?
  He's a guy that doesn't make stuff up.
  He said, no, I've talked to top-level Democrat donors.
  They say Hillary is totally behind all this.
  And of course, just yesterday or two days ago, Pelosi called Hillary the President.
  So, there's no end to this.
  And she also said, remember, she tweeted, that Trump is guilty until proven innocent.
  This is a revolution against our Republic.
  So here's what I want to do.
   In the next hour and 48 minutes or so, I want to give the number out and then I want to just start the Trump speech at the beginning so it all gets aired.
  And I will come out of break and play three, four minutes of Trump.
  I'll take a couple calls, play a couple more minutes of Trump, comment, take more calls, play a clip, and I'm just going to go through the whole speech here because they do not want this getting air-timed.
  They do not want it on our 400 plus AM and FM stations and over 100 cable and TV stations.
  They do not want it streamed out over InfoWars.com.
  They do not want people to actually hear what this man being targeted by the deep state because he's trying to block their new and older takeover.
  They do not want this man to be heard.
  And so we're going to make sure this information gets magnified and gets out because they are trying to get through Trump to get to us.
  He really tried to be the president.
  He really tried to fix the country.
  He made a lot of mistakes, but did a lot of great stuff as well.
  But there's no doubt they're scared of him and they are making their move against not just him, but all of us.
  So that's the plan.
  I'll give the number out at the end of the next segment.
  I'm going to come back and play the beginning of the speech, and then we're going to take calls on the State of the Republic, on the Trump indictment, on the greatest election interference ever seen, naked in your face, and what you think the globalists are planning next.
  Because I believe they're going to stage false flags and blame it on us.
  They've already declared Trump supporters the number one terror threat.
  They've been hyping it everywhere.
  That's their next move, in my view.
  Do you agree?
  Do you disagree?
  What do you want to add to that?
  So I will get the number out when we come back.
  Also, the Trump campaign is fundraising off of a mugshot they made because they didn't give him a mugshot because they wanted to deny him the image of what they're trying to do, put him in jail for 136 years.
  And so we made a mock mugshot of Trump that I think is just as good as his.
  His is excellent as well.
  And it's both fundraisers for Trump and for us.
  So if you want to support Trump, go get the shirt from them.
  But also get the limited edition shirt at InfoWarsTore.com.
  Ours is very similar.
  Ours says political prisoner and has him in a mugshot photo.
  Political prisoner on the back InfoWars.com.
  His says not guilty.
  Well, regardless, he is a political prisoner of the system.
  They are trying to put him in jail for 136 years.
  They've put him into the criminal justice system as a political prisoner.
  Please go to Infowarsstore.com and get the t-shirt today.
  Again, it's being printed right now.
  They'll be shipping out next week.
  And it funds our operation Infowarsstore.com or 888-253-3139.
  And while you're at it, get the Alex Jones for President shirt, beautiful navy blue shirt.
  Triggers libtards everywhere, meet like-minded people, and that's what keeps us on the air.
  Alex Jones for President 2024 at InfoWarsTore.com.
  I shouldn't joke too much, he'll indict me too.
  All right, President Trump's full censored speech is posted at InfoWars.com, right on the front page right now, and at MadMaxWorld.tv.
  That's the link you can share that doesn't get blocked by Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, and Google.
  By word of mouth, just share the link.
  InfoWars.com, we're an information war.
  And I've got a lot of other global news, and economy news, and censorship news, and the pedophile army marching forward, and just a lot of a big new study, fully vaxxed, loose 25 years of life expectancy study shows a new bombshell.
  Gregory's report that we knew was going on, but he documents it all.
  They're now going to inject, they are injecting livestock with the mRNA shot that infects their bodies, and then you eat the prions.
  They can basically give you something like mad cow disease.
  That's all coming up.
  It is just a crazy world, but let's get started with the Trump speech.
  And then in a few minutes...
  When we go to break, I'm going to give the number out, we're going to open the phone system, literally flip a switch, and I want to hear from you specifically on the state of our republic, where you think this Trump situation is going, and the different facets to it, because this means the deep state is going for insane broke, and the indictment was even weaker than we thought it would be.
  Literal fraud.
  And the DA leaking it to the New York Times, all of it felonies.
  All of it quarterbacked by this Soros Legal Institute they set up, where they let hardened criminals out, and murderers out, and don't even charge them or let them go, and then they put all of us in the prisons.
  And that's the big announcement.
  We're all terrorists, because we're pro-America, and they list all these dozens of things that are terrorists.
  It goes on and on.
  Sex Fiend gets sweet deal from Manhattan DA Bragg on teen rape charge, then attacks five others.
  And again, just last week they charged a parking garage attendant who did his job and went over and confronted a man peacefully.
  He said, what are you doing breaking in cars?
  The guy turns, shoots him in the stomach.
  The man takes the gun away, shoots him.
  They're charging him!
  I mean, this is a plan, folks.
  So let's start with the speech from Mar-a-Lago last night.
   "U-S-A!"
  We have to save our country.
  God bless you all.
  And I never thought anything like this could happen in America.
  Never thought it could happen.
  The only crime that I have committed is to fearlessly defend our nation from those who seek to destroy it.
  By the way, hit pause.
  I want to say something here.
  The speech was powerful, but the crowd would not shut up.
  And I'm not mad at him, but this is one of my big irritants with high-level Trump supporters.
  They're in there drinking.
  It's a big carnival.
  They love being near the president.
  They love the fancy, beautiful architecture.
  And they just, it's like a beauty pageant or something.
  It's like they've arrived.
  It should have been solemn.
  And they should have just clapped when he paused.
  But instead, it's like they're at a rodeo, or a discotheque, and they're, woo, yeah, woo!
  Like it's, this ain't funny, this ain't fun, this is war!
   And people better get that through their heads. This is deadly serious.
   And I'm not mad at the crowd. I've just I've seen it. I've been around it. And there is just a delirium.
  And the same thing happened at his rallies.
  Oh, we're invincible, oh, we can't be stopped.
  It's this, people need to realize how much trouble we're in, so we work hard to fight it and expose it, and go to city council, and go to the school boards, and run for office, and file lawsuits, and don't comply with illegal laws, and civil disobedience.
  We are in trouble, people.
  Because I watched the speech last night when I got home after it wasn't live and it was just drove me crazy.
  But sometimes there's two minutes of applause and whooping and hollering and you just, it's like they're having fun.
  This is not fun!
  And I'm just saying it's the wrong attitude, man.
  Trump is being attacked.
  I'm being attacked.
  Rogers being attacked.
  Let me just say this.
  Owen Schroer is facing a year in prison.
  Sam Montoya that went in peace with the Capitol, showed Ashley Babbitt being murdered, didn't hurt anything.
  He's sentenced today at 1pm Eastern.
  He called me during the break and said, please pray for me, our camera guy.
  So, this is very real, okay?
  There's almost a thousand political prisoners.
   Hundreds of them haven't even been charged two plus years later.
   So there's something about a bunch of people screaming and yelling, "Woo!"
  Yeah!
  Woo!
  Yeah!
   Instead, they should be banging on shields and there should be Wagner playing because
  this is war.
   Instead there should be a War drum.
  Because that's where we are.
  We're not... That's not the sound I want to hear.
  I want to hear humanity awaken.
  Humanity, refine your soul.
  Go back to God.
  I want to hear amen.
  You can tell later in the speech he gets annoyed by it because they wouldn't shut up!
  This is a solemn situation!
   I'm sorry, I'm just so sick of people not realizing how serious this war is.
  
  
  I'm gonna play the speech, I'm gonna take your calls.
  I've just been around the Trump people and around Trump and there's people around and everybody's like all high and like can't believe they're there.
  No, it's like they're in the cool kid club.
  I never wanted to be in the Hollywood cool kid club.
  Never want to be in DC.
  I just don't want to be part of the establishment.
  Trump is anti-establishment and then he's going up against them.
  Better get that through your heads.
  I know our general audience understands that and knows that.
  It's just the carnival atmosphere around Trump was the problem in his first four years with his kids and all the big tech people and all the Hollywood scum and all of them around there.
  And that's why we got our asses kicked.
  That's why they were able to steal the election because people are not serious enough.
  You know, I love comedy.
  I love to screw around.
  I love to do gags.
  I love to have fun.
  We should do it about 10% of the time here on air.
  Remember that?
   Some of the most viral clips ever, but they're all about Seven, eight, nine years old, to see, you see me joke around maybe one-tenth of one percent now, instead of ten percent of the time, because folks, we're not in joking territory.
  We're in a sinking ship surrounded by sharks.
  The toll-free number is 877-789-2539.
   is 877-789-2539, 877-789-2539. Alex, 877-789-2539. On the State of the Republic, on where you
   think this is going, and are they getting false flags ready, which you know they are.
  877-789-2539.
  And this is more like a wake for our republic.
  The good news is the republic can rise from the ashes like a phoenix.
  But, I'm gonna air the speech, it's a powerful speech, but I'm tempted to have them go in and just cut out all the cheering.
  Because there's just too damn much of it.
  You are alive during the World Government AI Cashless Society takeover.
  You are watching the globalist plan to bring down our republic.
  And our country has a great history.
  We've done some amazing things.
  We've done some bad things.
  But we are the best house in a bad neighborhood.
  We are the greatest nation the world's ever seen.
  The most wealth, the most success, the most inventions, and a beacon of the idea of liberty.
  But we have been taken over by criminal elements that tried to dominate the world with our power, and now we are imploding in ourselves.
  Our currency is dying, but more importantly, our souls are dying.
  And armies of pedophilic criminals are coming after the innocence of our children.
  We're taking your phone calls at 877-789-2539.
  The phones are loaded up.
  And I'm going to stop ranting about the speech.
  It's just that the carnival atmosphere, like it's a party and it's fun and I felt like I was at a clown show.
  What Trump said was very good, but he should give the speech again as a speech and with no one there but the camera people.
  And he should do nightly addresses, fireside chats from a desk, and talk about it every day, and the show would explode.
  And I've been saying that for six years, but he never did it.
  And if Trump had listened to me more, we wouldn't be in this situation.
  I think it's obvious.
  I told him all about the deep state, how they were doing it, gave him the specifics, where they were at, why they came after it so hard.
  Now he's listening, but is it a day late, a dollar short?
  I know this.
  We're certainly not living in boring times.
  We're living in very interesting times, as the Chinese would say.
  You live in interesting times.
  Well, we do.
  Let's play a few minutes of the speech, because I'm going to get it all aired here.
  It's about 25 minutes long.
  And I'll play a few minutes, take calls, play a few minutes, take calls, as I said I would do.
  And we're going to cover the world financial collapse that's now confirmed in the third hour with Mike Adams.
   But let's go ahead and go to Trump 
  Thank you very much.
  We have to save our country.
  God bless you all.
  And I never thought anything like this could happen in America.
  Never thought it could happen.
  The only crime that I have committed is to fearlessly defend our nation from those who seek to destroy it.
  From the beginning, the Democrats spied on my campaign.
  Remember that?
  They attacked me with an onslaught of fraudulent investigations.
  Russia, Russia, Russia.
  Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine.
  Impeachment hoax number one.
  Impeachment hoax number two.
  The illegal and unconstitutional raid on Mar-a-Lago, right here.
   According to the FISA courts, the FBI and DOJ relentlessly pursuing Republicans, the unconstitutional changes to election laws by not getting approvals from state legislators, the millions of votes illegally stuffed into ballot boxes and all caught on government cameras, and just recently the FBI and DOJ in collusion with Twitter and Facebook In order not to say anything bad about the Hunter Biden laptop from hell, which exposes the Biden family as criminals and which, according to the pollsters, would have made a 17 point difference in the election result.
  And we needed a lot less than that, like about 16.9.
  It would have been in our favor, not my favor, our favor, because our country is going to hell.
  And we remember the 51 intelligence agents who said Hunter Biden's laptop was Russian disinformation.
  It didn't exist.
  It was Russian disinformation.
  Remember that?
  And that was all confirmed strongly by the FBI when they all knew that it wasn't Russian disinformation.
  And so much more.
  Our elections were like those of a third world country.
  And now this massive election interference at a scale never seen before in our country.
  Beginning with the radical left, George Soros-backed prosecutor Alvin Bragg of New York.
  Who campaigned on the fact that he would get President Trump.
  I'm gonna get him.
  This is a guy campaigning.
  You want to get President Trump at any cost, and this, before he knew anything about me, didn't know a thing about me, he was campaigning.
  As it turns out, virtually everybody that has looked at this case, including rhinos and even hardcore Democrats, say there is no crime, and that it should never have been brought.
  Never have been brought.
  Never have.
   Even people that Our big fans have said it.
  They said, this is not the right thing to do.
  It's an insult to our country as the world is already laughing at us for so many other reasons, like our open borders, our incompetent withdrawal from Afghanistan, where we left behind American citizens, $85 billion worth of the best military equipment in the world.
  Lost 13 magnificent young lives and far too many to mention that are so badly hurt with the loss of arms and legs and facial obliteration.
  The most embarrassing time in our country's history, in my opinion.
  Then our give up on energy independence and even energy dominant.
  We're going to be dominant within six months, more than any other nation times two.
  We had this all just three years ago, our raging crime statistics.
   If you look in Democrat-run cities, numbers the likes of which we have never seen before, the open threats by various countries of the use of nuclear weapons, something never mentioned or discussed by outside nations during the Trump administration in which Could very well lead under the Biden administration's leadership to an all out nuclear world war three can happen.
  We're not very far away from it, believe it or not.
  An economy that has been crippled by the biggest inflation we have seen in more than 60 years.
  And a military that I used to defeat ISIS in four weeks, instead it would take four years.
  Four weeks to kill al-Baghdadi and Soleimani that has now gone woke at the top levels by trying to indoctrinate everyone down to the lowest ranking patriot.
   But now they have really stepped up their efforts by indicting the 45th president of
   the United States who received 75 million votes, which is more than any sitting president
  in the history of our country.
  
  
  And in the wings, they've got a local racist Democrat district attorney in Atlanta who is doing everything in her power to indict me over an absolutely perfect phone call.
  Even more perfect than the one I made with the President of Ukraine.
  Remember, I kept saying that's a perfect call.
  This one was more perfect.
  Nobody said, sir, you shouldn't say that many people on the phone.
  Or hug up and discuss because of something I inappropriately said.
  Because nothing was said wrong.
  In fact, at the end of the call, we agreed to continue our conversation about election fraud.
  And election fraud, specifically in Georgia.
  At a later time.
  Many people on the phone, including lots of lawyers.
  Nobody found anything wrong with that perfect call until a book promotion tour many months later.
  Alright, so what Trump does in the first part of the speech, which is not the most powerful part, it gets very powerful, very historic.
  As he's saying, look at all the false charges before.
  Look at all the things they said I did, I didn't do.
  And now they're just back again, more desperate than ever, because they know we're waking up and they're losing control of our minds.
  I'm Alex Jones.
  This is the InfoWar.
  The globalists are coming for us all, but we're waking up and we're strong.
  We have God on our side and we can and we must prevail.
  Stay with us.
  We'll be right back.
  You better believe you got one!
   From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones.
  
   Alright, we're going to go to your phone calls and more of the speech here in just a moment,
  and I'll just tell the listeners how it works here.
  When I sit here and hammer and beg and plead on air, promoting great products that you already need that are amazing, we're able to be in the black.
  You probably noticed the last three weeks I've barely plugged.
  I haven't hammered things because I don't like coming up here.
  I want to cover news and information and just begging and pleading and explaining.
  We did the accounting yesterday.
  We're back in the red.
  We've just gotten out of it.
  And I guess this is where God wants to keep me.
  It's all in God's plan, I'm sure.
  Uh, but you need these products anyways.
  These are great products that are life changing and we won't be here if you don't support us.
  So Trump has a war chest of $400 million.
  That's great.
  He deserves it.
  Wonderful.
  Everybody's supporting Trump.
  We don't have a war chest of a million dollars.
  So we need to be able to stay on air.
  Bankruptcy is going well.
  They found out we're not hiding money.
  They found out I've told the truth about everything.
  The reorganization is going well, but not if there's not enough money to fund the operation.
  So you need ultimate krill oil.
  Highest quality, highest grade krill oil that does over the top things for your cardiovascular system, your brain, your mind, your psyche.
  It's next level.
  We have great fish oil as well.
  Those are 40% off.
  We're selling out of the great idea my dad had, the turmeric, a non-fluoride toothpaste with all the essential oils.
  More will be in a few months, but we've still got it at m4worstware.com.
  These two products, one comes back in in about three months, another one comes in in about four months.
  But we, these are best sellers.
  But we need the funds now.
  So, Real Red Pill Plus, with the Preglanone, all these things that boost your natural hormones, your overall stamina and everything, it's 40% off.
  DNA Force Plus, selling out.
  We're down like a thousand bottles.
  Won't be in for a long time.
  40% off still.
  Infowarstore.com.
  But really, this is an information war.
  So I would really encourage listeners to go to infowarestore.com and get an Alex Jones for President shirt.
  You'll get great conversational peaks.
  You'll meet a lot of cool people in the leftist area that you might get shot.
  But I go out in public and get nothing but love these days, so we're really, really winning.
  That shirt's available, limited edition.
  It won't be sold very soon.
  Also, the Trump mugshot.
  They never did a real mugshot, so we already had created one.
  It's being printed right now.
  It'll be shipping out next week.
  Says political prisoner with a picture of Trump in a basically a lineup or a mugshot on the back.
  Infowars.com.
  It's a limited edition shirt as well.
  It's a fundraiser shirt.
  I want to thank you all for your support.
  Get a signed or unsigned copy of my best-selling book, The Great Reset and the War for the World as well.
  I want to thank you all for your past support.
  I want to encourage those on the fence.
  The fight's now, folks.
  We're the tip of the spear.
  You're the tip of the spear.
  Please get off the bench.
  Especially those of you, because I know 99% of our audience never buys anything.
  Just go to InfoWare store.
  I'm in your hands.
  You're in my hands.
  Realize you're in a fight.
  Fund the fight, or roll over and die.
  Appreciate your support.
  Okay.
  Play a few more minutes of Trump's speech.
  It gets better and better.
  The front's okay, but it gets really good.
  We'll play a few more minutes, go to your calls, play a few more minutes, go to your calls.
  We're gonna go to Daryl and Alex and Eric and David and Anne and James and Pete and Baldy and Luke and others.
  But first, more of the Trump speech from Mar-a-Lago.
  They're censoring.
  This fake case was brought only to interfere with the upcoming 2024 election.
  And it should be dropped immediately.
   Then you have a radical left lunatic known as a bomb thrower, who is harassing hundreds of my people day after day
  over the boxes hoax.
  You know, the boxes hoax, as we call it.
  Just so everyone knows, I come under what's known as the Presidential Records Act, which was designed and approved by Congress long ago just for this reason.
  Under the Act, I'm supposed to negotiate with NARA, the National Archives and Records Administration, which as of this date is a radical left troublemaking organization that red flags the Constitution of the United States and the Bill of Rights as dangerous and triggering.
  Can you imagine?
  This is what we have to deal with.
  But there is no criminality under the Presidential Records Act.
  That is not what it's all about.
  We were negotiating in very good faith, proper way, in order to return some or all of the documents that I openly and in very plain sight brought with me to Mar-a-Lago from our beautiful White House, just as virtually every other president has done in the past.
   When FBI and DOJ officials with narrow and Here, I told my lawyer to show them the very secure storage room in which they were locked.
  The FBI's sole request in writing was, could you please put another lock on the door?
  We immediately complied.
  It's a lot different than the Biden situation, isn't it?
  The next thing I know, we were raided by many gun-toting FBI agents, who took whatever they wanted, including my passports and medical records.
  Everybody was in shock.
  Nobody had ever heard of such a raid before.
  I can't even believe it.
  Who would think that could happen today?
  I immediately thought of the Fourth Amendment that protects against unreasonable search and seizure.
   But they did it anyway because our justice system Has become lawless.
  They're using it now, in addition to everything else, to win elections.
  Apparently they're not looking at me through the view of the non-criminal Presidential Records Act.
  They came up with a new one.
  This is a new one.
  And they're looking at me through the Espionage Act.
  Think of that.
  How does that sound?
  Of 1917, where the penalty is death.
  Even though that has absolutely nothing to do with openly taking boxes of documents and mostly clothing and other things to my home, which President Obama has done, the Bushes have done, Jimmy Carter has done, Ronald Reagan has done.
  Everybody's done.
  In fact, Hillary Clinton got rid of 33,000 emails.
  That was okay.
  But nobody's done it like Joe Biden.
  This lunatic special prosecutor named Jack Smith.
  I wonder what it was prior to a change.
  Who others of his ilk say he's even worse than they are.
  Is only looking at Trump.
  Yet Joe Biden took massive amounts more documents.
  Even removed many boxes to Chinatown.
  You believe that?
  Yeah, put him in a Chinese restaurant.
  Where did that come from?
  I guess they were banking on Hunter's expertise.
  And had others stored in unsecured offices in Pennsylvania and stored all over his garage floor where his now very famous Corvette is also stored.
  All over the floor, including classified documents.
  But that's okay.
  Perhaps most importantly, he has 1,850 boxes in Delaware, which he is refusing to give up.
  But isn't that real obstruction?
  That's obstruction.
  As president, I have the right to declassify documents.
  And the process is automatic.
  If I take them with me, it's automatic.
  Declassify.
  Biden was vice president.
  He had absolutely no right to declassify as Vice President.
  He doesn't come under the non-criminal Presidential Records Act.
  He comes under the very criminal Federal Records Act, unfortunately for him, but it's not going to matter because they don't follow the law.
  Which has very severe penalties.
  Ah, that's good for now.
  This is all true.
  We're going to start the next hour.
  We're going to air that little five-minute segment that some stations don't carry.
  An incredibly important Gregory's Report about confirming they are injecting cows and now other livestock with the mRNA spike protein which gets in the tissue, then you eat, and you can get sick from it.
  So we're going to go on a break.
  We're going to air that special report.
  We're going to come back and take all your calls.
  In fact, I'll get to a bunch of your calls for a couple of seconds before we play more clips, because now the speech gets really good about the Soviet Union and tyranny and how they want to enslave you and how he's going to take down the deep state.
  And all of that is coming up next hour ahead of Mike Adams joining us.
  But start your engines.
  All the callers, Daryl's up first from North Carolina.
  We're going to go to you when we come back on the other side.
  But look at this deceptive headline from Mediaite.
  Trump called to defund the police after his own arrest.
  And I knew what I was going to read before I read it.
  He's called to defund the FBI and the Justice Department because they've run a coup against America.
  He's called for increasing police funding for local police and school safety.
  But they then turn around and say he's doing what they're doing.
  Absolutely, the Justice Department.
  Everybody at the top should be fired there.
  In fact, you don't have to get rid of these agencies.
  You've just got to get rid of the deep state operatives in them.
  But fine.
  It's easier to just abolish them than create a new agency with new people.
  Whatever.
  We all know it's time to fire this rogue government that's hijacked our country.
  It's that simple.
  We'll be right back with hour number two on this historic April 5th Wednesday broadcast.
  Madmaxworld.tv.
  Share that link.
   ThinkMadMaxWorld.tv We now have three new game changing products.
   They're in stock at InfoWarsTore.com and one of our best-selling products sold out for over a year
  that's now back in stock.
  Our prebiotic does need any introduction.
  It does such amazing things for your gut flora, your overall health.
  What it does is essential.
  Go read about it at Infomercial.com.
  And now, the fourth toothpaste designed by my dad.
  The last two were big hits.
  This one is really special.
  It's turmeric concentrate with a bunch of other essential oils and so much more to take your mouth's health to the next level.
  We also have high quality ashwagandha root for your libido, your stamina, your testosterone with black pepper extract to accelerate it as a pill.
   And we have Posh Waganda Root gummies as well,
  very strong, very powerful.
  Now in stock at infowarestore.com.
   Go there, experience these great products and others, and fund the InfoWar.
  The only way we fail is not taking action.
  God bless you.
   Now please visit infowarestore.com and experience these powerful products for yourself.
   The genetic editing of plants to contain edible vaccines is well underway.
  Work is being done with bananas, potatoes, tomatoes, lettuce, rice, wheat, soybeans, and corn.
  Companies like Medicago are using gene editing to turn plants into mini bioreactors.
  Medicago's manufacturing facility looks like a nursery, but inside these plants, they're growing a new kind of vaccine.
  The technology is called a virus-like particle.
  At Medicago, we use a careful step-by-step process to develop vaccines, using our plants as mini bioreactors.
  We start with the gene sequence.
   or code of a virus. We then use our technology to synthesize the virus code
   into a real biological product. The code contains genetic instructions that our
   plants can read and we insert it into bacteria called agrobacterium tumefaciens. We submerge the plants in a bath with the
   bacteria that carries the information into the plant cells.
  And using a vacuum, we suck out the air between the plant cells and replace it with the liquid.
  The plants absorb it like a sponge.
  At the end of their bacterial bath, we return our plants to a carefully controlled greenhouse to let them get on with their natural growing business for at least four days.
  Now the plants will start producing the most important ingredient of our vaccines, virus-like particles.
  Gene editing is now officially in our meat industry.
  Lobbyists for the Cattlemen and Pork Associations in several states have confirmed that they will be using the mRNA COVID vaccines on their livestock.
  Attorney Tom Renz has been warning that there is no law requiring anyone to give informed consent for vaccine food.
  There are no laws requiring anyone to tell you the food you are buying has been vaxxed with the spike protein clot shot.
  The UK recently passed into law the Genetic Technology Precision Breeding Bill.
  The bill amends the Environmental Protection Act of 1990 to exclude references to precision-bred organisms so far as they relate to marketing.
  Precision-bred organism is another term for gene-edited.
  So now in the UK, food that's been gene-edited can be legally marketed as non-GMO.
  And if this UK gene-edited meat makes its way to America, it can be labeled non-GMO here as well.
  And so long as it's butchered in America, it can be labeled product of USA.
  The fake alternative meat being pushed by Bill Gates and others is made of immortal cell lines.
  In other words, cancerous tumor cells.
  Real meat is being blamed for climate change.
  And a recent independent study suggests that most of our meat is already contaminated.
  Using infrared spectroscopy and electron microscopy, Dr. Ana Maria Mialcia has been studying the blood of the vaxed and the unvaxed for over a year now.
  And at first, she was finding the same contamination in only the blood of the vaxed.
  A contamination that she describes as ribbon-like structures, much like the mysterious blood clots being found by coroners.
  But lately she's been finding these ribbon-like structures in the blood of the unvaxed as well.
  By measuring the frequency of one of these mysterious rubbery blood clots, Dr. David Jenigan has developed a way of detecting the same frequency in the vaxed.
  Recently, he's found this unique frequency in the meat being sold in his local grocery store and asked Dr. Mielcea to confirm his findings.
  Her microscopy showed that the blood samples taken from products in the grocery store were all contaminated with the similar ribbon-like structures found in the blood of the vaxxed.
  Most of the meat in the grocery store is from overseas, and if we want to eat uncontaminated meat, we'll have to start buying direct from farms in America that still produce all-natural organic protein and take back control of our democidal government.
  Reporting for InfoWars, this is Greg Reis.
  I want to get it all in this hour, but we've already gone through about half of it.
  The media is censoring it.
  We'll play a few more minutes of it, then go to your phone calls responding to this historic crisis.
  Here it is.
  They don't follow the law, which has very severe penalties.
  He had classified documents that he took while he was a senator, which is absolutely inexcusable.
  And other senators, including Democrats, are outraged.
  But he's not being harassed, hounded, like the people who work for me are.
  In fact, they seem to have forgotten about his documents entirely.
  So many thousands and thousands.
  It's okay with him.
  They like to say that I'm obstructing, which I'm not.
  Because I was working with NARA very nicely until the raid on my home.
  But Biden is obstructing by making it impossible to get the 1850 boxes or explain why many documents were located in Chinatown.
  Can't explain it.
  Why were they in Chinatown?
  I don't know.
  Lastly, I'm under investigation.
  This time a civil investigation by another racist in reverse, who also campaigned on, I will get Trump.
  I will get him.
  This was her campaign.
  Never ran for office.
  I will get him!
  Her name is Letitia James.
  And she proclaimed while campaigning, quote, I look forward to going into the office of the Attorney General every single day, suing him, and then going home.
  Before she knew me.
  She announced, what is fueling my soul right now is Trump.
  And that she had her eyes on Trump Tower.
  Those eyes are focused on Trump Tower.
  Didn't know the young lady.
  She even assured her supporters in an election promise that we're going to definitely sue him.
  We're going to be a real pain in the ass.
  He's going to know my name personally.
  Meh.
  
  And then she claimed that I was an illegitimate president.
  Think of that.
With all we did, with all we did on energy, with all we did on the military, on taxes, biggest tax cuts in history, biggest regulation cuts in history, right to try, people able to get drugs now that aren't approved. 
  
   Leticia James vowed to use every area of the law to, quote, "investigate President Trump and his business transactions."
  Those transactions are going to be investigated, she said.
  And that of her family.
  And his family.
  Because we're going after his family.
  And we're going after them hard.
  This is all before entering office and all before knowing anything at all about me.
  But she's going to get me.
  This is why, along with unrelenting crime, so many people and companies are leaving New York.
  She said that I falsified my financial statements, but in fact we're proving and will prove that my financial statements were substantially more than we submitted, not less.
   And in all cases have a strong disclaimer clause in them which tells the institutions that may look at that, if they want to, Not to rely on the same.
  But they've got a problem with their case because, number one, I'm very under-leveraged.
  They can't believe it.
  All the stuff they read and gave.
  And have very little debt relative to the value of assets.
  And importantly, not one bank has lost even one dollar.
  She was investigating me to save banks.
  They're very good lawyers.
  But they didn't lose a dollar with us during this period of time.
  In fact, the banks we're talking about made almost $200 million off Donald Trump, and they liked me very much.
  We never missed a payment, never got a default notice, had a great relationship with all of them.
  I don't need banks.
  I have a lot of cash.
  I built a great business with my family.
  Built a fantastic business.
  And again, this is the weakest part of the speech.
  It gets really hardcore, but we're going to go to your calls first, where he talks about the Soviet Union and the tyranny and the takeover of America.
  If anything, Trump defends himself too much.
  He's got to go on the offense more here.
  But yeah, compared to anybody else in business, because they've got laws written for everything, they selectively enforce them.
  The guy's as clean as a whistle.
  And they've tried to put him in jail for decades.
  And now they just don't care.
  They're going for it.
  Even the left admits it's an empty indictment.
  This is so dangerous because it shows the people that have hijacked our country are inept.
   They don't care how bad it makes them look because they think they'll never Get in trouble for the crimes they've committed.
  Alright, let's go to Daryl in North Carolina, then everybody else.
  Alex, Eric, David, Ann, Stan, Pete, Baldy, Luke, we'll get to all of you.
  Daryl, what's your take on this?
  Hey Alex, yeah, I watched that whole speech last night and it seemed to me like he was the captain of the Titanic, telling everybody that the ship just hit an iceberg and we're going down.
  Get ready for your lifeboat.
  And I felt the same way about the applause and cheering.
  I felt they were a little too celebratory and not enough sobriety.
  But, you know, it's things are coming so hard and so fast that I think people's heads are spinning.
  And what you're about to talk about with the Soviet Union, that's exactly the parallel that I want to tell you about, which is that, you know, I had some I knew some Russian people that lived next door to me that went through that in the mid 80s when they collapsed.
  And talking to them, it was about a 10-year period of hardship.
  So people, you know, I think we've got to get more, you know, sober and really take the preparing seriously.
  But that was my takeaway.
  I agree with you.
  And next hour we'll talk with Mike Adams about the real state of the economy.
  It is...
  Crazy.
  Rickards, big economist, says, why the panic is just beginning.
  Global bankruptcy already baked in.
  U.S.
  economy grinds to halt as loan demand sells crater in aftermath of bank crisis.
  Fear gauge in U.S.
  Europe rises as traders flee banks.
  Forget BW3, it's Bretton Woods 2 that delivered neo-feudalism soaring inflation.
  ADP employment report confirms labor market weakness in March.
  Futures dip out of private payroll data after hawkish surprise of New Zealand.
  UBS chair warns of execution risk in credit sussy takeover.
  Says integration will take four years.
  FedEx restructures operations to create more flexible, efficient network.
  It just continues on.
  So, the world is in crisis, they're moving away from the dollar, and the average conservative I still don't think gets that we're in a total war, new world order takeover.
  And I'm not mad at the crowd.
  We found a version that didn't have them too loud.
  Actually, the mic up at his podium, the rest of the feeds I saw, I couldn't even hear what he was saying.
  They were yelling and screaming the whole time because they were just so excited to be at Mar-a-Lago.
  This isn't about a bunch of peacocks at Mar-a-Lago.
  It's about the country in crisis, the world in crisis.
  Right, right.
  And in parallel, if you want to kind of look at where we're at, we're probably in year two of about a 10-year process.
  That, you know, they have to go after the savers, the people with the money.
  That's why it's the big, you know, the white Americans are the ones to go after.
  They're the villains.
  Well, those are the ones who have 401ks.
  They're the ones that still have savings, a couple of hundred grand in a savings account in the bank.
  And they're the ones who traditionally take the haircut.
  And then when the central banks take everybody's money, they call reparations, even though the blacks will get none of it.
  Bingo.
  So then that they continue to turn everybody against each other.
  And it's the intelligence agencies guiding this.
  I think the FBI has pretty much told us that they're in charge.
  If you look at their behavior the last few years, they're signaling that they're the ones in charge.
  That's right.
  They've merged with the CIA and the Pentagon and are in one unified group against us.
  Exactly.
  And what it is, I think you had Antti Rosi on from Big Island a while ago.
  Great interview, by the way.
  She gave some great advice.
  What do you do, everybody?
  Don't do nothing.
  Let them eat themselves.
  That's right.
  They're spoiling to get a physical fight going to legitimize them.
  Nope.
  We just live our lives, work with each other and just let them kill themselves.
  Exactly.
  That's exactly right.
  Yep.
  Stay out of the way.
  Don't try to protest.
  Don't try to beat it because eventually the evil will go after itself.
  And that's how you do it.
  But again, we're in a multi-year process of this.
  So I think the Trump indictment also is going to be the distraction.
  Alright, thank you Darrell.
  Great points.
  More calls straight ahead.
  You're listening to the Alex Jones Show.
  We're live on this Wednesday edition.
  We're taking your phone calls right now.
  We're down to the last eight minutes of Trump's speech.
  The most important part, but first we'll take more calls before we go to it.
  Luke in Indiana, thanks for calling.
  You're on the air.
  Hi Alex, how we doing?
  Man, I've just, I live to be inside the New World Order.
  It all came through like the old-timers said, exactly like they said.
  I mean, we are, we are living revelation.
  I've been listening since 2011, and I cannot believe I'm seeing this.
  I started getting active.
  Hey, I can hear you clear, and I think you turned your head away.
  Talk right in the receiver.
  Yes, sir.
  I started getting active recently because I've seen all the COVID stuff roll out.
  Um, we got a TMI group.
  Um, it's, uh, a new group.
  I just wanted to go over the State of the Republic and how important it is to stay positive.
  Yeah, listen brother, I'm not screening your call, so you're on air right now.
  The problem is your phone's really muffled.
  Can you, are you on a speakerphone?
  No.
  Uh, can you hear me?
  Just try to put your mouth right up to it.
  Yeah, can you hear me?
  Loud and clear now.
  Okay, go ahead.
  All right.
  Yeah, I just wanted to talk about the state of the republic and the importance of staying positive.
  The republic, we're in like really dangerous times right now.
  You got the whole Trump narrative going through, you know, and it's a bad in and of itself, but like you got economic collapse.
  Um, you got S686 and stuff that are going through.
  Uh, I actually did a show yesterday on, um, I seen, uh, the vaccines and the food, like they're hitting us with vaccines and the food supply and stuff now.
  And it's getting serious, man.
  It's messed up.
  That's right.
  They're going for broke, and I can hear you loud and clear.
  And you're absolutely right that Trump and this indictment is just a symptom of how out of control the globalists are.
  Yeah, you got the CIA with complete information warfare against the people through propaganda, through the Smith-Munt amendment that Obama passed.
  No one's talking about that, you know.
  There's so much information warfare and I can't harp on that enough.
  How just... We're being hit from every facet.
  From a multi-faceted just getting a beat down.
  People need to stay positive though, you know?
  Get out there, get locally active.
  No, I agree, Luke.
  It's one hell of a historic time to be alive.
  Thanks for the call.
  Eric in Arkansas.
  Go ahead.
  Hey, Eric's gone.
  Let's go to Ann in Florida.
  Ann, you're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Hello?
  Yes, welcome.
  God bless you, Alex, and the crew also.
  Thank you.
  My comment is that, as you know, Trump is a showman.
  And while the arrest for me was, the whole thing was a publicity stunt by Trump.
  He could have stayed in Florida.
  Governor DeSantis said he wouldn't extradite him.
  And he went.
  And to me, he just surrendered again, just like he did with the election.
  So it's really a disappointment, and it's just for show.
  Well I think it's fair to say he backed down on some of the election and backed down on the shots, but if he didn't go to New York, they would say he was guilty and absconding, and they could probably get a federal warrant and bypass that.
  So I think, you know, going and facing his false accusers and saying he's not guilty, I think that's kind of his right to do that.
  I don't know if it's fair to say that was bad.
   Maybe it's right, but to me it just It's just like he choked again.
  And, uh, you know, he gave up on the Jan Sixers.
  And his best friend, Paul Manafort, is still in jail.
  You know, the guy that ran this campaign.
  I just, I just, he's not doing it for me.
  Well, Manafort is out of jail.
  Oh, that's good.
  Finally.
  But listen, I have your criticisms of Trump.
  I mean, I agree with you that he's not perfect.
  But clearly they're trying to election meddle and keep us from having the candidate that the majority would vote for right now.
  He would be president if the election was held tomorrow.
  I hope we have a different candidate.
  I know your show has been pushing him and everything, but I don't really see him as the answer.
  He had too many people voting for him.
  I know shill's a $10 word, and that's cute and everything, and I like it.
  You said Paul Manafort's in prison.
  He was out of prison two years ago.
  Okay?
  You said I'm a shill, so just tell me how I'm a shill.
  Use the word shill.
  You use the word shill.
  I just said you guys are pushing him.
  Every time you have on Roger, he's, you know, he's like slamming DeSantis, claiming his wife as, you know, the Academy Award doll, and it's just really not nice.
  And then it's just to me, you know, I don't really see it.
  I'm a Floridian.
  I really like the governor.
  I like Ron Paul.
  I mean, there's other people that I think could do the job because, like I said, Trump choked, and I don't think he deserves another chance.
  Okay, listen, I share your criticism of Trump on the poison shots, but the system coming after the frontrunner, if they did this to a Democrat, I would be against it, okay?
  Oh yeah, I agree what they did was bad, but I think he's just putting on a show.
  Alright, I appreciate your call.
  There's no doubt Trump's a showman.
  I agree with you on that.
  I thought you said you're a shield.
  You know, that's a classic thing to say.
  Baldy in Florida.
  You're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Yeah, hi Alexander.
  This is why this is the greatest show in the history of the world because you allow people to come on and call you a shield to your face.
  So thank you very much for this opportunity to speak to everyone because I really feel that together we are changing hearts and minds and we still may be able to save the world.
  As a longtime listener, I've tried nearly every one of your nutraceuticals.
  Products like DNA Force, Super Male Vitality, and your Vitamin C and Zinc with Lowe's Hips have become staples of my everyday life.
  Thank you.
  You're welcome.
  And what I feel is more important, though, is your filtration systems.
   The fact that we spend one-third of our life in our bed Everyone should have an air filter in your bedroom at least you have no idea what you're missing if you don't and if you're not filtering your water that you drink the water that you cook with or even the water that you
  Clean your fruits and vegetables with, again, you are not taking your health into your own hands like you can.
  It'll change everything for you.
  And once you get back the shower filters, I propose you put together a package with all three to get everyone started with a healthier living.
  Well, let me interrupt you and then we'll come back from break ball and you'll get your point out.
  But I want to just say something about this.
  They came out two weeks ago.
  We've done some reports on it, but I haven't covered it personally.
  They gave the Health and Human Services Department and the EPA, months ago, a 50-plus university, 20-year study consortium that the IQs are dropping because of fluoride in the water and fertility.
  Of course, they knew that.
  That's why they did it.
   And Admiral whatever his name is, the guy that dresses like a girl, He blocked that, but the report still came out.
  So yes, they are bombing us through the water supply.
  If you think it's bad they're giving mRNA shots to some of the cows, which then creates prions you can eat and get sick from, and what does giving a cow a shot do?
  It's all just a way to hit us with it.
   If you think that's bad, Ladies and gentlemen, what they call fluoride is just toxic waste.
  That's a buy-all catchphrase.
  For up to 300 plus chemicals, they dump in the water so they don't have to store it or process it.
  So stay there.
  Baldy will come right back to you in more calls.
  To finish up with Trump's historic censored speech, straight ahead, MadmaxWorld.tv.
   I have a son here who's done a great job, and I have another son here who's done a great job. And Darren will be
  great someday.
  He's tall.
  He's smart.
   But I have a great family and they've done a fantastic job and we appreciate it very much.
  
   So she's suing me over banks that weren't defrauded when she should be focused on violent crime that's driving
  people out of the state.
  This is a persecution, not an investigation.
  She's put our family through hell.
  It's cost hundreds of millions of dollars to defend, but our heads are held very, very high.
  They want to settle the case, but I want no part of that.
   So here we are now, where we were today, in a city that was So great just four or five years ago.
  But now we're there, and timed there today as you possibly read, with a local failed district attorney charging a former president of the United States for the first time in history on a basis that every single pundit and legal analyst said, there is no case.
  There's no case.
  They kept saying, "There's no case."
  
  Virtually everyone.
   But it's far worse than that, because he knew there was no case.
  That's why last week he delayed for a month and then immediately took that back and threw this ridiculous indictment together.
  Came out today, everybody said, this is not really an indictment, there's nothing here.
  Our lawyers came to me and they said, there's nothing here, they're not even saying what you did.
  The criminal is the district attorney because he illegally leaked massive amounts of grand jury money.
  For which he should be prosecuted.
  Or at a minimum, he should resign.
  And Alvin Bragg's wife confirmed a report that claimed her husband has Trump nailed on felonies.
  She has since locked down her Twitter account.
  His Chief Prosecutor, who represented the Democrats and crooked Hillary Clinton in a firm run by Chuck Schumer's brother, Robert.
  He quit the firm in order to go to work in the DA office, in order to get Trump.
  Can you imagine that?
  Hillary Clinton's lawyer, Democrat lawyer, Democrat firm.
  Ultimately, he quit as Chief Prosecutor because Bragg didn't think he had a case!
  Think of the same guy that brought this ridiculous thing today.
  Yet during his investigation, this prosecutor named Mark Pomerantz wrote and published a book saying all sorts of privileged things, has been very strongly, really reprimanded.
  He was reprimanded so strongly.
  I've never seen anything like it.
  I'm probably the end of it.
  What he did was probably very illegal.
  But he was very, very strongly reprimanded.
  Even District Attorney Bragg was furious with him.
  They were having a tremendous fight in the office because of him.
  But hope is never lost because various prosecutors in the DA's office also quit because they thought President Trump was being treated very unfairly.
  How about that?
  Didn't they quit?
  No, I love them.
  I'd like to meet them.
  The DA's office even had a webpage.
  Meet the team of executives who have done this to President Trump.
  That was the title.
  Isn't that nice?
  They immediately had to take it down.
  Meanwhile, overall, crime in New York was up 30% last year.
  Much more than that the year before, with felony assaults, robberies, and burglaries all up by massive, massive numbers.
  Not the same place that I know.
  Not the same place that you know.
  And this is where we are right now.
  I have a Trump-hating judge with a Trump-hating wife and family whose daughter worked for Kamala Harris and now receives money from the Biden-Harris campaign and a lot of men.
   We recently had another trial and the same judge told the fine man who worked for me for many, many years That if you admit your guilt, you will be in jail for 90 days.
  But if you don't, if we go through a trial and you're found guilty, you're going away for 10 years and maybe longer.
  Which for a 75-year-old man with a great family, really means life.
  What the prosecutors and judge did to that man, I will never forget.
  This is right out of the old Soviet Union, that's where we are.
  They said, you say anything about Trump, meaning that's bad, and you won't even have to serve the 90 days, you'll walk free.
  And they say that to many of my employees.
  We have this Jack Smith lunatic threatening people every single day through his representatives.
  They're threatening jail terms.
  But talk about Trump and you'll go free.
  This is where we are as a nation.
  Who would have thought?
  They can't beat us at the ballot box, so they try and beat us through the law.
  That's the country in which we live, however, right now.
  The USA is a mess.
  Our economy is crashing.
  Inflation is out of control.
  Russia has joined with China.
  Can you believe that?
  Saudi Arabia has joined with Iran.
  China, Russia, Iran, and North Korea have formed together as a menacing and destructive coalition.
  Would have never happened.
  If I were your president, it would never have happened.
  Nor would Russia attacking Ukraine have happened.
  All of those lives would be saved.
  All of those beautiful cities would be standard.
  Our currency is crashing and will soon no longer be the world standard, which will be our greatest defeat, frankly, in 200 years.
  There will be no defeat like that.
  That will take us away from being even a great power.
   If you took the five worst presidents in the history of the United States and added them
   up, they would not have done near the destruction to our country as Joe Biden and the Biden
  administration have done.
  Incredibly, we are now a failing nation.
  We are a nation in decline.
  And now these radical left lunatics want to interfere with our elections by using law enforcement.
  We can't let that happen.
  
  With all of this being said...
  And with a very dark cloud over our beloved country, I have no doubt, nevertheless, that we will make America great again.
  I'm going to go to break.
  I'm going to come back and get to all your calls.
  Baldy and Pete and Stan and everybody that's been holding.
  Mike Adams is coming up with huge banking news and major breaking information.
  But I can tell you, the deep state is moving against everybody right now.
  There's a lot I can't tell you on air at this point.
  But believe me, this is beyond a movie.
  Okay?
  Even what's happening to Infowars.
  They are making their move.
  The country is on its knees right now.
  If we just wake up, we'll be on our feet and we'll win.
  This is the intelligence agencies, through the bureaucracy, through everything, is waging war.
  They're destroying our borders, annihilating our energy infrastructure, flooding us with fentanyl, brainwashing our children, trying to destroy our families, starting World War III, engaged in epic level corruption.
  This is it.
  We have lived in an age of destruction.
  Hear about other countries that are corrupt and fall apart.
  Well, it's happened to America.
  No country's ever gone past 220 years.
  We're 245 years old.
  We're the oldest country or empire in history.
  And we are on our deathbed right now.
  And now this new revolution they've got is meant to bring us into total tyranny on the other side.
  I'll be right back, stay with us.
  I want to say something very clearly to all of you right now.
  Since the end of World War II, the intelligence agency sees full control of the U.S.
  They have been running us in the ground.
  They're controlled by the Carnegie, Ford, and Rockefeller foundations.
  They do not want us in control of our destiny.
  They are desperate.
  They are in trouble.
  They are panicking.
  Their programs are in trouble worldwide.
  They're destroying our dominance in their attempt to dominate the world.
  It was America's soft powers when people listened to us because they thought we were free and they aspired to be like us.
  Now they hate us!
  But the world shouldn't hate America.
  Americans on average are still good people, not as good as we were.
  We're going to make our republic strong again and an example of the world, not a bully.
  But I can tell you behind the scenes, ladies and gentlemen, I've learned information, I'm not at liberty to tell you yet, of just how bad it is.
  The enemy is moving on all fronts against everybody right now.
  We are in the middle of a coup.
  They're not just going after Trump.
  And you should take every hour we're on air as very special.
  So I could be off the air by tomorrow, just so you know.
  Now do I got your attention?
  
  They're about to tank everything, ladies and gentlemen.
  You're about to not have food at the grocery stores if we don't stop them.
  These people are psychotic communists.
  Who do you think created communism?
  The Rothschilds, the richest people in the world.
  They rob you!
  What does Soros do as they're aging?
  He goes around and bankrupts countries and steals old people's pension funds, and the left worships him!
  When he was 14, he was rounding up fellow Jews!
  What a nice person!
  Mike Adams is coming up on the Banking Collapse.
   And I've got to attend to things, so I'm going to introduce him here.
  He's the takeover and host.
  We'll do a great job.
   Ladies and gentlemen, let's go ahead and talk to Baldy in Florida.
  You wanted to make your political point.
  Go ahead.
  Yes, and first I'd like to say that I agree with everything you just said, and I feel it in my heart.
  But first, I want to go back to the spectacle that I witnessed last night alongside my beautiful wife.
  She immigrated here from Cuba, just recently gained her citizenship, and we thought we were watching the Oscars or maybe WrestleMania last night, and not the fall of our republic.
  In 2020, we moved our family here to Florida, not because of DeSantis and his policies, but in spite of President Trump and his lockdown policies.
  Yet still, as they were stealing the election away from President Trump, I was telling anyone that would listen that if people in power didn't stand up and stop this, that our country was doomed.
   Now, I believe that even if Trump comes out against the COVID shot, as well as the people who trumped him into pursuing it, which would hands down win him the election, The Deep State and their international partners will ignite three nukes, triangulating the country, causing total martial law and causing hell on earth.
  And if you'd like to know the three cities that I've seen, probably about 10 years ago, Dallas, Chicago, and it was originally Boston.
  The nuke that they moved across the country, which Lindsey Graham last told us was off the coast of Carolina, is probably the third one that they haven't said on, but guaranteed Dallas and Chicago will be one.
  Then perhaps Washington, D.C., but originally it was Boston.
  And I remember a CIA war game that I covered like 15 years ago or so of the exact same attack.
  Thanks for the call, Baldy.
  Let's go to Pete in Washington.
  Go ahead, you're on the air.
  Thanks, Alex.
  I just wonder if you'd ask Robert Barnes why he turned on DeSantis so aggressively when DeSantis is opposed to the Vax, but Trump isn't.
  Okay, well let's talk about that.
  Barnes was into some of the internal discussions with the two, trying to get him to run as a running mate.
  He believed they would do it.
  DeSantis went ahead and decided to go ahead and run against Trump.
  Barnes works for Trump, and that's no secret, so he's going with Trump.
  It's not rocket science.
  I like both men.
  I like Trump more because he's anti-World War III.
  I don't want this to be a contest, a personality contest.
  Now they've gone after Trump, and it's wrong what they're doing to him, and he's being politically persecuted.
  They're trying to take our right to vote for who we want.
  So even if it was a candidate I didn't like, I would be against them doing this.
  So what, do we just throw them to the Soros wolves?
  We just say, screw you, Trump?
  No, Trump just has had an opportunity to pardon Julian Assange, to pardon Owen Schroer, to pardon the January 6th, to stand by you relative to the First Amendment, to stand by American gun owners, to do something about voting integrity, to do something about- Boy, hold on, a lot of that, you're right about Assange, you're right about Assange and the shots, and a lot of it, but you're wrong.
  They didn't charge most people until after he was out of office, so to say he didn't pardon January 6th people, the President doesn't have the power after he's out of office.
  You have the power to pardon prior to charging.
  He could have pardoned all the January 6th people the day after.
  He could have said, I should have been there, I should have told people to back out like Alex Jones did.
  I just wish Trump would show the fire to make a change in the world like you show.
   When you were there with Sundar Pichai, you were swinging for the fences.
  America is in dire straits.
  We need somebody who's going to swing for the fences.
  And you do that, but Trump does not.
  Well, look, don't get me wrong.
  I'm super critical of Trump and all the Hollywood-esque crap and Jared Kushner.
  I'm just simply saying, they're going after him fraudulently now.
  We cannot support that, even if you don't like Trump.
  No, I agree they're going after him, but he spoke 95% of the time on his ego and how they molested his underwear, and then five minutes on all the other... No, I agree.
  Why did he talk about his underwear and his passport?
  He should have been on the attack.
  But he says gold, like, I'm going to take down the Deep State and the New World Order, and, you know, I just... I mean, what am I supposed to then... Okay, what am I supposed to support then?
  Biden?
  No, you're supposed to keep the forum open, as exactly as you do, for people like DeSantis to be heard.
  Because what he's signing, gun rights he just signed against CBD... No, I love the stuff!
  I love DeSantis!
  I just felt like recently it became DeSantis is somehow a bad guy.
  Trump gave money to McCain for 10 years!
  Trump gave money to Clinton!
  To Hillary Clinton!
  No, and he said, he said, I bought these people, that's why I'm able... I get it!
  So, I don't, I mean, DeSantis is a working class kid, grows up in an Italian family, goes to the military.
  How's he supposed to rise through the ranks without making some accommodations as he goes?
Well, no, I said that. 
  Just because he was part of the establishment before, you gotta judge him by his fruits later.
  And I totally agree with that statement.
  Well, God bless you, and I just think the thing is, you gotta strike when the iron is hot, and you gotta make your move when the time is appropriate.
  The time for DeSantis to move has been recently- Well listen, I had Judge Andrew Napolitano on yesterday.
  He talked to top Democrat fundraisers, top people.
  He told me, I can say it on air, but not, you know, the who-who.
   And they said, they actually want Trump because they think they can beat him, and so, That's basically what's going on.
  They did this to energize Trump with his base so that Trump is the nominee to actually stop DeSantis.
  So the whole time we thought they wanted DeSantis, it looks like they want Trump.
  But it's just, it's super complex Machiavelli.
  And it's not like the globalists know everything.
  Hillary wanted Trump because she thought she could beat him.
  She was wrong.
  You get that?
  It's not like these people are God, brother.
  Yeah, but they fixed it 2020.
  He won and they stole it from him.
  Damn right.
  I appreciate your call.
  Great call.
  I'll give you the next person.
  Alex in Florida.
  Go ahead.
  You're on the air.
  Hey, Mr. Jones.
  Thank you for taking my call.
  And thank you for the signed copy of The Great Reset.
  When I marched with you in 2020, I had a copy of my Constitution and your security wouldn't let me get close enough to you.
  They pushed me.
  But I marched with you the whole way and I'm glad I finally got your signature.
  And it's a family heirloom until the day I die.
  Ask and ye shall receive, right?
  The state of our union?
  Dire straits.
  The Trump speech could have been better, but it was still effective.
  And a 35 foot thousand view I have?
  The currency is collapsing.
  Cause and effect is absolute.
  And when you see what the globalists and the deep state and the Democrats are doing, they're wise enough to know the cause and effect of what they're doing.
  That's why they're building camps.
  That's why they're allowing sleeper cells into our country.
  That's why they're allowing the world to drop the dollar.
  They indicted Trump because they don't want to have even the slightest chance of him coming in and trying to reverse any of it, stopping the world from dropping the dollar.
  And with all that said, the only real solution and the only real thing we all need to do is prepare now.
  Get your families to prepare, because when it all is said and done, we're going to need to come together and we're going to need to mitigate this.
  And the realest power we have is voting with your dollars.
  Go to Infowarsstore.com, get storable food, water filtration, everything you need to get, because that's how we're going to survive what is inevitably going to happen by cause and effect.
  Cause and effect is absolute.
  It's one of God's laws.
  Nothing in nature can escape it, and they're wise enough to know that because of the causes they're producing, they're preparing to displace millions of Americans and collapse our entire country.
  So unless we cause something massive to happen, this is inevitably going to happen.
  So, granted, the awakening's here and we have time... Hold on, hold on, Alex.
  Don't hang up.
  You're on fire.
  I want to come back to you in two minutes, hear what you have to say.
  We'll be right back.
  Then Mike Adams is coming.
  We'll continue with your calls as well.
  InfoWars.com.
  Tomorrow's news today.
  
   If Alex Jones runs for president in the Republican Party, he has a chance of winning.
  
  
  If you just tuned in, you may be noticing I'm wearing an Alex Jones for President 2024 shirt.
  I am not seriously planning to run for president.
  This is an idea the crew had, to have a triggering shirt, kind of next level.
  Alex Jones was right.
  There's Infowars.com on the back, Alex Jones for President 2024 on the front.
  It's a fundraiser shirt.
  It's made out of really nice fabric.
  It's high quality.
  And it is a exclusive shirt to Infowarsstore.com.
  And when the shirts are gone, they're gone.
  We're doing one run.
  No way!
  That's a bridge too far!
  That's no, it can't be.
   have a historic memento, be able to spread the word, meet a lot of like-minded people,
  and you'll be able to keep us on the air.
   No way. No way. That's a bridge too far. That's no, it can't be. And I said on national television
  that he was going to win.
  At InfoWarsTore.com.
  
  All right, Alex, you're making some powerful points.
  Let us know more.
  Yes, sir.
  So am I back on?
  Yes, that's right.
  Your name's Alex.
  My name's Alex.
  You're on air.
  Go ahead.
  All right.
  So, yeah, I'm a realist and I'm a God-fearing man.
  And we can absolutely turn this around if we cause the effect of turning it around.
  But until that happens with everything you see now, get ready to dig in.
  Prepare now.
  It's better to be weeks, months, days ahead than a day too late, like Steve Quayle says.
  And that's why I've done everything in my power to help everybody that I can.
  But I always tell people, everybody always says, Alex, you're crazy.
  This is never going to happen.
  But if it does, I know to come to you.
  That's not our solution.
  Everybody needs to prepare and everybody needs to do the best thing they can for them and their families.
  So that way we can come together when it's all said and done.
  But it's going to happen.
  They're going to drop the dollar.
  They're going to not allow him to get into presidency.
  And they're already building the solutions for those effects.
  If you believe in God, the next coming of Christ is us.
  We are our salvation.
  But if we don't see major action happening, whatever that looks like, I'm not calling for any kind of violence, but we need to cause things to happen.
  And until that happens, get ready to prepare, so that way you can mitigate the effects of what is inevitably going to come.
  And God bless you, Alex.
  I love your show, and I love supporting you.
  I tell everybody about you.
  And I have almost all your products.
  And I love The Great Reset, by the way.
  I'm in Chapter 2, and you're pretty funny.
  I won't lie.
  It's a serious book, and I love it so far.
  But I love your satire and the way you pose the questions and, you know, how you dissect The Great Reset and Schwab and his foreword.
  And it's a great book.
  I highly recommend everybody get it.
  And thank you so much for taking my call.
  I hope everybody who can hear me now prepares now.
  Don't slack on it.
  You just got the storable food and the water filters back in.
  Get it now while you can, because if they're going to keep genetically modifying all of our food and mRNA-ing it, you're probably just going to have to sit there literally eating that storable food, or you're going to end up getting compromised and you're going to get the spikes.
  You are absolutely right.
  Thank you for the call, Alex.
  Wow, powerful callers.
  Let's talk to Stan in Texas.
  Go ahead, sir.
  Hey, so I think it's really interesting.
  Trump's coming out in his speech and he's talking about how Bragg and James ran their campaigns to get elected to their offices about, we're going to get Trump and put him in jail or we're going to lock him up.
  Well, you know, we saw so many Trump rallies where the main thing said there, every single Trump rally was, lock her up.
  Trump literally ran on that particular promise, which he couldn't even do.
  He couldn't even get anywhere near Hillary.
  And I just gotta say, it's ridiculous.
  Also, Trump's speech was not hidden by the mainstream media.
  Nearly everybody friggin' covered it live!
  You're crazy if you think that it didn't happen.
  And you're lying if you are telling people that it's being censored.
  It's not.
  It's all over the place.
  Okay, well a bunch of channels, I've got the articles right here, said they weren't going to carry it live, so they played a few clips out of it.
  So, I mean, you're saying Trump wasn't taken off Twitter and Facebook, none of us are being censored.
  I appreciate, I appreciate your worldview.
  It's an interesting universe.
  Good points.
  All right, we're out of time for calls right now.
  More calls are coming up.
  Mike Adams wants to get into the whole world financial collapse.
  It's a lot bigger than America.
  We'll talk about that with Mike Adams when we come back after this 60-second break, where we join a lot of stations that are out there.
  I get a lot of people hate Trump.
  I get a lot of people are pissed at Trump.
  I am too.
  I've been a big critic.
  But them going after him for no reason is election meddling and is wrong.
  Tucker Carlson has a lot of issues with Trump.
  They forced him to support him.
  I've talked to Tucker about it.
  So we'll talk about that first with Mike briefly, then get into the financial situation.
  JPMorgan head, the banking crisis is not over.
  And so much more straight ahead.
  InfoWars.com.
  Tomorrow's news today.
  InfoWars.com.
  And of course you can find Bandot Video at madmaxworld.tv.
  It's hard to share Bandot Video on platforms because of the censorship.
  The last caller said it doesn't exist, but that URL is working right now.
  You can share it at madmaxworld.tv.
  We are now into hour number three of the show that was supposed to be off the air a long time ago.
  Everything we warned you of is now unfolding and happening.
  World government, cashless societies, forced injections, synthetic meat, you will eat the bugs, you will own nothing and like it.
  JPMorgan Head, the banking crisis is not over.
  Rickards, why the panic is just beginning.
  Global bankruptcy has already been baked into the cake.
  U.S.
  economy grinds to halt as loan demand sales crater in aftermath of bank crisis.
  Fear gauge in U.S.-Europe rises as traders flee banks.
  And it goes on and on as they bring in the new world financial system.
  The Health Ranger, one of the greatest researchers out there.
  Mike Adams joins us now for the hour, co-hosting with me.
  I want to hit the banking crisis, the food crisis, the confirmed attacks on food and infrastructure as well as energy.
  But first, your take on Trump and these indictments and where you see this is going.
   Because regardless what we think of Trump, It is wrong what's happening in my view.
  Even mainline Democrat analysts say there's no case here.
  And so even if people don't like Trump, you cannot support illegal prosecution, especially of a president.
  They point out this creates a banana republic situation.
  Maybe you can explain it to people.
  Yeah, well, this prosecution of Trump is, of course, completely off the charts, insane, but they've handed to Trump the best opportunity probably in history to win the presidency in the next election, if we even make it that far.
  I'm not sure we will.
  I'll talk about that here today with you.
  But Trump, this is now Trump's election to lose or to win.
  I mean, it's his choice.
  So he's in, he's got the popularity, he's doing fundraising, and most importantly, the Democrats, I think, miscalculated.
  They're showing how evil they are, how totalitarian they are.
  They're showing that they are willing to do anything and everything to suppress their political opponents.
  And as you know very well, Alex, they would not be doing this to Trump if they weren't terrified that Trump can win this thing.
  And I also think, by the way, and this may be very controversial, but so what?
  I think that Trump did not see for a long time the seriousness of the criminality of the deep state.
  Trump did not realize how we were being censored early on.
  It took Trump a couple of years to come around and realize that censorship was taking place.
  Trump was late to realize that his supporters were being deplatformed, demonetized, prosecuted.
  And I think this is kind of a wake-up call for Trump himself.
   to be threatened with years in prison and I think it's actually a very positive wake up call
   so that Trump can know that guess what everything is at stake here.
   He's really got his head in the game and I study body language and I know Trump and I've been with
  him but he's usually calm super calm that doesn't care.
  He is in war mode and looks completely energized now.
  And the statements he's been making are very powerful about, we've got an occupied country, we've had a coup, we've been hijacked, we're going to take it back, we're going to remove these agencies.
  I mean, he put the line on the sand a few weeks ago, that's why they came after him.
  He didn't back down.
  Well, exactly.
  I mean, he's really getting it now.
  And I've been skeptical of Trump's motivations on things like Operation Warp Speed and so on, and you have too.
  But looking at him now, I think he is in the perfect position to have the courage to do what is necessary to truly work to take this country back.
   And I've even said on my podcast, I said, you know, the right leader for America has to be someone who is willing to sacrifice for this country, willing to bleed metaphorically, willing to be He's got to have skin in the game.
  Absolutely.
   And this is the first time that I've felt like Trump is actually at risk of being thrown
  behind bars and taken down.
  And I think he will rise to the occasion because of this.
   So if Trump were an investment fund right now, I would recommend buy Trump, go long
   on Trump, invest in Trump, because I think his paradigm is shifting and he's now starting
  to realize how desperate these times are.
   But then we'll talk about this, Alex, as long as you can stay.
   I'm not sure we make it to election day, but we've got to get into that.
   Please continue for more on Trump and then you'll have the floor to get into all the
   banking and exactly mainline analysts say global depression, but that's in the financial
  higher echelons.
  It's not trickled down to the public.
  
  Right, yeah, and we will cover more of this, but I brought a stack of collapsed fiat currency with me today, and if my team could show this on camera here.
  These are bills from Zimbabwe, and these were actual currency that collapsed, and we have here $1,000,000 right here from Zimbabwe, and then it just went insane as they kept printing.
  Here's $50,000,000 here, then $100,000,000.
  500 million, okay?
  And this was all legal currency.
  This was as the government was saying... And by the end of their collapse, you couldn't buy dinner with that whole stack of money you have.
  Hundreds of millions of dollars.
  Exactly.
  A billion.
  Five billion.
  Alex, it keeps going.
  Twenty billion.
  Here is a ten trillion dollar bill.
  Right here.
  From Zimbabwe.
  And then behind it, I have a stack of, these are actually Hollywood fake bills, but it's a stack of hundred dollar bills that would be worth about ten thousand dollars if they were real right now.
  These aren't real.
  These are counterfeit bills.
  I mean, you know, Hollywood fake playbills.
   But the point is, you know, just for show, but the point is that these dollars Yep, yep, exactly.
  So yeah, there's a collection that you're showing.
  Right now, what we're looking at with the dollar is absolutely devastating.
   And in fact, throughout the rest of this hour, I'm going to present some additional information about record bank withdrawals and about the de-dollarization that's happening globally as So many countries around the world, not just the BRICS nations, but other countries are abandoning the dollar on purpose.
  They're weaponizing this against America because they see America as the global bully and they're tired of getting punched in the face by this global bully by being cut off from the SWIFT system and other things.
  We're going to talk about Saudi Arabia.
  We're going to talk about the petrodollar.
  We're going to talk about how rapidly this whole thing can unwind here in America.
  We're in desperate times, and I think it's a controlled demolition, right?
  So they want to collapse the system, roll out the central bank digital currencies, and they need to do this now, a timeline before Trump can get elected.
  Because Trump will, if he gets into power, he can turn this around.
  They have to do everything now, including financial terrorism.
  Exactly, say what you want.
  He would reverse the economic policies, cutting off the energy, killing the dollar.
  He already did that, made us energy dominant, dollar dominant.
  Exactly.
  They want to destroy the country.
  He doesn't.
  And that's why they're racing to the finish line to accelerate.
  Again, we say, why are they doing policies that would destroy the dollar?
  Because they want to do that to bring in this global financial crisis on the ashes of which they build the central bank digital currencies.
  Yeah, exactly.
  And remember, they will even show the Central Bank Digital Currency bailout system as your savior, your rescue.
  So when they crash the fiat, which is all this stuff, they'll crash this, and then they'll tell you, oh, your money is safe.
  Yeah, the banks are all gone now, or most of them.
  But if you want your money back, you have to sign up for the Central Bank Digital Currency system.
  So give us your eye scan, give us your biometrics, give us your fingerprint.
  You're now tied to that system.
  Your money is safe there.
  And then the local retail banks will be gone under this kind of paradigm.
  You will no longer have a relationship with a local banker.
  You won't be able to take money out whenever you wish.
  You'll be under the programmable money system total control of the Orwellian surveillance money control grid.
  And that will be the end of human freedom, especially combined with the restrict act.
   If they pass that, As you know, that's the end of the freedom to speak.
  So they're trying to enslave us with our speech, with censorship, they're trying to take down the money supply, and they're trying to prevent Trump from winning the next election.
  Those three things, those are the three vectors that I think are the major wars taking place in America right now.
  And Mike, here's the summation here, and we'll come back and break down the technicals and look at all the details.
  We're coming to the end of the cycle.
  It's been their bubble for power.
  It's their crisis they created.
  We let them do it, so it's partially our fault.
  But now they want a new system, so they want to pose as the saviors as they bring down their old system and bring in their new.
  Now is a critical time to expose them and offer an alternative.
   So when we hear the problem and we come back, you're a great mind on this, that after that next segment, in like 15-20 minutes, Tell us your ideas for solutions, because we can't just offer, hey, they're bad, hey, they're evil, they're going to do this to you, which is true.
  What do we offer as the solution?
  Which is why they don't want us on air.
  They don't just want us on air because we're exposing their agenda.
  They don't want us to put out alternate blueprints for the future, which is why Musk has been doing good, saying, I have an alternate plan for humanity.
  I want humanity to join me and decide what the plan is.
  They don't want you even knowing there's been a plan made.
  They just want us to go along with this anti-human, transhumanist plan.
  Naturalnews.com.
  Brighteon.com.
  Just like Bandot Video.
  Brighteon.com is an oasis of truth and hundreds of great contributors and so much more.
  We launched our sites right around the same time.
  Great minds think alike.
  Didn't even know he was doing it.
  Didn't know I was doing it.
  But that's how it works.
  We'll be right back.
  Brighteon.com.
  Welcome back to the Alex Jones Show.
  Mike Adams of NaturalNews.com does a superlative job on his own show.
  You can find it at Brighteon.com.
  He's not being interrupted, so I'm going to do my best not to shut up.
  I have my own ideas about this, but again, here's the bottom line.
  The bottom floor of this.
  We are not in Kansas anymore.
  Everything I warned you about for 29 years, 29 years next month, has come true.
  I didn't look into a crystal ball to know this.
  I studied what patriots were saying, what was going on from mainline books and research and people like Fletcher Prouty that was the head of Black Ops under Eisenhower and Kennedy and countless others and Barry Goldwater and all of them and my family.
  Who were American hardcore patriots who were battling communists and who were in the government and who saw this as well and never gave me the details of it.
  But I mean, my uncle was one of the top people in Iran, Contra.
  I had a bunch of other family involved in super secret operations.
  And they just told me the country's being hijacked.
  Here's what they're going to do.
  They've kicked all the good people out.
  And this was 30, 40, 50 years ago.
  Okay, so we're here now.
  Everything they tried to stop and they slowed it down is here.
  It's all coming to a head now.
  Mike Adams, the global design financial crisis to bring in the financial new world order.
  Mike Adams.
  We are very close to the trigger point of all of this, where the globalists, they roll out their controlled demolition system.
  Let me give you some facts right now.
  So over the last three weeks, we've seen over $220 billion in outflows from the banking system in the United States.
  That's never happened before.
  That's historic.
  That's biblical levels.
  Most of the banking system is technically insolvent.
  If people want their money out, they won't be able to get it.
  That's what happened to Silicon Valley Bank.
  That's why they went under.
  That's why the Feds had to step in and bail them out.
   But after that bailout, I've done some rough numbers on this, Alex, and it turns out that the FDIC right now only has enough money remaining To cover one out of a thousand dollars that are currently on deposit in the United States system.
  It's a rough number.
  It might be slightly higher than that.
  It might be $1.5 out of a thousand, but it's a pittance, right?
  So they can't cover people wanting their money out.
  And yet people want their money out because for the first time they don't trust the banking system, at least since 2008.
  They don't trust it.
  So people are taking their money out and they're putting it into many other things.
  And this is actually a rational decision.
  Alex was asking me before the break, what are some of the solutions?
  I think it's rational to move your money into less risky venues.
  And what a lot of people are doing, taking their money out of the banking system, and they're putting it into things like, some people are buying treasuries, like short-term treasuries, 30-day treasuries.
  Some people are moving it into mutual funds.
  But then Blackstone just announced, I think it's Blackstone or BlackRock, I think it's Blackstone, was just announcing that they are limiting withdrawals out of their REIT, the Real Estate Investment Trust.
  You can't get your money out on the timeline that you want.
  It's stuck there.
  So it's kind of a bail-in, kind of a slow bail-in.
  But other places that people are putting money, like this, gold and silver, silver coins right here, physical silver.
  People are putting their money into crypto.
  And frankly, I am more positive on crypto's role right now than I have been in a decade.
  Because, not to say that it's wise to speculate on crypto, but crypto cannot be messed with by the government in terms of adding supply, or even banning it.
  If they could have banned Bitcoin, they would have done so by now.
  They can't ban Bitcoin.
  That's right.
  Digital currency is not our enemy.
  Centralized digital currency is.
  You nailed it, exactly.
  In fact, I think decentralized digital currency may be our off-ramp to all of this for a lot of people.
  And there are some very smart people out there.
  I've been having a lot of private conversations.
  I haven't even done interviews with these people yet.
  There are solutions that are being built right now for decentralized crypto that blow away even better privacy, better resistance against surveillance or resistance against being taken down and so on.
  There are solutions on free speech.
  Alex, if you and I, if we stay alive here for the next five years, I guarantee you five years from now, your video platform, my video platform, all of our platforms will be decentralized peer-to-peer platforms.
  We won't even have central servers, and that's the way it should be.
  Every peer sharing data and bandwidth and storage so that it's resilient, it's resistant against being taken down.
  Same thing will happen in areas of websites, for example.
  Domain names, email, text messaging, you name it, decentralization is the answer.
  So the globalists are trying to centralize control with the Restrict Act or by taking down the money system and forcing you into their digital wallets, but trying to centralize control.
  Our solution for humanity, including food and farming, is decentralization.
  All the way.
  That's my take on it, Alex.
  Looking at the banking crisis itself, when you actually read the Moody's and the rating agencies, they say total crisis, the bank heads say it.
  You watch the news, they say everything's okay.
  And we know why they do that, historically.
  They want all the new money to come in, while they suck their money out.
  And we know, you talk about the record level exodus of big money out of banks, it's the big money doing it, while they're not telling the little guys.
  Expound on that.
  Yeah, well, exactly.
  They have off-ramps for themselves, and I think a lot of this money that's been sent to Ukraine was actually funneled back into bribes, kickbacks, money laundering for the Democrat Party and for key individuals in the State Department and in the Senate and so on.
  That's what I think.
   Has happened this entire time so they have their own off ramps But they want to leave us in the lurch with nothing remaining the average American person is going to be wiped out and Financially speaking and to your credit Alex you've been warning about this for over 20 years And you've had guests on who have consistently and repeatedly warned about this exact scenario guests like Gerald Salenti for example And I've interviewed people as well Everybody out there has had plenty of warning time about what is about to go down.
  The question is, are people willing to take the action necessary to protect themselves right now?
  All right, Mike, we got two minutes to break, but I'm going to try to give you the floor when we come back to walk through all this and other facets of this.
  But what is, and I know the globalists haven't decided quite yet, so nobody knows, but what's the timetable right now?
  Wow.
  We don't know exactly the timetable, but we know time is short.
  So we could see more bank failures over the next few months.
  In fact, I'm confident that's going to happen.
  We're going to see a lot more money printing.
  I mean, it could be hundreds of billions of dollars a week coming up.
  We're seeing a compacting.
  We're seeing an acceleration.
  Yes.
  Right, so I wouldn't be surprised if the national debt begins to increase by a trillion dollars a month, and then after that, maybe even by the end of this year, a trillion dollars every two weeks, and then in the next year, a trillion dollars a week.
  And at some point, it's going to go full Zimbabwe here, where you're going to have a ten trillion dollar note, and you're going to hope you can buy a loaf of bread with that.
  That's where it's going.
  And the pension systems are going to be absolutely gutted, and bondholders are already being gutted.
  Exactly.
  Let's talk about the repercussions.
  We're not trying to be mean, but people need to know what's coming.
  Everybody, I'm not telling you what to do, because I'm out of money, which is fine.
  I've expended it all on the fight.
  I would be going into farmland, gold and silver and seeds and equipment and relationships and infrastructure.
  I would be, you know, like you were smartly did 10 years ago, hauling ass to build a farm.
  I should have already done it.
  Well, you're exactly right that people can escape the risk factor of these systems by getting into hard assets that will hold value through the collapse.
  There will be a rebuilding on the other side.
  We will survive this, those of us who are prepared.
  And to the extent that you can protect your assets in things that will hold value, could be real estate, could be gold and silver, could be ammunition, could be food, whatever, lots of things.
  You will make it through this and you'll be able to participate in the reconstruction of America that I hope and pray will happen on the other side.
  My disclaimer, Alex, I'm not a financial advisor.
  People should do their own research and do what's best for them.
  But that's my opinion on the matter.
  Absolutely.
  Look, look, we're not going to save it now.
  Let's be honest.
  Now we got to talk about crash landing.
  Everything is how to survive the crash.
  We're in the crash.
  The plane's going down.
  There's no turning that around, folks.
  But we can land the plane and have survivors.
  Global Bankruptcy already begged in.
  Key article at ZeroHedge.com.
  It's also on InfoWars.com.
  All right, Mike.
  You do a great job when I'm interrupting.
  You do a superlative perfect job when I'm not.
  So you're going to host the rest of the hour.
  And then Kate Daly is going to be taking over.
  Owen Schroeder at 3 p.m.
  There's a very good chance I'm going to be on The War Room co-hosting today.
  The greatest threat to Infowars ever behind the scenes has been discovered.
  There's attempts to shut us down right now as we speak.
  I'm not a dramatic person.
  You have to understand, people say, well how are you handling that?
  They're going after everything right now.
  The coup run by Soros to Deep State is in full swing.
  They're coming after everybody.
  We are the canary in the coal mine, but no, you're next.
  Pray for InfoWars right now.
  I appreciate your support, and I love you, but I don't even want you to buy a product at this point.
  I want you to tell everybody you know, tune in to the show tomorrow.
  Tune in over the next few days, okay?
  Because this could very well be our last, okay?
  And I've never said that before.
  I'm telling you that now.
  Nuclear war is days away perhaps.
  The deep state would not be doing something this reckless.
  They weren't about to move.
  Mike Adams, Natural News, take over.
  All right.
  Thank you.
  Thank you, Alex.
  And folks, Alex deserves tremendous credit for trailblazing all of this and creating these opportunities for the rest of us to even bring you these kinds of messages.
  Without InfoWars here, over all these years, you know, frankly, we wouldn't be here.
  So many other voices out there would not exist.
   So I know Alex didn't ask you to To support him at InfowarsStore.com, but I'm going to.
  Go to InfowarsStore.com, check out the specials, check out the products.
  They are outstanding products.
  I say that as a food scientist, I say that as someone who has tested many of their products myself, someone who's even a customer of the products that they offer that we don't offer ourselves.
  And, you know, we're complimentary in this space.
   And by the way, even, you know, I'll just admit this publicly, this video wall that we have running right here, I wouldn't have been able to do this without... I asked the InfoWars crew, like, what kind of software can run this video wall?
  And they told me, you know, just happy to share, happy to help support others, as I am happy to help others in this space.
  We are working together on Team Humanity, so I want to thank Alex Jones, I want to thank InfoWars, and I want to thank the InfoWars crew for helping us get all of this up and running.
  Folks, we need redundancy.
  We need more voices.
  We need more platforms.
  We need more independent people.
  And that's happening.
  It's happening organically.
  There's so many amazing voices rising up right now to tell the truth about what's happening and to expose the criminality of the system.
  But Alex is absolutely correct that we're on the verge of potentially nuclear war, World War III.
  We're on the verge of a total engineering collapse of the monetary system.
  And when Alex said earlier that he's going to come on the war room but leave the rest of this hour to me, I immediately reached out to John Perez.
  And so we're going to have John Perez joining us here in just a minute to talk about... Actually, you know what?
  Let's bring him on here in this segment.
  Just give me an okay once he's good to go.
  But we're going to get John Perez on to talk about the acceleration of the collapse that's happening globally.
  And this is, the dominoes are already in place.
  The fiat currency is already collapsing all over, around the world in terms of its purchasing power.
  And they are just one, you know, engineered black swan away from toppling the entire system and plunging us into chaos.
  The kind of chaos from which societies may not recover.
  So, John Perez joins us now.
  Silver is Money is his channel on Telegram.
  Yes, can you hear me?
   Money News. John Perez, are you there? If so, welcome to the show.
  Yes, can you hear me? Am I coming through?
   Yep, I can hear you and see you, John, loud and clear. How are you doing today?
  Excellent. I'm doing wonderful.
  Nice to see you on Alex Jones' show and very, very happy to be on board here.
  You guys are right on target here.
  We have a system that is going down right now and as Alex said, we're getting ready for crash landing.
   I mean, this is, the masks are down, you know, everyone's seat belted in and There's going to be, you know, there's going to be bad times ahead.
  It's already happening.
  It's already collapsing.
  We're moving very, very quickly.
  We are literally in the quickening phase.
  Right out of the movie Highlander, you know, it's like where the lightning is coming from the sky and McCloud is feeling it.
  And his metallurgist friend Ramirez says to him, you're feeling the quickening here.
  And I'm feeling it right now.
  Everyone's feeling it.
  Let me ask you, John.
  You talk to a lot of people in the gold and silver space.
  I'm sorry to interrupt you.
  There's a slight delay, but I've talked to other people like Andy Sheckman, for example, people in the gold space.
  And Andy did a great interview with Robert Kiyosaki recently on the same point.
  Everybody that I'm talking to is describing that people are right now terrified.
   I mean, there's a strong emotional terror that people feel like they might lose all their money and that they're thrusting their assets into things like gold or silver or
  land or other things.
   What are you hearing, John, in your private conversations, you know, without giving up anybody's name or anything, but
   what are you hearing from people right now as an indication of where they are emotionally
  with what's going on?
   Well, I think everyone pretty much is in a controlled panic mode.
  I mean, and I say that respectfully, that people are moving quickly, double time, pulling cash out, bringing home money.
  People are starting to finally accept the fact that silver is money.
  So rather than having their cash in the bank system, they're only converting their fiat to literal silver on hand in storage, in physical possession, different ways.
  But now people are really, there are now people moving out completely out of the 401k system, completely out of the iris.
  They don't mind taking the hit, they just don't trust the system.
  And you can't blame them.
   You look at banks like Silvergate Bank, Silicon Valley Bank, Credit Suisse, UBS,
  and now we have Deutsche Bank on the ropes.
   We have Jamie Dimon getting deposed for banking relationships with Jeffrey Epstein.
  We're not gonna get any warnings like this.
   We're like at this biblical moment where for me, when I look at the banking system,
   I just think one thing, it's like a biblical referral to beef in the night.
  Overnight, you go to sleep, your bank's just fine.
  You wake up in the morning, suddenly a bank holiday.
   And I think people have finally come to that point where this is where we're at.
  And that's where I think we're at.
   But pulling money, pulling cash, converting to metals is the place to be right now.
  Let's talk about bail-ins and bank freezes because there have been rumors that there would be limits on withdrawals from banks that come down very, very soon.
  I'm sure you've heard of those rumors.
  As I mentioned earlier, we saw Blackstone limiting withdrawals from its REIT, the Real Estate Investment Trust.
   Redemption requests in March, I think, were something like I don't know, five billion dollars?
  That's a rough estimate, but they cut it off at a fraction of that.
  So most of the people who wanted to get their money out of that system were not able to do so, at least in that month.
  Maybe they'll be able to do it now in April.
  But what are you hearing or seeing in terms of a movement toward bank restrictions on withdrawals or bail-ins?
  What are you seeing there?
  It's already happening.
  I mean, I have, I brought you, as you know, I broadcast live nearly 24-7.
  I have a very active group and I'm getting feedback from everywhere.
  People, they can't pull cash out, their ATM's down, ATM's saying you're past your limit.
  They're trying to pull cash out saying, I haven't pulled any cash out today.
  They're telling me I passed my limit, but I pulled no cash.
  But I'm getting this from Canada.
  I'm getting this from the East Coast, the Midwest, California.
  So it's happening in splotches everywhere.
  But I get it back in real time, because since I run a live feed on Telegram, I get it live.
  People say, I ask people, if you have any problem pulling money out, what are you going to do?
  So what I've been telling people is, I had a couple of people say, I cannot pull cash out of the markets.
  What should I do?
  You know what?
  Call your gold server guy.
  I mean, I've got my guy.
  Wire the money through.
  They may stop your ability to pull cash out, but if they're still allowing you to do bank wires, you can still convert that cash in your account using a wire to pick up more metals and have it delivered to you.
  Clamp down on bank wires as well, and I've talked to people who said that they've had a banking relationship for 20 years with a bank, and they tried to buy gold with a bank wire, tried to wire like $30,000 or something in the bank, or asked them, like, are you sure you want to do this?
  What's the money for?
  What is it?
  And could it be a scam or something?
  Like, they don't want anybody to take their money out.
  But, John, stand by.
  We'll be back.
  We're going to go to a quick break here.
  This is the Alex Jones Show.
  Mike Adams with John Perez about the financial crisis that is now set upon us in America.
  Stay with us.
  We'll be right back.
  All right, we stand here today on the edge of the cliff of global financial oblivion, and those in charge of the Western financial currencies appear to be a suicide cult.
  They want to throw us all off the cliff and take us down with them as they destroy society in every way possible and turn America's cities into desperate Mad Max, escape from L.A.
  landscapes.
   We now have apparently a communist A candidate that just won the mayorship for Chicago, I believe his name is Brandon Johnson, was just elected last night, and this man is more radical extremist to the left than Mayor Lightfoot was.
  He'll probably turn Chicago into the worst crime-infested zone of violence and lawlessness, destitution that America has ever seen.
  And when you combine that with the coming financial collapse, you've got to realize, people are going to go insane.
  They're going to lose it.
  They're going to get desperate when the ATMs don't work, when the food stamps don't work, when the banks don't work locally.
  People are going to go completely insane.
  And because the Democrats are defunding police, first responders won't be there to help you.
  And in cities like Chicago, they've made sure that you don't even have a Second Amendment right to carry a firearm in self-defense.
  So good luck.
  In Chicago no wonder everybody's leaving that place now.
   We're continuing here with John Perez Silver is money is the name of his channel on telegram and John I got to show you I brought silver here today to add some actual metal here because I have a lot of fiat currency on the desk as
  well, a lot of failed fiat currency.
   I was showing this earlier, the $10 trillion bank of Zimbabwe note right here, failed $10 trillion.
   I'd rather have one ounce of silver than $10 trillion of failed fiat currency.
  So, John, how rapidly can this happen, do you think?
  I mean, we're seeing the devaluation of the dollar right here, but all these nations are starting to jump on recognizing BRICS systems.
  How fast can this thing turn against us?
  I think we could be in another world come this Monday morning.
  I mean, I had my people to get everything done by August 22nd, 2020, August 31st, 2022.
  And I've gone over the special banking letters, the bail-ins, we've all talked about this here.
   And now with this situation with Trump, A lot of people aren't watching the geopolitical side.
  Armies are moving around the world.
  You have Finland joining NATO.
  There's going to be a big nuclear response from Russia.
  We have the entire Middle East converging to back up Syria.
  We've got problems in Israel here.
  But most importantly, Saudi Arabia, they're ready to trade.
  We're going to get a press release probably between now and Monday.
  There's going to be a news release regarding Saudi oil transactions.
   The minute that goes, We're going to see weapons moving from Russia to Saudi Arabia.
  They're going to probably stop weapons buying here.
  All these things cascading.
  It's a quickening.
  And even I'm at the point to where I make a lot of big predictions long term out.
  And what I'm seeing now is that I can't even keep up with the fulfillment of my own predictions.
  So that's why I say we're in a quickening phase here.
  And now's the time to move fast.
  I mean, I mean, I'm very adamant with my people.
  You got to get it done.
  Get it done.
   Do not Do not wait to see the tsunami.
  I always use the example of a tsunami.
  Some of us run to the top of the hill prepared to see the tsunami come in.
  Some people run down to the ocean to see the tsunami and get swept away.
  Now's the time to pack your stuff and get ready and take action immediately.
  You mentioned this press release from Saudi Arabia that I want you to go into more detail about that, what you're hearing or researching in that space.
  But I think you're referring to an announcement that the Saudis would allow clear transactions for oil purchases in many other currencies other than the dollar.
  That would be what's being referred to as Operation Sandman.
  Which I interviewed Steve Quayle yesterday, and Steve Quayle's been talking about Operation Sandman, a simultaneous global denunciation of the petrodollar.
  That would be like D-Day, that would be apocalypse now for the dollar, would it not?
  Yes, and I also believe it's coordinated.
  This is going to be global.
  We're going to see, as soon as Saudi Arabia makes their move, it is going to be, it is going to run across the world, going to run around the world.
  You're going to see China move.
  You're going to see Russia move.
  We're going to see South Africa move.
  Now, this is really important because I'm in the commodities, precious metals, gold trading, stock sector here.
  So, I'm focused on, we got a big news here in rare earth metals.
  We're going to have big news in platinum and palladium.
  Because the minute these moves come to dump the dollar, Biden, in my opinion, is going to have a knee-jerk reaction and threaten Saudi Arabia.
  And when that threat comes, that is when Saudi Arabia is most likely going to pull the rug.
   If we see 2 million more barrels cut, which I'm expecting, We're going to see oil go to $150.
  Gasoline in the United States will be back over $5, $6, $7, even $8 here in California.
  We're going to see trucking stop coming out of the ports.
  This stuff is happening right now.
  But here's the problem.
  It can happen just like that in a snap.
  And the general public is not in tune with commodities.
  But this is my specialty.
  I'm just literally frontline guy here.
  But these are happening right now.
  And you can see they're going to pull the trigger here.
   And I'm expecting Biden to move basically first say no more weapons for Saudi
   Arabia. The minute you hear about weapons purchases from Saudi Arabia being cut off, that's when the
   door is going to open to Russia to make up for the gap you've got Iran buying or trying to
  buy jets.
  Yeah, we have China. Let me jump in, John.
  So let me just bring the audience up to speed in case they don't know the background of this.
  So just recently, OPEC, over the last few days, announced a one million barrels per day cut in the supply of oil.
  Of course, that is an attack on, frankly, the Biden regime.
  It's an attack on the Federal Reserve.
   But it's also A way for Saudi Arabia to make a move that strongly benefits Russia, because Russia's oil exports now will generate even more revenue for Russia to fuel the Russian war machine and everything that's going on with Ukraine.
  So you're saying that you think that OPEC, led by the Saudis, will cut another two million barrels per day of another cut?
  You think that's coming?
  I think we'll be at 150, 153 oil probably in July, August.
  We'll start to move up here.
  Oil's been on the move here.
  We have an oil strategy and we have a gold and silver stock sector and our stocks are on fire right now and our oil strategy on fire.
  But the public doesn't really see it yet.
   And I think what makes this even more critical is that the Strategic Petroleum Reserve It's nearly empty.
  So, if this oil shock happens, and the United States is forced to use dollars here, they're not going to go.
  The old ways of pricing gold and silver on the COMEX exchange in IMEX and future, that's going to be gone.
   And then we're going to see the oil to gold ratio kick in, the oil to silver ratio kick in, and as it goes up, As it goes up, it's gonna pull all the stocks with them.
  Now the public is not ready for this.
  So we have prepared for this.
  I mean, this is my entire career.
   We have prepared for this, prepared our clients, everyone to basically defend themselves.
   Like as Alex Jones was saying, get that silver, get that gold, bring it home,
  pull your cash down, hedge.
   We live in a world, John, where most people are not prepared.
  And Alex spoke to this as well.
  But we're going to have desperate people turning to chaos, turning to robbery, turning to threats, turning to violence, even just to feed themselves.
  That day is coming.
  It's hard enough to prep for yourself and your family.
  You know, you can't necessarily feed the whole neighborhood.
  You know, you can't provide sustenance for your entire community.
  There are going to be a lot of desperate people out there.
  So it's going to come down to violence, and I think this is exactly what the system wants.
  And I think that's why they push the narratives of trans versus non-trans, or blacks versus whites, or gays versus straight.
  They want everybody at each other's throats when it hits the fan.
  And it seems like it's a psychological terrorism campaign.
  It's a setup for a money collapse event that will lead to outrageous chaos across the country.
  What do you think about that, John?
  I agree 100%.
  Remember I did the series called the Silver Psy-Op?
  The whole idea was that Bitcoin, which was bought in 2008, was to get people out of precious metals and into a crypto situation.
  Now that they're about ready to criminalize Bitcoin, criminalize crypto, it's all going away.
  And now people, where are they going to go?
  Crypto?
  Nowhere to go there.
  Stocks?
  Overpriced.
  Housing?
  Going off the cliff.
  Auto loans?
  Going off the cliff.
  A real estate investment trust, you can't pull your money out.
  There's only one place to go, really, that's precious metals.
  And it's regarding the psychological operation.
  Yes, you know, the powers that be, the deep state, it's cabal.
  They want divide and conquer.
  How do you do that?
  Use the media, use all the tools out there to get people to come against each other.
   When the truth is, right now, if you live in a neighborhood, And you're the only one preparing.
  You got big problems when everyone has problems.
  You'll be knocking on your door.
  Hey, I noticed your grass is still green and your cars look good and you guys look, your clothes are clean.
  You got a garden growing.
  I need food.
  But we all have to be prepared.
  Sorry to cut you off, John.
  We're out of time.
  But I want to, I really want to thank you for jumping on with me on such short notice.
  Silver is money news is John Perez channel on telegram or I think silver is money Also, I'm Mike Adams here from brighton.com.
  And of course, this is the Alex Jones Show at Infowars.com Thank you for watching today.
  Get prepared.
  Do your research.
  It's all coming down.
  Take care everybody.
  God bless you.
  
  
  
   The fight against the new world order The globalists are in deep trouble, but they're striking back with all their deep state operatives to shut down info wars and other truth tellers like James O'Keefe and Tucker Carlson and countless others.
  So please pray for us now more than ever.
  Spread the word about the broadcast and get great products to keep us on air.
   and fund our operation while at the same time enriching your life.
   Now we've got three new products available at infowarestore.com and a best seller back in stock.
   We have the amazing Dr. Jones Naturals Turmeric Toothpaste and so much more.
  Find out more at infowarestore.com.
   We have the Ashwagandha Root Pills with Black Powder Extract to accelerate your libido, stamina, testosterone.
  We have pure Ashwagandha Gummies.
  Inc.
  NORAD has declared DEF CON 3.
  Scramble all alert aircraft.
   All the highest quality products, the prebiotic is now finally back in stock.
   They're all there at InfoWarsTore.com, so please take action now.
  Enrich your life, empower your body, and keep us on air.
  Please take action now.
  InfoWarsTore.com.
  Zack, this is Crystal Palace.
  Inc.
  No Rad is declared DEFCON 3.
  Scramble all alert aircraft.
  I repeat, scramble all alert aircraft.
   The emperor spends all its time thinking about World War III.
  Target selection complete.
  Time on target sequence complete.
  22 Typhoon-class submarines departing Petropavlovsk, turning southbound at Nordkapp.
  Bearing 095 degrees.
  Radar reports two unknown tracks are penetrating the Alaskan Air Defense Zone.
  From the front lines of the Information War... Flush the bombers, get the subs in launch mode.
  We are at DEFCON 1.
  Are you prepared to destroy the enemy?
  You bet!
  Defending the Republic from enemies foreign and domestic.
  We'll keep control, but we'll keep it here at the top where it belongs.
  3... 2... 1... Impact!
  Shall we play a game?
  How about global thermal nuclear war?
  Live from the InfoWars.com studios, it's Alex Jones.
  All units confirm weapons targeted and ready.
  Awaiting launch codes.
  We are at a launch mode.
  Do you really believe that the enemy would attack without provocation?
  If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance.
  We're in!
  Russians are still denying everything, sir.
  We have a Soviet submarine launch detection.
  I wish I didn't know about any of this.
  I wish I was like anybody else.
  Change begins.
  The only way is not to play.
  
  It's called the great reset, tough guy.
  It's called the New World Order.
  It's called the big banks wanting to squeeze the economy and make people poor so they can loan us fiat money, take control of our lives with a social credit score and a universal basic income.
  That's everything.
  That's the whole future of our lives.
  The whole world's going to be about surveillance and control and them manipulating and tracking everything you do.
  It's all being officially announced.
  I've got articles everywhere.
  There are press releases saying it!
  And then the crew asked me during the break, they go, Are you alright?
  You really seem upset.
  Are you feeling okay?
  Well, man, they're about to have nuclear war.
  I mean, they're gonna starve a couple hundred million people to death.
  Yeah, I'm pretty freaked out, yeah.
  But this is real.
  This is not... This is not a freaking game to me, man.
  People are already starving to death by the hundreds of millions right now.
  You've never seen it on the news.
  They're dying right now.
  They're in their freaking houses, starving to death, begging for God's help and no one's coming because God tells us to get up and take action and then we don't do anything!
  And that paralyzes God!
  Yeah, God can do it.
  Once again, not for the first time, what had seemed like a nutty conspiracy theory turned out to be the truth.
  I'm upset.
  I'm really... I told you last night when I said, what's wrong with you?
  I'm really freaked out.
I'm like, yeah, I'm really freaked out. 
  You see, because this is real.
  The supply chain being cut off, the energy grid being cut off is real.
  And we're going into a time now where we're not going to be on the air.
  I mean, if we don't back this off, if we don't get sane people to stop the globalists, I mean, we won't be here in six months.
  You won't be here in six months.
  Who is the most banned news network in the world?
  InfoWars.com.
  InfoWars comes to mind.
  InfoWars.com.
  InfoWars.
  You watch InfoWars?
  InfoWars.
  It's a radio show hosted by Alex Jones.
  Alex Jones.
  Nice guy.
  You must be a threat if they call you out by name.
  Alex Jones.
  Alex Jones is the greatest.
  He knows who InfoWars is.
  He's playing this joke over here.
  That's why the de-platforming didn't work.
  Alex has been right on for over a decade.
  You need to listen to Alex Jones.
  Back here with you on the Alex Jones Show.
  Today, I'm Kate Dally, your guest host from katedallyradio.com.
  So good to be with you and my guest today because when I'm talking money, whenever I want to know about money, who do I talk to?
  I talk to the aficionado, the guy, Greg Manorino from traderschoice.net.
  This guy rocks.
  In fact, his motto is, in life there are sheep who live in fear and then there are lions who capitalize on it.
  I love that.
  And of course, the Robin Hood of Wall Street.
  How are you, Greg?
  I'm doing great.
  Great to be back with you.
  Thank you for having me.
  Absolutely.
  All right.
  So money is not my biggest forte, but it is yours.
  And this is what I love about you, Greg, is you're bold enough to say the things that people need to hear.
  And I really respect that.
  So give me risk in the market right now.
  Tell me what's going on.
  What are some of your biggest fears right now, too?
  Well, how about this?
  It's Freak Show on an unprecedented scale, and it just gets freakier every day.
  I mean, I think everyone watching this would have to agree that this thing has gone completely out of control.
  But in my view, it's about control.
  Look, the money, the financial system.
  I really believe that there's probably a handful of people on the planet that really understand it.
  It's a work in progress.
  It always is.
   But look, I think it's easier to put a perspective on what's happening kind of like this.
  If you've got to take one thing away from what I'm saying here, it's just watch where the money is going.
  It's really not a hard thing to do.
  What do we know is happening?
  I always tell people to focus on what we know.
   And if you look At the financial system itself.
  Okay, who runs the economy?
  Who runs the financial markets?
  Who runs the financial system?
  It's the central banks.
  It's period.
  They run the entire show.
  They control the entire show.
  They're the ones who are, you know, in control of the narrative as well here.
  So, what do we have?
  We have an economy here in the United States, obviously, that's collapsing.
  You know, it goes without saying.
  We have inflation out of control, skyrocketing with no way to go but much higher, despite the fact that we've been sold a lie, a fable, that central banks, you know, the Fed wants to do something about inflation.
  All they've been doing is inflating.
  Again, look, I want people to take something away from this.
  What's the number one job of a central bank?
  They only have one job, and that is to inflate.
  The more a central bank can inflate, that is buy assets, pump the markets, the stronger they become, not the weaker, the stronger they become.
  And with everything that we're seeing right now, and it's an incredible phenomenon, they're talking about here raising rates.
  Meanwhile, we're seeing like the 10-year yield here in the United States plummet.
  How does that work?
  You see, we have central banks.
  They're buying the market.
  The Federal Reserve has a trading desk.
  Most people don't know about this, but just let your fingers do the walking.
  Does the Federal Reserve have a trading desk?
  Absolutely.
  The New York Fed, they have a trading desk.
  They don't frolic in front of it.
  They don't play games in front of it.
  They buy the market.
  Now, the Fed right now, they're pumping the market since this banking crisis that we all knew was coming.
  I mean, just from at least eight months ago, check my videos, I explained to people the banks were in trouble here.
  How did we know banks were in trouble?
  It's a no-brainer here.
  We have economy in freefall, no deposits, no loans, and no deals.
  So, again, this phenomenon was bound to happen, but nobody saw this coming.
  Not the regulators, not the Federal Reserve, not the U.S.
  Treasury here.
  It's a mechanism here.
  And the word they're using is integrate.
  They're consolidating power.
  It's a very simple mechanism here.
  These smaller banks, there are bank runs right now going on.
  You're not supposed to know about this.
   As a matter of fact, the smaller banks, the regional banks, they're down 29% year-to-date.
  Meanwhile, all this cash is being put into the larger institutions as they consolidate.
  They can't use the word consolidate.
  They say integrates.
  All about a power grab.
  Now, you have an economy in free fall.
  You have a market which seems to be defying gravity here.
  Risk in this market, believe it or not, risk in the market is dropping.
  UX, that was the opening question.
  It's not getting worse, although you would imagine it would be.
  There's no connection.
  I want people to understand as well.
  The economy and the market, there's no connection at all.
  They operate independently of each other because of the action of central banks, more specifically, the Fed, who's pumping this market full of cash, buying the debt market, buying the stock market as well.
  It's supposed to be a big street kid, but it's not.
  The Fed buys large cap stocks to prop up the market.
  This is known as the plunge protection team.
  Look it up for yourself.
  It's something real.
  I urge people to don't believe a thing I say.
  Look it up for yourself.
  Is Greg telling the truth?
  Or is Greg just making this up because he has a wild imagination?
  No.
  That's what's going on.
  And this gap between what the economy is doing and the markets is going to get wider and wider and wider.
  This is an extinction process.
  The middle class is becoming extinct by design.
  It's a control mechanism.
  It's a PSYOP on an unprecedented scale.
  I could keep going with this, but I think I've probably said enough.
  Let's move on.
  Well, I mean, Silicone Bank.
  What's your take on Silicon Bank?
  I mean, look, it's an it's an astonishing thing.
  So apparently no one saw this coming.
  We got an admission out of the mouth of the Federal Reserve Chairman himself, who said they knew about it.
  The Fed knew there was problems in November of last year.
  Meanwhile, they did nothing.
  They did nothing.
  Again, this is just it's a consolidation of power into the larger institutions.
  And it's not over.
  Don't take my word for it.
  Listen to Jamie Dimon, the CEO of JP Morgan.
  He's screaming from rooftops it's not over.
  Look, if you pay attention, we get little bits of truth here and there.
  It's definitely not over.
  It's going to, again, this is evolving into just a consolidation of power.
  Why?
  What is this really all about?
  It's about control.
  That's number one.
  And it's about a rollout of a completely new system that they've had for quite a long time.
  So in order to make it work, they've got to consolidate the banks.
  That's number one.
  They've got to get fewer players to get involved, basically, is what this is all about.
  And we're seeing it unfold right before our eyes.
  Yeah, integrate.
  You mentioned that word, right?
  And isn't that the, aren't we going to start seeing the absorption of the bigger banks from the little banks and, and all of a sudden they kind of fall, but they get the bank, they get, they get the Fed bailout.
  And so it is kind of interesting to watch.
  Do you suspect a lot more of this, this, this year?
  Absolutely.
  That's what this is all about.
  I urge people to do something else.
  Go to the Federal Reserve's own website and look at their balance sheet here.
  The Federal Reserve has been involved in what they're calling quantitative tightening.
  That means unwinding their balance sheet, which is larger than the gross domestic product of most countries on the planet.
  It's astonishing.
   But So we can go look at this for yourself.
  Five months of so-called quantitative tightening has been erased in just three weeks.
  Almost $500 billion of more quantitative easing now.
  The opposite of quantitative tightening is quantitative easing.
  And this is what central banks have been doing since the last meltdown to re-prop up the stock market hyper bubble, re-prop up a real estate bubble.
  That's pretty interesting.
  We just heard a warning from Morgan Stanley just today.
  On the on real estate market, the commercial real estate market, saying that we're going to get something worse than the financial crisis.
  Now, look, you can't just have one part of the market get hit.
  This is this whole thing is going to get real.
  And I mean real.
  And what I mean by that, it's kind of interesting.
  It's very simple to understand.
  As I alluded to earlier, just follow the money.
  You see what people think.
  For the most part.
  You want to understand money?
  I'm going to tell you how to understand it.
  It doesn't grow little money wings and fly away.
  It doesn't do that.
  When markets fall or if the debt market sells off, it just doesn't go to money heaven.
  It doesn't do that.
  It moves from one reality into another reality.
  That's how it works.
  It's a pretty simple scenario in my book to understand how this is going to work.
  We have a hyper bubble in the debt market, which is beyond anyone's wildest imagination.
  Even someone like myself who studies this stuff around the clock is going to burst.
  This debt bubble is going to burst, but they're not done hyperinflating it.
   A bursting of the debt Hyperbubble means we're going to see rates spike in an uncontrolled fashion.
  Right now we're seeing them keeping it suppressed.
  It's taken an enormous amount of effort to do so.
  Once that debt bubble bursts, it's going to destroy, and I mean that, global stock markets, which will melt down.
  So you're going to have a massive sell-off here in the debt market, which will precede a massive sell-off in the global stock markets.
  The cash is just going to move.
  It's just so simple to understand.
  One reality to another.
  Again, no money wings can fly away.
  It's going to go into commodities, in my view, and I also believe it's going to go into cryptocurrencies to a certain degree.
  I want to talk about that.
  We'll be right back with Greg Manarino, Robin Hood of Wall Street, TradersChoice.net.
  Welcome back to the Alex Jones Show.
  So glad you're listening in today.
  I'm Kate Dally, your guest host from katedallyradio.com.
  So good to be with you.
  I have Greg Manorino, the Robin Hood of Wall Street from TradersChoice.net.
  You ought to check that out and get on his subscription list.
  I'm not kidding you.
  I love his emails.
  And be part of this because he'll just tell you how it is and he doesn't mess around.
   In fact, when we were going into that last break, Greg, you talked about cash and where it's going to move because you talked about Morgan Stanley, the analyst We're forecasting something worse in this great financial crisis for commercial real estate.
  And then you were talking cash.
  So where will cash move?
  What I want people to just take away from this is, and I think most people would agree, that there's no connection at all with regard to reality in, let's say, the stock market here.
  Everyone's focused on the Dow Jones Industrial Average, 30 companies.
  They don't even want you looking at the S&P 500.
  You know, focus on the Dow.
  Whenever they tell you to look in one direction, you got to look someplace else.
  It's always a deception, a distraction, or some other thing that's going on here.
  You know and people are afraid and rightly so because I don't think people don't trust the system.
  Obviously, duh.
  Yeah, who would?
  I don't trust the system either, but I know where to look.
  What most people do is with, okay, what do I want to invest in?
  Where do I want to put my cash?
  What should I do?
   You know, it's confusing but understanding that Let me put a perspective on this for people who maybe have never heard this before.
  You're told by the mainstream media to focus on, let's say, the stock market or the Dow Jones Industrial Average, which is all well and good.
  In a real market, you would want to focus on, let's say, things like P.E.
  ratios, forward guidance, a company's balance sheet.
  None of this stuff matters anymore.
  It's all like a la-la land, a fantasy land.
  Being driven that way because the driver of the market, which is the overall global debt market, you see, the stock market is in many ways, and I've said this a million times, a derivative, meaning it derives value from what's happening in the debt market.
  Let me put a perspective on that.
   When you have a situation here where rates have been artificially suppressed, there's no free market, you can't have a free market. If you have the largest aspect of the market,
   which is the debt market here, being rigged by central banks buying all the debt. Their
   goal is to be the lenders and buyers of a last resort. Now, understanding that suppressed
   rates create by some magical formula, an environment of risk, meaning cash makes its way into the
  stock market.
  This is what it's meant to do.
  You get a bubble, a hyper bubble.
  So people say, hey, you know, I can't put money to work in the stock market because it's going to burst and I'm going to lose all my cash.
  Yeah, that's understandable.
  And it is true to a large degree.
  At one point, this is all going to get real.
  And real, meaning cash is going to move into real things.
  And that's why I've been advocating commodities.
  I've been telling people, you know, look, gold and silver.
  It's all over my desk.
  I've got it everywhere.
  These are real things.
  They're tangible.
  I don't sell this stuff, but I believe it's something real that cash is going to make its way into.
  I think they're massively, and by design, being suppressed here, gold and silver especially.
  I think commodities, crude oil, we just saw what happened with OPEC.
  With this surprise cut here?
  No.
  It's not a surprise to anybody.
  OPEC wants crude much higher.
  We all know that.
   But again, understanding That eventually this whole thing is going to get real.
  Cash is just going to look for places to go.
  And I believe it's going to go.
  And it's not just me anymore.
  We heard from famed investor Jim Rogers last week sounding exactly like Greg Manarino talking about people who should be into commodities.
  Now the mainstream is talking about it too.
  They're talking about a commodity super cycle.
  And yes, that is going to occur again.
  These are real things.
  And cash is not going into places where it should be going.
   You have An artificial environment like this being set up by central banks artificially suppressing rates, it just pushes cash into places where it shouldn't go and it pulls it out of places where it should be going into.
  What it creates is an environment of distortions and nothing makes sense and this is why people get nervous and angry and confused.
  What am I going to do with my money?
  People are dealing with inflationary pressures like probably they've never seen in their life.
  This is by design.
  This is on purpose.
  Central banks have no interest in actually doing a damn thing about inflation because if they wanted to, you see the one thing that is devoid from a single, not one, mainstream media financial channel is telling people central banks actually could do something about inflation.
  They could contract the money supply.
  How does a central bank contract the money supply?
  It's very simple.
   They raise The reserve requirements for banks above zero!
  Right now, the major institutions have to hold zero reserves.
  Zero reserves!
  Raise it one, two, three, four percent and you see how fast inflation goes away.
  No!
  Because their goal is to continue to inflate, to pressure the people.
  They got everyone by the throat here.
  And that stranglehold is going to get worse!
  So eventually again, cash is going to move into commodities in my view.
  It's going to move into cryptocurrencies as well, just because it's going to seek somewhere to go.
  It's going to bleed out of the debt market, bleed out of the stock market, and just going to go into real things.
  That's how I see it.
  I can't imagine unfolding another way.
  Okay.
  Digital currency, the announcements that have come out of recent news about FedNow and all kinds of different things that they've got going on.
  What is your take on implanting digital currency for the masses, house and cash altogether?
  Well, that's what they're doing.
  That's why they're integrating the system.
  That's why we're seeing this consolidation here.
  That's number one.
  They have to make, that has to happen.
  They have to consolidate the banking system.
  Then, with this FedNow payment system, absolutely.
  They need some kind of an instant payment system that people can trust, that people can rely on.
  We're going to be told how great it is and how free it's going to make us be.
  All this is, is a method of control.
  They want to issue a completely digital system here so they can track whatever you're doing down to the 10,000th of a cent.
  And unfortunately, I think there's a lot of people that are going to like this.
  I mean, right now, the system is 90% digital.
  It's really amazing.
   If you consider the fact that on this planet Earth, There exists an actual printed currency less than $2 trillion.
  Less than $2 trillion.
  Go to the Fed's website, you can see it for yourself.
  The rest of it doesn't exist.
  It's not on the elemental chart.
  It's crazy!
  But this is, look, it's all about control and that's really where we're going here.
  It's going to get a lot worse, honestly.
  Jeez.
  Rates will continue to go up.
  Are we going to see 1980 housing interest rates?
  Well, you know, look, of course, they're going to waver around a little bit here, but what are they trying to do?
  It's just a deliberate thing.
  They're trying to make people's life much harder.
  And they don't, there's a lot behind this here.
  It's not just about making, why do they want to make people's life harder?
  First of all, I've been telling people since like forever now, they're creating a new feudal system, extreme halves.
  Extreme have-nots, a wipe out of the middle class on a worldwide scale, clearly.
  And it's all, again, about a consolidation, how the few have controlled the many since time immemorial, and that is going to play out to be a lot more extreme moving forward here.
  I think housing is in a massive bubble.
  I would still rather own than rent, honestly.
  I don't know where the bottom is.
  No one knows where the bottom is, but we'll pick that up in just a little bit.
  I think we're going to be going to break relatively soon.
  Absolutely.
  I'm speaking with Greg Manorino.
  TradersChoice.net is the website.
  You really do need to visit and get on his list.
  Because his emails are killer.
  They're awesome.
  And his motto, in life there are sheep who live in fear and then there are lions who capitalize on it.
  And I have to agree, Greg.
  I mean, many people are worried.
  They don't know where to put their money.
  They don't know whether to take it out.
  They don't know what to put it in.
  And so I'm glad that you're answering a lot of these questions for everybody.
  I'll be right back.
  More on the Alex Jones Show today with Greg Manarino, my guest.
  Welcome back to the Alex Jones Show.
  I'm Kate Dally, your guest host from katedallyradio.com.
  My guest is Greg Manorino, and when we're talking money, he's my go-to guy for a reason.
  Traderschoice.net, you need to subscribe to him.
  Also, I want to ask you too, commodities, EFTs, a place to move forward, and the upcoming Supercycle 2, and of course, where we left off.
  There's just a whole lot to talk to you about, Greg.
  What can I say?
  Yeah, I've got a lot to say, I guess.
  I don't know.
  Yes, I do agree with this.
  We're going to see a commodity super cycle.
  I mean, it's a no brainer to me.
  And for people, look, it maybe seems a little easier to me than maybe it would be for most people.
  And I don't think anyone should look into anything without putting a lot of their own thought behind it here.
   I'm out here sketching out Things for people what they should look at and understand and at least try to get a grip on this system, which really makes no sense anymore.
  I mean, it's a zombie system.
  You have to understand that right now, what's going on?
  This whole thing died in 2008.
  That was when this whole system, what actually is a market crash?
  Why does a market crash?
  Why do we get meltdowns here?
   Because It's very simple to understand.
  A market has one job.
  A real market has only one job.
  That is to determine fair value.
   Generally, any type of a transaction, a stock, an exchange-traded fund, a commodity, whatever it is, you have a buyer on one side, And you have a seller on the other side.
  This guy's willing to buy an asset from this seller here, and they're going to agree on a price.
  That's how it works.
  But what we've had here since the last meltdown is a third party.
   That third party, at least here, this is a global phenomenon, is central banks, central bankers who have gotten in here and tried to prop up a dead system, creating this zombie system that we have now that's been propped up On oceans of easy money.
  The situation is dire.
  All of this cash that's been pumped into the system here since 2008, we're starting to see it rear its ugly head in the form of inflation.
  They can't let people know that.
  See, central banks must remain blameless.
  The regulators must remain blameless.
  The Treasury here.
  You can't just hyperinflate the money supply by pumping debt into the system.
   Debt is cash The cash that we have in our pockets at its most basic level, these are units of debt.
  They are not units of wealth.
  When a central bank issues their currency to the people, it's their currency.
  They allow us to use their currency.
  They own the currency.
  We owe it back to the issuing central bank.
  Plus interest they create out of nothing.
  A central bank produces one thing, debt, and they issue that debt to the world.
  That's how the system works.
  It's completely debt-based.
  This is why we can't have a budget.
  This is why we see cash pulled into the now to fund wars and whatever else they want to fund here.
  They can't let people in on the big secret that without doing this, the entire central bank run system will implode.
  On itself, but we had a real system, a commodity backed system would erase the power of central banks.
  Their power resides in one thing, their ability to inflate their ability to issue debt.
  It's an amazing thing.
  Imagine coming up with a concept where you have people that are dependent on your product that you allow them to use, and then you charge them to use it.
  It's outrageous, but this is what we've allowed to happen.
  Central banks are the enemy.
  Central banks have a stranglehold on the world and they manipulate the entire system.
  When you see something big go down, whatever it might be, the arrest of President Donald Trump, for example, realize they want you to look there.
  They want you to focus there because they're going to do something else on the other side.
   The moment, the nanosecond that I heard about this, I said, oh, What are they going to pull off?
  Why do they want us to look here?
  Why was the airwaves flooded with it?
  Let's look over here because they're pulling something else off here.
  It's what they always do.
  It's how they operate.
  So that's another thing people need to take away from the system, how twisted it is.
  And this is going to be a price to pay.
   And we're paying for it now in the form of skyrocketing inflation, which is not
  going to get better.
   The farce that has been sold to the people of the world, and it's been a farce since
  day one.
   And I told everyone it was a farce since day one, right on my blog on YouTube.
  I said, I don't care how much they want to raise rates.
  It's not going to do a thing to stop inflation.
  Inflation is going to continue to rise, and that is exactly what has happened.
  What did they do?
  They used the catchphrase temporary, transitory, trying to ease the people.
  Meanwhile, they all knew it wasn't going to work.
  But anyway, that's really what this is.
  Realize how twisted the system is.
  And with regard to risk in this market, right on my website, TradersChoice.net, I have an indicator there.
  It's free for everyone.
  It's called the MMRI, Manorino Market Risk Indicator.
  It's color-coded and it has a number.
  And you can see where risk is going in this market.
  Right now, risk is dropping because of all the cash being pumped into the market.
  That's going to reverse.
  I'm not telling people they should jump into this market and start buying stocks.
  I want people to understand that everyone has a different situation.
  If you have cash to play with, it probably wouldn't be a bad idea to look at energy.
  Crude oil is getting bid up.
  Energy companies are going to do well.
  I think the big banks are a spot to be in here as well as the cash is being sucked out of the smaller institutions and repositioned in the larger banks.
  Commodities as well.
  There's a lot of ways to gain exposure here.
  Again, the most best way I like is physical.
   I want to hold it in my hand, but there are exchange-traded funds that will also give
  people exposure to this.
  I have a free newsletter.
  I send all this stuff out.
   Look, I didn't get the nickname, "The Robin Hood of Wall Street," for nothing.
  I do it because I give all this stuff away.
   I want people to take what I give them and evaluate it for themselves.
  Does it make sense?
  This entire show we've covered a lot, okay?
  But does it make sense to you?
  Does it make sense what I'm saying?
  People know the truth when they hear it.
  And then I want people to look into it.
  Hey, you know what?
  Greg said this.
  Let me see if he's right.
  Let your fingers do the walking.
  All right?
  It's really that simple.
  That's so true.
  China and Russia.
  A lot of articles lately about the dollar, China and Russia.
  What's your feeling on China and Russia real quick?
  What they're doing?
  It's very, very, very simple.
  Okay, right now the Federal Reserve holds, the United States holds the world reserve currency of the petrodollar here.
  The benefit of a nation holding, any nation holding the reserve currency is unbelievable.
   It allows any country that holds the world reserve Gets to export, export inflation to the rest of the entire world.
  And it allows generally their environments to thrive.
  Right now, the system is coming down.
  That's why we're seeing this, what we're seeing now, especially with surging inflation here.
  Now, China and Russia, of course, they would, I think China has wanted the World Reserve currency for a very, very long time.
  They're forming alliances.
  These, the BRICS nations here trying to circumvent the dollar.
  It's a real threat.
  There's no doubt about it.
  And I think because of the way the dollar is being managed right now, it could absolutely fall as the world reserve currency.
  But look at other alliances that are being made here.
  We have every nation around the world arming themselves to the teeth.
  Obviously, and this should be pretty evident to people, if in fact there is a direct threat to the U.S.
  dollar as the world currency, we will see war.
  More war, not just regional wars, but global war.
  The Federal Reserve has already, via the Vietnam War, trying to establish the petrodollar system, killed millions of people to gain that power.
   The petrodollar, for people who may not understand it, is OPEC nations have agreed to price their oil in US dollars for guaranteed
  military protection of that oil.
   Okay, people don't know that, but that's how the petrodollar exists.
  The US military must defend OPEC Nation's oil.
  That's how we keep the petrol dollar.
  Now, China could say, hey, you know what?
  We'll defend it and look what we have to offer here.
  You know, so there's going to be a big tug of war here, but this is a real threat to the people of the world if in fact the U.S.
  dollar does become dethroned or the threat of it becomes more real.
  And diversify your money.
   Diversify And you gotta be out.
  You gotta be in a lot of things.
  There's no doubt about it.
  You gotta be in a look.
  And I'm invested in a lot of things here.
  Anyone who puts all their eggs in one basket is probably looking for a disaster.
  But if I had to pick one asset, if I had to pick one, I don't sell this stuff, but that would be it.
  Physical silver.
  I think it's the most undervalued asset on the planet.
  Look at the Dow gold ratio, gold silver ratio.
  You will see why I say that.
  I know we're running out of time here, but this has been fantastic.
  And thank you for having me.
  Thanks, Greg Manorino.
  TradersChoice.net is the website.
  Go and subscribe.
  And of course, the Robin Hood of Wall Street.
  I mean, what can you say?
  Thanks, Greg.
  I really appreciate all the heads up, the advice, and it's awesome.
  Be right back on the Alex Jones Show.
  Back here with you, last segment on the Alex Jones Show today.
  So glad to be here with you.
  I'm Kate Dally, your guest host from The Kate Dally Show.
  Really happy and I mean not happy that our world's imploding, not happy that all of this is going on, obviously.
  But I do find some hope that they're trying so hard to manipulate us in the press that they still have to do that.
  I've mentioned that on the show before.
  They literally have to do all that because they don't own everything yet.
  They don't own us yet.
  They're working on it.
  It's just not yet.
  But I so thank Greg Manorino from traderschoice.net for coming on.
  I've known Greg for quite a while now and always, always good things to hear from Greg as far as where we really stand and where we need to go and what we need to do in the market.
  So visit his website for sure.
  You know, we should do the Thank You Awards once in a while.
   I always like the Thank You Awards because it's kind of like giving that credit where credits I do.
  And I think it's important.
  So there's a couple of things I want to hit on in this last segment.
  Number one, I want to thank the terrorists for not terrorizing in 2020 and 2021.
  I mean, what a group, you know, matching tennis shoes and Toyota trucks.
  But, you know, to honor and respect the worldwide sniffles campaign of COVID, it was moving to see the terrorists have this kind of love for mankind and sniffles and actually restrain themselves.
  Well, and possibly a fever.
  Um, just to restrain themselves from not terrorizing.
  That was special.
  We don't recognize that enough.
  We don't say, thank you.
  Thank you for not, for not competing with the COVID headline.
  I mean, that's usually, I mean, we have one headline at a time.
  The media is definitely not ADD for sure.
  It's supremely focused.
  I also want to say thank you for the mass shooters who were out there restraining themselves in the year 2020 to late 2021.
  They did not do anything in that time frame.
  The COVID narrative was on the news 24-7, and so it was an interesting time in America.
   I also want to thank George Soros, a big heart emoji, big heart emoji, for The lack of color revolutions also in the year, in any foreign country in the year of 2020 and 2021.
  And you might say, well, we were locked down.
  Yep.
  And still those people did not want to get the payment to be a provocateur so they could go out and assume the role of citizen in their own country, but be a rebel and fight and fight for a cause and look like they wanted a revolution in the country.
  They didn't even want to accept payment.
  What does that tell you?
  I mean, yes, we were all in lockdown for sure, but it really kept the bad guys at bay, and I mean in a big way.
  And if you're a bad guy, to have that level of respect for all that's going on in the news, it's kind of amazing actually.
  We don't say thank you enough for the moratorium on overthrowing nations during that time.
  It was special.
  And it was also nice to wait until 2022 to have the money laundering war, that we call it, in the Ukraine with the actor named Zelensky.
  You know, it was odd that it just heated up right on cue, like 2022, right after the headlines of the shots started waning and then all of a sudden, Russia heats up with Ukraine.
  Just like all of a sudden, kind of.
  You just, I just can't say enough.
  Enough thank yous to that.
  No competing headlines here.
  No, no, no.
  And thanks, Russia.
  You know, Russia actually went in on a treaty with us for Antarctica, yet they've never ever done anything about that or tried to overtake it or there's like a million things they could have done.
  But in 80 years, we just have the threat of Russia.
  It's like two neighbors that never ever come within contact of each other, but constantly yelling at each other over the fence.
  It's like that.
  For 80 years.
  Interesting.
  Not that I don't think in the future we're going to have some problems with Russia and Chinese and foreign troops coming to this land.
  But isn't it interesting how it's constantly used?
  Yet we've been allies on so many things together.
  Behind the scenes, I mean, you know.
  And then after three years of media coverage, nonstop of the Trump-Russia narrative, the Trump-Russia narrative with Flynn and everybody.
  It was so interesting that the Senate voted not to impeach and the headlines completely disappeared in the first of February of that year to make room for the COVID headlines.
  I mean, my gosh, that was a pristine handoff.
  You have to give it to him.
  That was amazing.
  Three years strong, promised proof, never got the proof.
  Three years of telling you there was loads of it.
  I know what there was loads of.
  It wasn't proof.
  And then all of a sudden the Senate goes, nope.
  And voila, COVID headlines appear and not another word of it.
  But man, that was a three long words, three long years.
  It just makes one kind of tear up a little, you know, it's like, my gosh, just the respect for mankind.
  I love that for the sniffles and possibly a fever.
  And then of course, mainstream media whores.
  I love these guys because they never mentioned that CNN is so in the tank.
  They never ever talk about the lack of viewership that's barely, barely holding it up in just the tens of thousands in a country that has 331 million people.
  CNN, how are they doing it?
  How do they keep funded?
  Most companies would tank.
  Oh yeah, never mind.
  They're government funded.
  But anyway, this would be such an opportunity for all the other news rags to throw CNN under the bus.
  No, they're really kind to their competition.
  They're good to them.
  We need to remember that.
  That is a beautiful thing.
  You don't even point it out at all.
  That's kind of amazing.
  I mean, we know how many people watch, hardly anybody, just those with no brain cells.
  But my gosh, all the news is just, I don't know, it's kind of like a big club or something.
  Anyway, just big thank you for that.
  And a big thank you for the news media whores for using words like Trump surrenders.
  Because then I conjure up in my mind that Trump was actually running away ferociously from the cops and that they had to drag him into court, which gives me a visual.
  And that visual is so important.
  So thank you.
   Thank you for giving me lots of adjectives and just Tons of story within the news story.
  Because without this story in the news story, I wouldn't know how to feel about anything.
  Gosh, I wouldn't know where to be emotional.
  Thanks.
  And I wouldn't know how to drum up a picture in my mind.
  I mean, you guys even went as far as to create AI pictures of Trump getting arrested because you were so desperate last week.
  Oh, all that work.
  Anyway, I just wanted to say a big thank you for that too because when you can dramatize every single event and use it for news fodder and then add to it, and I don't mean just add to it, I mean invent it.
  I think that takes killer skills.
  So your skill set is beautiful, right?
  It is beautiful.
  The use of drama is amazing.
  And I want to thank you for also never reporting on how Hollywood's tanking and how when Hollywood does female only movies, they completely tank or when people go too far like Bud Light or Hershey's, they never talk about all the money loss.
  I mean, you got to completely ignore that in order to absolutely ignore it.
  I think it's a skill that we don't give them enough credit for.
  We truly don't.
  When you can ignore that companies' profits tank when they take the liberal line?
  My gosh, Bud Light won't be hard to resist, I'm sure.
  I'm not a drinker, but from what I've heard, my word, not the drink of choice for people anyway.
  So, we slap a tranny on there and whoo, you're gonna lose even more profits.
  But no one will ever talk about it.
  But that's why I wanna thank the media.
  I also wanna thank the media for never mentioning that along with the shot, people needed a cardiologist.
   Because, you know, Why scare people?
  And so I really love the fact that you bypass all of the deaths, the injuries, the millions upon millions of injuries.
  That is a skill set worth mentioning because you completely dramatize other stories, but don't talk about the reality that everyone's seeing in their own life.
  I mean, how does one do that?
  How do we completely bypass all the real stories like Harry Laughlin and eugenics?
  I mean, that's why we have what we have right now going on in the shop market.
  And then, of course, Pfizer saying that they've got the answers.
  If you do have a problem with those shots, you can be profited off forever as you live forever with Pfizer.
  I love that.
  Who doesn't love that?
  I mean, come on.
  We need to give more kudos where kudos are deserved.
  We need to talk about the things that we never talk about, that we never see, that we never put two and two together.
  And I think the media, they just do a heck of a job.
  Those people with nice teeth and nice hair, they don't just have nice teeth and nice hair.
  They have adjectives.
  They have drama and they have story.
  And they're going to give you that story.
  Not the news so much.
  We used to get the news.
  Nope.
  It's all about how to manipulate you so you don't look at anything else that's going on in the country or the world.
  Like there are some things going on.
  And digital currency is their hill to die on.
  But you'll never hear that in a negative light from the media, the mainstream media.
  You'll only hear it on shows like this that tell you the truth.
  I love that.
  And I also just wanted to say thanks.
  Soros, terrorists, everybody.
  Everybody that refrained during the COVID years.
  Your love for humanity gets me right here.
  It's just special.
  Thank you.
  Big heart emoji to all of you.
  And a big thanks.
  For the media.
  You just keep on keeping on, mainstream media.
  It's just now fun to watch because we're all kind of understanding who you really are, what you're really about, who pays your bills, who tells you what to say, and the script that you read.
  You know, it's all part of the game.
  I'm Kate Dally for the Alex Jones Show.
  So glad Greg Mattarino joined me, of course, and you can go to traderschoice.net for that.
  Get some more help in where to go with your money.
  I know everybody has that question right now.
   The Elite are all about transcendence and living forever and the secrets of the universe
  and they want to know all this.
  Some are good, some are bad, some are a mix.
  But the good ones don't ever want to organize.
  The bad ones don't want to organize because they lost after power.
  Powerful consciousnesses don't want to dominate other people.
  They want to empower them so they don't tend to get together until things are really late in the game.
  Then they come together.
  Evil is always defeated because good is so much stronger.
  And we're on this planet, and Einstein's physics showed it, Max Planck's physics showed it, oh, there's at least 12 dimensions.
  And now that's why all the top scientists and billionaires are coming out saying, it's a false hologram.
  It is artificial.
  The computers are scanning it and finding tension points where it's artificially projected, and gravity's bleeding in to this universe.
  That's what they call dark matter.
  So we're like a thought or a dream that's a wisp in some computer program, some God's mind, whatever.
  They're proving it all.
  It's all coming out.
  Now, there's like this sub-transmission zone below the third dimension that's just turned over to the most horrible things, is what it resonates to.
   And it's trying to get up into the third dimension that's just a basic level consciousness to launch into the next
  levels.
   And our species is already way up in the fifth, sixth dimension, consciously, our best people.
   But there's this big war trying to like basically destroy humanity because humanity has free will,
  and there's a decision to which level we want to go to.
   We have free will, so evil's allowed to come and contend, not just good.
   And the elites themselves believe they're racing, using human technology to try to take our best minds
   and build some type of breakaway civilization where they're going to merge with machines,
   transcend, and break away from the failed species that is man.
   Which is kind of like a false transmission because they're thinking what they are is ugly and bad,
   projecting it onto themselves instead of believing, no, it's a human test about building us up.
  And so Google was set up 18, 19 years ago.
  This was, I knew about this before it was declassified.
  I'm just saying I have good sources.
  That they wanted to build a giant artificial system and Google believes that the first artificial intelligence will be a supercomputer based on the neuron activities of the hive mind of humanity with billions of people wired into it with the Internet of Things.
   And so all of our thoughts go into it and we're actually building a computer that has real neurons in real time that's also psychically connected to us that are organic creatures so that They will have current prediction powers, future prediction powers, a true crystal ball.
  But the big secret is, once you have a crystal ball and know the future, you can add stimuli beforehand and make decisions that control the future.
   And so then it's the end of consciousness and free will for individuals, as we know, and a true 2.0 in a very bad way, high of mind consciousness, With an AI jacked into everyone, knowing our hopes and dreams, delivering it to us, not in some PKD wirehead system, where we plug in, give up on consciousness because of unlimited pleasure, but because we were already wired in and absorbed before we knew it by giving over our consciousness to this system, our daily decisions, that it was able to manipulate and control into a larger system.
  There's now a human counter-strike taking place.
  To shut this off before it gets fully into place, and to block these systems, and to try to have an actual debate about where humanity goes, and cut off the pedophiles and psychic vampires that are in control of this AI system before humanity is destroyed.
  Right.
  This is an interdimensional force that wants to influence us to build something that absorbs us and kills us, rather than the divine free will we're given to build something much better that empowers the species.
  Get your big brain on with BrainForce Plus or BrainForce Ultra.
  Available now at InfoWareStore.com.
  Support the InfoWare.