The Washington State Senate just passed Senate Bill 5599, allowing the state to hide children from their parents.
  No allegation of abuse is required, just the child's delusional desire to change the gender of their own body.
  The bill compels state-licensed youth shelters to act as accomplices in castrating children without their parents' knowledge.
  and allocates over $7 million to pay for the surgical and pharmaceutical castrations.
  According to this new law, if a child shows up at a youth shelter in Washington State and expresses the desire to change the gender of their body, claiming that their parents are against it, then the youth shelter is legally obligated to not notify the parents of the child's location.
  But rather, to funnel that child into the destructive and horrific world of transgenderism, paid for by the state of Washington with taxpayer dollars.
  And it's not limited to Washington residences.
  Any young, confused, runaway child can now make their way to Washington to get castrated by the government without their parents ever being notified.
  The agenda to destroy Christian culture and the family was further demonstrated last month when scores of UN judges published the 8 March principles for a human rights-based approach to criminal law prescribing conduct associated with sex, reproduction, drug use, HIV, homelessness, and poverty.
  The document states that these principles should be of immediate relevance to legislators, judges, and prosecutors at all levels.
  These principles include the right to abortion and transgender surgeries.
  They recommend the legalization of prostitution and all drug use.
  But the real offense is buried at the end of Principle 16, Consensual Sexual Conduct, where it states that sexual conduct involving persons below the domestically prescribed minimum age of consent to sex may be consensual in fact, if not in law.
  In this context, the enforcement of criminal law should reflect the rights and capacity of persons under 18 years of age to make decisions about engaging in consensual sexual conduct and their rights to be heard in matters concerning them.
  And the reason for this was perhaps best summarized by Communist Marxist Vladimir Lenin when he said, Give me four years to teach the children, and the seed I have sown will never be uprooted.
  Reporting for InfoWars, this is Greg Reese.
   Now let's hear from one of the soldiers of this cult of death.
   If you back a wild animal into a corner, they're going to become a dangerous animal.
  So if you want to die on that hill of yours of righteousness and moral majority, then you go right ahead.
  I dare you to try and stop me from going into a women's bathroom.
  It will be the last mistake you ever make.
  I dare you to try and stop a transgender woman in my presence from using the bathroom.
  It will be the last mistake you ever make.
  This is a call to action and a call to arms to everybody within the United States that are scared, worried, have children that are transgender, lesbian, bi, or gay.
  This is a call to action.
  You need to arm up.
  Plain and simple.
  Go out, buy a gun.
  Learn how to use it.
  Efficiently.
  Through and through.
  Because the time to act is near.
  You need to protect yourself and you need to protect your fellow transgender brothers and sisters and they's and them's.
  You need to protect the rest of us in the LGB community.
  As I'm going to do myself.
  Because there are lots of people like me who are not afraid to die.
  I love my girlfriends to death, but I would rather die for them to secure their safety, freedom, and future.
  Than to live and not have anything done.
  This is the army of Satan.
  You go ahead.
  You protect your kids.
  That's right, we will.
  We will, Filth.
  In the early 1900s, certain companies were off-gassing highly toxic fluoride gases into the atmosphere.
  The surrounding communities began to get sick.
  Laws were enacted to compel these corporations to install scrubbers to convert these gases into fluorosilicic acid.
  Still highly toxic, but containable.
  Now these companies had a stockpile of this poison, and there was no affordable way to dispose of it.
  Lucky for them, one of their major stockholders was also the Secretary of the Treasury, who was responsible for the Public Health Service at the time.
  And by 1950, the U.S.
  government began buying this toxic, untreated industrial waste product and dumping it into our drinking water.
  Reputable studies show that it's causing various cancers and other disease.
  With the Alexa Pure Pro, you can have clean drinking water and a remedy to this madness.
   Available now at InfowarsStore.com 
   If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance.
  Live from the InfoWars.com studios, it's Alex Jones.
  It's Friday, April 21st, 2023.
  I'm your host, Alex Janis.
   Well, I have cleaned the slate of guests today, so if I could cover all this news and take your calls.
  
  We always cover incredibly important news, but today it is particularly revealing.
  The enemy is coming out of its satanic closet, crawling out from under its pedophilic rock.
   All over the U.S., there are passing laws or set-to-pass laws where schools talk to children as young as five years old And convince them they're another sex and then deliver them to a facility and the parents are not told where the children are and the police under law say we don't know where your child is even though they've been kidnapped.
  That's the next step they already have in place around the country where they have the files and don't tell the parents they've convinced your child to be one of these dozens of new things.
   There's over 200 different designations that government is now Pushing.
  Meanwhile, the UN has put out a report they've been working on for two years, put out by the ICJ, with over 60 judges from around the world that say it is a right to have sex with children in Section 16.
  And that it is a human right for children to consent to sex.
  Well, a child can't consent to sex.
  Then we have manuals from around the country, it's the same around the world, all written by the UN, that start convincing first-graders that they are one of these groups.
  And you can see where it totally confuses them.
  Do you like boys?
  They ask a six-year-old boy.
  Well, yeah, they want to play with boys.
  They ask girls, do you like girls?
  Well, that means you're a lesbian.
  It actually says that.
   So when you go out to a playground when you were a kid or you have kids, children, They act the same all over the world, in Africa, or Latin America, or North America, or Europe, or Asia.
  You go out to a park or playground, and the little boys all mainly get together and do their things.
  The little girls mainly get together.
  Now, there's only one girl and one boy at the park, they'll play together.
  But, if there's groups of boys and groups of girls, little boys are attracted.
  Like, I'm attracted to a cheeseburger, I don't want to have sex with it.
  But see, I'm 49 years old, and by the time I was 16 or 17, I could answer that question properly.
  About, are you attracted to a cheeseburger?
  I said, yes.
  Well, you are sexually attracted to food.
  That's basically what they're doing with the children.
  Do you like boys?
  Are you attracted to them?
  Little boys go, yeah, I want to put little boys.
  Little girls, do you like little girls?
  Do you like girls?
  Are you attracted to them?
  Well, the word attractive just means, are you attracted to a sunset?
  Or am I attracted to a hunting camp?
  In Colorado, to go on horseback and hunt elk.
  Yes!
  Doesn't mean I want to have sex with the horse or sex with the men that are at the camp.
  But it's all word games, psychological warfare games.
  They play and it's all directed by the big corporations to destroy the family and annihilate civilization.
  So Greg Reese has put out an excellent three and a half minute report that is devastating.
  Everybody should share it with every parent you know.
  Washington castrate minors without parole consent as UN pushes legalized pedophilia.
  And I'm going to go over the documents.
  I'm going to break it all down.
  And then we've got even more clips of quote trans activists saying they're going to shoot and kill anybody that doesn't give them access to children.
  Because they're persecuted.
  UN advisory group unveils legal framework to criminalize pedophilia.
  Jocelyn Elders, in 1993, was the Surgeon General nominee, and she told Congress, and she said, yes, I believe we should masturbate six-month-old boys and girls, and that at the nurseries, and at the kindergartens, that the teachers should manually fillate the children.
  You're like, well, that woman's crazy.
  No, this is their agenda.
  They want a relationship with your child.
  To politically tie them to their operation.
  They want to screw them up.
  If you caught your neighbor doing this with your son or daughter, you'd kill him, the grand jury wouldn't indict you.
  Catch your neighbor in the shed screwing your 7-year-old son, you're gonna kill him in rage, and the grand jury's gonna say, that's a crime of passion, give the man a medal.
   Now we know, it's confirmed, the police in Tennessee have said they've seen the manifesto, Of the psycho woman that thought she was a man.
  Turns out she was a trans activist and hated guns.
  And the FBI is suppressing the manifesto because it calls for killing gun owners until we turn our guns in.
  Showing Christian conservatives, your kids are going to die because you won't turn your guns in.
  This is an army of drugged out, mind controlled psychotics.
  And of course this individual is on a bunch of psychotropic drugs.
  And was allowed to have those guns and had leftist anti-gun parents.
  They weren't against their daughter.
  All the rest of this, I mean, this is this is just next level, ladies and gentlemen.
  So I have here in my hand.
  The U.N.
  official document.
   International Commission of Jurists Advisory Panel on the Rule of Law For the U.N.
  and for signatories to the U.N.
  Charter.
  Now, you gotta go read this for yourself.
  Took Rob, dude, two hours to cover it yesterday.
  Did an excellent job when he filled in for Owen.
  That's on a well-deserved vacation.
  But you need to go read Section 16.
  And we're going to be going over this for you today.
  But it's the whole gender cult.
  Scramble everybody's brains.
  And then if you oppose it in any way, you go to jail, just like in Germany or Canada.
  You put a swastika on a trans flag.
  You're a veteran, no criminal record.
  They take you to jail.
  Stay months in jail.
  So, they mean business.
   We're putting on screen legislation that passed, Washington State, saying they're gonna take your children, And when they identify as trans at the school, and if the children say mommy doesn't like it or dad doesn't like it, they will take you to a facility and not tell you that they've kidnapped them, and they will prepare them for chemical or physical mutilation.
  It's not a horror movie.
  This is not fiction.
  This is the establishment wanting to take over children.
   One of the main bellwethers or hallmarks or signs of all the Different pieces of tyranny.
  Is the system taking over the youth?
  Is the state removing parents from the equation?
  And they decided to go with sexualization to confuse the children because they haven't hit puberty.
   And anyone That is crazy enough to raise Children in a blue city or blue town or blue state.
  He's had their head examined.
  That's why.
  I love our crew here.
  I like the Austin operation.
  But I have told my wife and she agrees.
  That he were able to keep the informers headquarters here.
  We will, but I. And my about to be six year old daughter.
   They were unable to mess up my other We have to evacuate.
  I cannot raise a child in this environment.
  And Austin's one of the worst places.
  I mean, this is a damn dangerous cult.
  People ask, why do you live here?
  Well, my family helped found Texas and found what is Austin?
  Waterloo?
  Previous name.
  And I've had family here since the 1820s.
  the 1820s and just where I'm from.
  We moved to Dallas when I was a baby, but I was born in Dallas, but we moved back down here when I was in high school, but it's sad, but it's just too dangerous.
  And I definitely don't want to live in Los Angeles or San Francisco, and Austin is about as bad as that now.
  And you don't even have the incredible weather, so we just have to be honest about that.
   But I'm going to go over All of this today, but this cult is coming.
  This is their main attack.
  And when you read this, the legislation that passed in Washington State and is introduced all over the country, and when you read the UN saying, we're going to ask your seven-year-old if they want to have sex with men or adults, and if your seven-year-old says it, we're going to introduce them to men that are going to fuck your children.
  Taxi says they're gonna screw, rape your children.
  
  
  Nobody rides for free.
  I'm gonna hit some huge Mayorkas news on the border and more.
  Some of his latest over-the-top brainwashing and gaslighting.
  Several of those clips in a moment.
  But first, nobody rides for free.
  We can't stay on air.
  We can't pay for the massive servers.
  We can't pay for all the software and all the infrastructure and the satellite uplinks without your support.
  And I want to hire more reporters.
  I want to send them around the country and the world again.
  I don't want to just stay on air, which we've stabilized or able to do right now.
  I want to be able to expand.
  So I want to thank you all for keeping us on air.
  I want to thank you for your prayers, your word of mouth.
  It's an information war.
  And I want to encourage you to go to Infowarsstore.com and get the very best products.
  I can get supplements for 10% of what I get these for.
  That compounds are still so powerful, you get a pretty good response on those.
  The highest end, the cleanest, the very best formulas that top researchers develop for us, and a lot of these are clones of already best-selling products.
  You're not going to get A-plus, platinum-level quality products, five-star products, for anywhere near these prices.
  Permaforce Plus is new and improved even better, with a whole bunch of natural compounds for 10 hours of clean energy that kicks in at different points.
  Some hits quick, some hits in 4 or 5 hours, some hits in like 6 hours, 8 hours, 10 hours of energy, TurboForce Plus, now in a canister, stronger, and even more product.
  InfowarStore.com, back in stock.
  Ultimate Bone Prof, sold out for over 2 years, just couldn't get the ingredients.
  We got it reformulated even better.
  InfowarStore.com.
  We're selling out right now the first run of DietForce, a bunch of natural compounds that help you lose weight naturally, it's so easy.
  DietForce, InfowarStore.com.
  1776 testosterone boost.
  Infowarsstore.com.
  And something I really want you to think about, and this is what I've been eating out of here, so this is not a full bottle, but I'm going to pour these out on the table here.
  Overhead shot, please.
  Ultimate krill oil.
  We have to really look and work with top companies that are already some of the top krill producers to get their highest quality.
   This is beyond the grade A. It's kind of like beef where you have The different ratings.
  Well, this was beef.
  It's that super-rated beef that you get at the steakhouses, you know, where the steak's 100 bucks, and where if it was just regular grade, it'd be 20 bucks.
  These babies, this is the highest grade of krill that you're gonna find.
  There's no coloring in that.
  It's bright, glowing, Superman red is what I call it.
  Electric red.
  And that is only the oil of the krill.
  Not all the other garbage, not brine.
  Most krill you find is all cloudy and yellow.
  Real krill oil is red.
  Very hard to find it.
  This is pure, unpasteurized krill oil.
  This, ladies and gentlemen, is insane.
  So you need to get krill oil.
  If you've not had krill oil, look at these babies.
  Infowarstore.com.
  There's even more in the bottle.
  These are filled to the brim.
  But I've eaten seven or eight of these.
  Well, I guess Sunday.
  So, look at those.
  Look at those.
  But this is the next level.
  And if you take two of these before you go to bed at night, almost everybody calls in and says, my gosh, I had the most fantastic dreams ever.
  Your brain loves this stuff, and it funds the InfoWar, waking up other people's brains.
  Your ultimate krill oil now at InfoWarStore.com or 888-253-3139, and get your 1776 testosterone boost.
  It'll blow you away.
  We've taken BrainForce and made it BrainForce Plus.
  Now with 20% more in the bottle and an even more hardcore formula.
  You owe it to yourself to get these products.
  They really have worked for myself, my family.
  They have five-star reviews by the thousands.
  Infowarslife.com.
   Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones.
  
   You know, I don't normally air a special report twice in one show.
  I don't normally air it twice, period.
  But this report is so important.
  I played it in the first five, and a lot of stations don't carry the first five.
  I want this to really sink in.
  I want everybody listening to go to InfoWars.com and demand that video to the Gregory section.
  We're going to add this special report out of the live show feed today.
  I'll put the live show feed on screen because this is not a spectator sport.
  This is absolute combat with Satan coming after our children.
  Washington castrate minors without parental consent as UN pushes legalized pedophilia.
  And it's all a unified agenda worldwide.
  Before I get into all this latest news, let me point you to this article from just two and a half years ago or two years ago.
  And you talk about a rabbit hole into hell.
   This was already years ago, I reported this 15 years before this ever came out, because it was already known in Germany and in Canada, that in one city alone, over 40 years, 30,000 children were placed with convicted child rapists as young as age 2 to form a new family, boys with pedophile men, girls with pedophile women, So they can be recruited to form a new civilization.
  Now, if you're a new listener, I'm not joking.
  Here's even the New Yorker magazine.
  The German experiment that placed foster children with pedophiles.
  With the approval of the government, a renowned sexologist ran a dangerous program.
  How could this happen?
  So, this article is a whitewash.
  It wasn't one psychiatrist, sexologist.
  It wasn't one city, Hamburg.
  It was all over the country.
  Hundreds of thousands of children, starting in the 60s, right into the 2000s.
  And then people got together and got mad enough that the victims got together.
  And ladies and gentlemen, when you read the confirmed reports, they put a three-year-old in with a pedophile, the pedophile starts raping him and training him.
  Now they're a trained sex slave.
  Then they would be delivered to houses and facilities and sometimes churches, Catholic churches, where dozens of men would gang-rape the children.
  So they're trained by a pedophile from age 2 to 3 to be raped and to do what they're told.
  Then they're taken and gang-raped.
  It's a money operation.
  The CIA was involved.
  You think Jeffrey Epstein?
  What you know about him is the tip of the iceberg.
  It's not even one snowflake off the top.
  They murdered children.
  And it's all about their selfishness.
  It's all about their power.
  They murdered children at Little St.
  John Island in the Caribbean.
  Reports are that the boats would arrive at night.
  They'd like slaughterhouse stations down by the ocean.
  Then they put the dead children in meat grinders.
  Little brown children kidnapped around the Caribbean, delivered to be murdered.
  Their favorite thing is to be raping them and slit their throat on Climax.
  That's what a lot of British Prime Ministers and others do.
   There's one famous British Prime Minister who would lead the little girls in for his lunch, and at lunch they'd put out plastic, and then they'd slit the little girl's throat while the Prime Minister masturbated.
  Folks, I'm sorry to have to tell you this, okay?
  You wonder why they put poison in your shots?
  You wonder why they do all this?
  They murdered children at lunchtime for fun.
  They had torture sex dungeons for Prince Charles that Jimmy Savelle ran.
  And, oh my God, I don't even want to tell you the rest of it.
   Their particular thing, though, and I guess the children are lucky, That they were dead already, but they would also stand by Savelle.
  And as soon as a kid died at the hospital.
  If they were an orphan, or the parents weren't around, they'd throw them in the back of an ambulance, and then they'd take them to a party where everybody had sex with a dead kid.
  So, and by the way, that came out in the news, okay?
  The sex dungeon, the dead kids, and, you know, sometimes when the kids hit like 10 or 11 or 12, they'd try to use them to go kidnap other kids, but a lot of the kids would rebel, and so they'd famously do stuff like tie them up in the street and just run over them with a truck, in front of everybody, like in the middle of London.
  So, that's who runs your government.
  When you wonder why they all look so evil and they act so evil, remember what John McCain's wife famously said.
  In fact, find the clip, guys.
  She said, everybody knew Jeffrey Epstein was raping kids.
  Yeah, everybody knew, huh?
  You know who owns the Atlantic Monthly, right?
  Steve Jobs' ex-wife.
  Real nice person.
  Yeah, she likes to go to Little St.
  John's quite a bit.
  The ultimate monsters, real monsters exist, but they come in human form.
  But they're filled with a demonic energy that is not human, that lusts after the blood of our children.
  So I just showed you mainstream news that the German government, and you follow the trail of the CIA, in an occupied country by the U.S.
   military, I mean, folks, I didn't even tell you half of what was described by the victims in Germany, which was confirmed.
  They would rape them so hard and so long that their guts would spill out their hind end.
  That was also done to one of the women, famously, that Hillary Clinton got the guy that raped her out of jail and made jokes about how it was funny.
  She thought it was funny.
  They raped her with a broomstick so she'd never have children again.
  I'm not going to describe what happened, but basically her uterus came out on the ground.
  These are nice people.
  Okay?
  So, raping the children is the tip of the iceberg.
  And let me just prove this one more way.
  One more big way for it, before I show all the documents.
  If someone just molested your son or daughter, they can get over it.
  But if someone could brainwash your son or daughter to be chemically castrated so they're stunted, so they have major health problems, so they're dwarfing, so they then have their genitals cut off, isn't that far more brutal than just raping your child?
  And the answer is yes.
  And it's everywhere put out as a right and a beautiful, wonderful thing.
   Now this is the artwork that they published in 2007 in the Washington Post called What was the exact headline?
  It was called Dangerous Art.
  Thousands of pieces of art in the home of Tony Podesta, top Democrat lobbyist.
  And we can't show you most of it here on air.
  The TV stations will take us off air.
  And I get it.
  We should not show you what else we have.
  But what looks like to be about four year olds and three year olds tied up in dungeons.
   And if you look carefully, Well, they've been raped.
  And the images also were done in cartoon style.
  So like a big fat man.
  And then it's the image of a baby on top of it in a bed while women all stand around and watch.
  So these people mean business.
  All right.
  And this is a collage of different art and different things that have been out from different places.
  We can actually... We're gonna pull that up, guys.
  Pull up the actual... There's clippings of it.
  If you type in Tony Podesta Dangerous Art, click Google Images, and then that... You'll see there's a scan of the... You know, like they have that Arts and Varieties page.
  Any big paper?
  The big spread was, look at his house!
  Look at his art!
  He's giving you a tour of the house!
  And that's what's on the walls!
  Okay, so...
  Now when we come back, the legislation.
  Take your children and you think your child's dead or kidnapped.
   No, they've kidnapped them and they never tell you they have them.
   Various highly toxic fluoride gases, which are byproducts from aluminum and fertilizer
   production, have been an environmental problem since the late 1800s.
  In 1930 Belgium, pollution from aluminum smelters filled the air with fluoride gases, killing dozens of people and injuring thousands.
  Companies like the Aluminum Company of America, or Alcoa, had no affordable method for disposal of these deadly toxins.
  And in the 1930s, Andrew Mellon, a founder of Alcoa and one of its major stockholders, was also the U.S.
  Treasury Secretary and was responsible for ordering the Public Health Service to study the effects of putting fluoride in the water supply.
  With little evidence, the study concluded that one part per millionth of fluoride in the water was safe and would help prevent tooth decay.
  A series of articles were published in support of water fluoridation.
  And in the early 1940s, the government began fluoridating the drinking water in test cities.
  And in 1950, without any long-term toxicological studies, a horde of government organizations all gave water fluoridation the official stamp of approval for the USA.
  Allowing companies like Alcoa to take what was once too deadly to dispose of and sell it to the government for a profit.
  These deadly fluoride gases are now converted into fluorosilicic acid, still highly toxic, but containable in high-density cross-linked polyethylene storage tanks.
  This untreated industrial waste is sold to the government, transported to public reservoirs throughout the United States, and dumped into our drinking water.
  According to OSHA, fluorosilicic acid has dire health consequences for anyone that comes into contact with it.
  But our government says it's safe to drink, and they use this poison as the main product in their fluoridation program.
  Only a few countries do this.
  Aside from the U.S., Australia, Ireland, Singapore, and Brazil also dump this hazardous waste product into the public water supply.
  But most countries don't because it's insane.
  Many reputable studies have claimed it's causing several diseases, including various cancers and Down syndrome.
  Over half the mass of our body is water.
  Water is life.
  And clean water is the foundation of any good, healthy lifestyle.
  Water filtration is the most important thing you can do to fortify your body in this mad, mad world of toxic destruction.
  The value of a gravity-fed water filtration system is that even if the power goes down, you can still get filtered water.
  It's a must-have, even if you already have filters on your water main.
  Because without water pressure, you have no water.
  But with the Gravity-Fed Alexa Pure Pro from MyPatriotSupply, you and your family will have safe, healthy drinking water whenever you need it.
  Available now at InfowarStore.com.
  Support the InfoWar and support your health at InfoWarStore.com.
   Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order is
  It's Alex Jones.
   If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance.
  Live from the InfoWars.com studios, it's Alex Jones.
   So it isn't just about special rights, it isn't just about creating a corporate funded
  fad for there to be 200 genders.
  It's about destroying the family and setting up a system based on pedophilia.
  That was the German government slash CIA experiment.
  The German experiment that placed foster children with pedophiles.
  Now you're like, well, that's just the German government.
  Crossed West Germany.
  The program ended after the merger of Germany, but it's now gone operational.
  It's not hidden now.
  It's out in the open.
  Oh, we're not pedophiles.
  We're transgender advocates.
  We're going to form a sexual identity relationship with your child and guide them sexually in their life.
  I mean, if you were married to somebody for, say, five years, you loved them, they were great, and then you have a child, and when the child's six, it's a man or woman, be the husband or the wife, and you catch them telling your son or daughter that you could be another sex, or telling them that they wanted to have sex with adults, that's okay.
  You'd call the police.
  You'd divorce that person.
  You'd get custody.
  But the schools are doing it and keeping it secret on record.
  That's all over the news.
  The manuals from Texas to Colorado, New York, Illinois.
  Everywhere.
  Florida.
  Same thing in the UK.
  Same thing in Europe.
  Same thing where the globalists run things.
  Every country they run.
  What do child predators do?
  They groom the children.
  They form long relationships with them before they abuse.
  That's what the high IQ ones do.
  It's the low IQ ones that grab your kid out of the back of your yard or grab them when you're trying on, you know, clothes at the mall and your kid's supposed to be sitting there and you see the videos all the time where some guy grabs my arm and says, come with me or I'm gonna hurt you.
  The kids get scared and go.
  That's what this is, but now it's done through the institution, through psychiatrists, through the psychologists, and it's all been beta tested.
  At Boys Town, and going back decades and decades ago, they've beta tested this and built an underground cult that abuses children and literally traffics in them and now makes billions off cutting their genitals off.
  It's a takeover program, and now it's gearing up to absolutely invade every aspect of life, not just women's sports.
  That's just the tip of the spear of this.
  That's just the group.
  They go, oh, they're being victimized because you don't want us to teach your children.
  You're causing them to commit suicide.
  They need access to your children.
  Embrace them.
  Make them feel good about the decision they made.
  And then all over the Western world, they get the autistic and Down syndrome children.
  And tell them, you're beautiful.
  You're wonderful.
  We're gonna have a party for you.
  You're really another sex.
   In fact, let's, uh, Play a clip from the TV show, Drag Syndrome.
  Show I had members of Parliament on 15 years ago in the UK talking about how the majority of the children were either Down syndrome or autistic.
  They were targeting the schools for sterilization and now they have TV shows promoting it.
  Here's the clip.
  Hello!
  How are you?
  I'm good.
  How are you?
  Oh my God!
  It's lovely to meet you.
  I'm the biggest fan of his.
  It's lovely to see you.
  How are you?
  I'm good.
  I don't know if you're dressed up.
  What happened to you?
  I'm fine. I'm good now.
  Are you sure?
  You guys look gorgeous.
  Look at you.
  Oh my gosh, you look amazing.
   So that's Sam Smith, who identifies as non-binary
   when he's not dancing around with women in cages, as Satan.
  And that's what this is.
  
  It's nothing but a popularization of sterilization.
  There's also a big leftist fetish about having sex with Down Syndrome people, folks.
  It's particularly the children.
  For a long time, because they wouldn't believe or couldn't be, you know, defended, a lot of them were in institutions.
   So that was another thing that came out of the CIA trials here and in Germany, was that the Down Syndrome children were one of the favorite things of the establishment.
  They like to make fun of them.
  They like to humiliate them.
  They like to make it a big joke.
  They don't know it's a big joke.
  It's just, there's no level of evil at which these people won't engage in.
  But I said I was going to play this again.
  And listen, listeners, there are millions of people that tune in throughout the four hours every day.
   If you'll just go to BandOnVideo, if you'll just go to InfoWars, if you'll just get this report we're about to play, He won't get a half million views, he'll get five million views, which means we'll reach more people, which means we'll expose this takeover.
  So please, go to InfoWars.com, the live show feed, and get this report.
  The Greg Rees has put out will again put on screen the name of the report, but it's absolutely critical to get this report.
  Washington State legalizes kidnapping and sterilizing children without parole consent as UN pushes legalized pedophilia.
  And then we come back, I'm going to get directly into the actual UN report that's even worse and will legalize pedophilia worldwide.
  here it is.
  No allegation of abuse is required, just the child's delusional desire to change the gender of their own body.
  The bill compels state-licensed youth shelters to act as accomplices in castrating children without their parents' knowledge.
  and allocates over $7 million to pay for the surgical and pharmaceutical castrations.
  According to this new law, if a child shows up at a youth shelter in Washington State and expresses the desire to change the gender of their body, claiming that their parents are against it, then the youth shelter is legally obligated to not notify the parents of the child's location.
  But rather, to funnel that child into the destructive and horrific world of transgenderism, paid for by the state of Washington with taxpayer dollars.
  And it's not limited to Washington residences.
  Any young, confused, runaway child can now make their way to Washington to get castrated by the government without their parents ever being notified.
  The agenda to destroy Christian culture and the family was further demonstrated last month when scores of UN judges published the 8 March principles for a human rights-based approach to criminal law proscribing conduct associated with sex, reproduction, drug use, HIV, homelessness, and poverty.
  The document states that these principles should be of immediate relevance to legislators, judges, and prosecutors at all levels.
  These principles include the right to abortion and transgender surgeries.
  They recommend the legalization of prostitution and all drug use.
  But the real offense is buried at the end of Principle 16, Consensual Sexual Conduct, where it states that sexual conduct involving persons below the domestically prescribed minimum age of consent to sex may be consensual in fact, if not in law.
  In this context, the enforcement of criminal law should reflect the rights and capacity of persons under 18 years of age to make decisions about engaging in consensual sexual conduct and their rights to be heard in matters concerning them.
  And the reason for this was perhaps best summarized by Communist Marxist Vladimir Lenin when he said, Give me four years to teach the children, and the seed I have sown will never be uprooted.
  Reporting for InfoWars, this is Greg Reese.
  Okay, so the report is on InfoWars.com, but you can't really share that link anywhere, so you go to MadMaxWorld.tv, it's on the front page of the site, and that MadMaxWorld.tv link is able to be shared on Twitter, Facebook, everywhere else.
  Re-upload it, put it out however you want, just warn the world they're coming after the children.
  This is a major operation, it's happening almost everywhere.
  God is going to destroy us if we allow this to continue.
   And all the people going along with it, well, I would not want to be you.
  Let's go to James in Oklahoma.
  James, you're on the InfoWars War Room.
  Go ahead.
  So, I just want to say I am a huge fan, alright?
  First off, before I get into anything else, I was drinking four to five energy drinks a day.
  And it was horrible.
  I was spending tons of money.
  I felt like crap.
  And then I got on the Brain Force, and I'm about to try that Turbo Force.
  I ordered it for the first time.
  Awesome.
  And I want to say, it is amazing.
  Great to hear.
  Thank you guys for what you're doing.
  Hey, thanks for calling in.
  Hopefully we hear from you again.
  Let's go to... Folks, I'm not even kidding you.
  Half the callers are calling in about TurboForce.
  So, okay, fine.
  I said whatever I'm talking about, you're calling in.
  Alright, so we'll talk about TurboForce.
  I love TurboForce.
  So, okay, Mike in New York wants to talk TurboForce.
  Mike, go ahead.
  Good evening, Owen.
  Evening.
  I would like to say to you and all the other InfoWarriors out there, odds are, if you're an InfoWarrior, you have a job, right?
  You go to work every day.
  Odds are, if you go to work every day, there's nobody else there to help you out.
  This is where TurboForce comes into play.
  I'm a mail carrier.
  We haven't had employees in months.
  I cracked a little turbo force, and thank God, thank God it's back in stock now.
  But, uh, I was getting really low.
  I was getting worried.
  But now that I got turbo forced, I know I'll be able to get through my day, finish strong, come home, and, uh, you know, do whatever else I need to do for the day.
  Turbo force for the win.
  If you haven't tried it, try it.
  That's all for tonight, Owen.
  Peace out, brother.
  All right, Mike.
  Amazing stuff.
  I mean, no wonder.
   I bet you if you live in Mike's area on his mail route, you're always getting your mail on time.
  
  
  This is official.
  It is the megacorporations of the world waging war against prosperity, against the individuals, against small businesses.
  Tune in and learn how to stop the Great Reset before it's too late.
  It's not too late to bring the globalists that are orchestrating and engineering all of this to justice.
  Because if they get the blame for what they've engineered, they're going to go to prison.
  And their future operations to totally depopulate us, once the collapse takes place, will be stopped.
  So this is absolutely life-saving, critical, most important information in the world right now.
  It's why this broadcast still being on air keeps the New World Order, people like Bill Gates, Klaus Schwab, and King Charles awake at night.
  That's not a boast.
  They attack us.
  They spend their time and energy trying to shut us down.
  They have emergency summits at the White House yesterday calling us white supremacists.
  Because we're willing to stand up and fight them.
  We're willing to expose them.
  We're willing to be true to humanity and to God and our families and our children.
  This is a societal level collapse.
  They call it the Great Reset.
  This is their global domination.
  This is it.
  This is modern war.
  Oh, no, no, no.
  I don't even know what this is.
  How did you get here?
  I just caught you, American!
  You visited Bandar Video!
  Oh, Mark Zuckerberg and others angry at you!
  Do what CNN says and do not visit Bandar Video, or I have to hurt you!
  Ah!
   Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order. It's Alex Jones
   There are all these popular pop and hip-hop artists They're suddenly announcing their LGBTQ p XYZ
   And they're literally targeting children 
  They have reality TV shows where they go out and target both disabled children and non-disabled children, dress them up like clowns, and induct them into the hellish world of the sex-traded morm.
   Here is LGBTQ performer Sam Smith, again, who likes to do those little satanic ceremonies on TV, beating drag queens with Down syndrome.
  Let's play the video.
  Oh, happy to see you as we induct you to be sterilized.
  Oh, look you're famous.
  I'm living in front of you.
  Oh, it's lovely to see you.
  Oh, happy to see you as we induct you to be sterilized.
  Oh, look, you're famous.
  This guy, of course, he's just paid to do this.
  Oh, I'm fine. I'm good now.
  Are you sure?
  Yeah, I'm sure.
  You guys look gorgeous!
  Look how disingenuous this all is.
  Oh my goodness, you look amazing.
  You're gorgeous.
  You look amazing.
  This is like a clown.
  Where is my champagne?
  Where's my bag?
  Where's my diamond ring?
  Where's my gin and tonic?
  Yeah, you don't need any Special Olympics for these folks or build group homes for them so they can take care of themselves and have decency.
  No, let's parade them around like shrunken heads tied around some New Guinea native's waist.
  The people he's taken out.
  Trophies of death and destruction.
  Okay, so here's the headline from Infowars.com.
   "UN Advisory Group Unveils Legal Framework "to Decriminalize Pedophilia,"
  with all the links and subparagraphs for you.
   Breitbart also has a UN Issues Report pushing for criminalization and decriminalization
  of pedophilia.
  But you know how we do it here.
   We don't just read you a headline Look, I mean, you have it, as we actually show you.
  So, this is being adopted by the UN.
  Two years plus in the making.
  Sixty plus judges around the world.
  The 8th March Principles for a Human Rights Based Approach to Criminal Law Prescribing Conduct Associated with Sex, Reproduction, Drug Use, HIV, Homelessness, and Poverty.
  Which they're inducting people into, and the report just came out a few days ago.
  But it's listed as March, though we are now in April.
  All right, let's go ahead and go through this.
  And again, it's all how they're going to brainwash the kids and take them away from the parents.
  It's everything you've already seen.
  It's how you don't have to disclose you've got HIV and you can give it to people, just like the California law they passed.
  Everything you see happening in our states is being run by these people.
  And it just continues on.
  We have the table of contents.
  Where it explains that there's no harm done to a child if they're consenting in the sex.
  I'm actually going to show you the subsection.
  So this is the bioethics, this is the program, this is the plan, the process, the structure, preamble to what they are going to do.
  The basic principles of criminal law.
  That principle one.
  Principle two, principle three, principle four.
  Principle of legality.
  Harm principle.
  Individual criminal liability.
  Voluntary act requirement.
  And this is all how the lawyers protect themselves, they think.
  You opt in, they tell you the vaccines are safe and everything's wonderful and they've all been tested.
  None of that's true.
  In the fine print, it says not tested.
  We have no liability if you get sick or die.
   But if you opt in, Well, they can do it.
  Now they're saying your five-year-old can.
  They're saying they can opt in.
  Here is Section 8.
  And we can also put up the Greg Reese report.
  It's got nice screenshots of this in HD for people.
  Let's look at Section 8.
  Let's look at Principle 16.
  This is on page 22.
  Consensual sexual conduct.
  Consensual sexual conduct, irrespective of the type of sexual activity, the sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression of people involved in their marital status, may not be criminalized in any circumstance.
  Consensual same sex as well as consensual different sex, sexual relations or consensual sexual relations whether between trans, non-binary or other gender diverse people.
  And now they say that children can identify as adults.
  Or outside marriage, whether premarital or extramarital, may therefore never be criminalized.
  It's also about breaking the family up.
   With respect to the enforcement of criminal law, any prescribed minimum age of consent to sex must be applied to a non-discriminatory manner Enforcement may not be linked to the sex, gender of participants, or the age of consent to marriage, or age of consent to sex.
   Moreover, sexual conduct involving persons below the domestically prescribed minimum, whatever your country is, they override it, age of consent to sex may be consensual, in fact, If not in law.
  In this context, the enforcement of criminal law should reflect the rights and capacity.
  of persons under the age of 18 or age to make decisions about engaging in consensual sexual conduct and their right to be heard in matters concerning them pursuant to where evolving capabilities and progressive autonomy versus under 18 years of age should participate in decisions affecting them with due regard to their age maturity and best interest as a specific attention to non-discriminating guarantees.
  And it goes on.
  So, here's how it works.
  We've shown all these articles the past few weeks.
  Everybody knows about it.
  But I've got some examples right here.
  Where... They tell your 8-year-old, you're really a girl, you're really a boy.
  Don't tell your parents.
  And then if the parents find out, we'll protect you.
  And then they have bills passed, places like Washington State, to take you, put you in the facility, and never tell your parents where you went, and not tell your parents that they took you.
  You don't know where your child is.
  It's on the news.
  Where's Jenny?
  Well, your name's already changed to Bobby.
  I mean, they're jumping over the line a million miles.
  I mean, they're not crossing the line.
  They are just, just absolutely no parental rights.
  Your children belong to us.
  We'll give them abortions.
  We'll sterilize them.
  We'll cut their genitals off.
  We'll take them away from you.
  We won't tell you where they are.
  I mean, this is what every authoritarian state does.
  They just usually turn their kids into spies and workers and soldiers.
  But the globalists are like, oh, we're going to sterilize them and turn them into sex workers.
  That's what they have with these career days in middle school all over the country.
  Again, from Texas to Colorado to Michigan, it's all over, where they come in and have prostitutes and people tell the kids what a great job it is.
  I mean, this is just next level, ladies and gentlemen.
  California bill proposes fines, jail time for those who harass teachers over gender ideology in teaching.
  That means criticizing them at the school boards.
  Remember I'm sending the FBI to the school boards two years ago?
  So, this is very, very, very serious.
  Washington Bill to allow medical transgender interventions on minors without parental consent.
  But that's not even the meat of it.
  It's the taking the child away.
  So, that's just some of the information.
  Then we've got this happening.
  Illegal aliens who are LGBTQ, including children, may not be detained under Democrats' new bill.
  This is actually a human smuggling bill.
  I'm going to get to that next hour.
  They are hitting on all cylinders.
  It's their big tag cover.
  And this just in.
  House passes trans athlete ban.
  We'll have more on that coming up.
  All right, we're gonna go to break.
  We're going to start the next hour.
  We've got a bunch of other news about the election and Elon Musk and wars and a giant gold heist, one of the biggest in world history.
  And then Bill Gates is putting a secret ingredient in much of your food.
  But that's just not coming to light.
  That's obviously highly toxic.
  And of course, linked to infertility, of course.
  Oh yeah, half the produce in the country is being sprayed with it.
  You might want to know about that.
  That's all coming up next hour.
   But please remember, we have high quality supplements that are tested to the highest standards that are Sure, and clean, and amazing, and have great results and five-star reviews at InfoWarshaw.com, and that's how we're able to fund ourselves.
  With the population backing us and commissioning us to do this operation.
  So please go to MFORWARSHORE.COM.
  Again, if just 1% more of the listeners and viewers go buy products at MFORWARSHORE.COM, we won't just be stabilized, we'll be able to radically expand in the face of this tyranny.
  This couldn't be a more important time in human development, and I'm very blessed to be here, very blessed that you've supported us.
   I humbly ask you to get great products that will enrich your life at MFORWARSHORE.COM, TurboForce, Incredible 10-hour clean energy and pre-workout and so many other things.
  So good for you, all these amino acids and more.
  It is an incredible formula.
  It's 25% off back in stock.
  Infowarstore.com or 888-253-3139.
  We also have the Ultimate Krill Oil, 40% off.
  Real Red Pill Plus, selling out an amazing 40% off.
  The best CBD oil out there at about half the price others sell it for.
  So good for your joints and bones, neurological system.
  A lot of great products at Infowarshore.com and we've got t-shirts back in.
  Alex Jones for President and the Trump mugshot t-shirts.
  Thank you all for your support.
  Hour number two straight ahead.
  Please stay with us.
  Products like DNA Force, Super Male Vitality, and your Vitamin C and Zinc with rose hips have become staples of my everyday life.
  Thank you.
  You're welcome.
  And what I feel is more important, though, is your filtration systems.
   The fact that we spend one-third of our life in our bed Everyone should have an air filter in your bedroom at least.
  You have no idea what you're missing if you don't.
   And if you're not filtering your water that you drink, the water that you cook with, or even the water that you Clean your fruits and vegetables with, again, you are not taking your health into your own hands like you can.
  It'll change everything for you.
  And once you get back the shower filters, I propose you put together a package with all three to get everyone started with a healthier living.
  Well, let me interrupt you and then we'll come back from breakfast and you'll get your point out.
  But I want to just say something about this.
  It came out two weeks ago.
  We've done some reports on it, but I haven't covered it personally.
  They gave the Health and Human Services Department and the EPA, months ago, a 50-plus university, 20-year study consortium that the IQs are dropping because of fluoride in the water and fertility.
  Of course, they knew that.
  That's why they did it.
   And Admiral whatever his name is, the guy that dresses like a girl, He blocked that, but the report still came out.
  So yes, they are bombing us through the water supply.
  If you think it's bad they're giving mRNA shots to some of the cows, if you think that's bad, ladies and gentlemen, what they call fluoride is just toxic waste.
  That's a buy-all catchphrase.
  For up to 300 plus chemicals, they dump in the water.
   Alright, I got a lot of important news we're going to be hitting next segment.
   I'll open the phones up as well and take calls for several hours here on this live Friday transmission, but I want to play a few excerpts of Robert Kennedy Jr.' 's speech.
  It was very, very powerful.
  Here's a couple of those segments.
   My father, when he came back one time from the Delta, he said, We were all at the dinner table when he came in and he said, I was in a tar paper shack today that was smaller than this dining room.
  And there were two families living there and the children get one meal a day.
  And when you get older, I want you to help those people.
  And when we would go into Southeast Washington or Appalachia, he would say to us, these are your people.
  These are Kennedy people.
  He said the other.
  People, the big shots, the corporations, the millionaires don't need the Kennedys.
  They have lobbyists, they have PR firms, they have lawyers.
  And he said, these are your people, and these are the people you need to spend your life helping.
  And when I'm president, I'm gonna be president for those people.
  You're gonna really take back this country?
  You give me...
  A piece of ground and a sword, and I am going to take back this country with your help, the help of all the homeless Republicans and Democrats and Independents who are Americans first.
  Thank you all very much.
  America first.
  America first out of a Kennedy.
  That's good.
  That's how far we've come folks.
  We're actually winning.
  Probably enemies going crazy throwing all these fits.
  My uncle came into office two months later.
  He was fighting his intelligence apparatus, his military, because they wanted to invade.
  They wanted to do the Bay of Pigs.
  He was totally against it.
  And he let them roll over him.
  And in the middle of the Bay of Pigs, he realized they were lying to him.
   And he realized the function of the intelligence agencies had become To provide the military industrial complex with a constant pipeline of war.
  And he came out during the middle of the night, during the Bay of Pigs catastrophe, and he said, I want to take the CIA.
  Alan Dulles had lied to him, Charles Comeau, Richard Bissell, Louis Lamitzer, Curtis LeMay had all lied to him through their teeth.
  And he said, I want to take the CIA and shatter it into a thousand pieces and scatter it to the winds.
  And that got him killed.
  Boy, I tell ya, the whole speech was powerful.
  And... Kennedy's for real.
  I mean, I read all his policies, but he's a real deal.
  George Bush, George W. Bush had the same problem.
   George W. Bush says the worst mistake he made as president was listening to CIA Director George Tenet tell him it was a slam dunk that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction and so the neocons and CIA got to go into Iraq And throw out and do regime change and we got not now we spent eight trillion dollars and what do we get for that eight trillion?
  Nothing.
  Worse than nothing.
  Iraq is now much worse off than it was when we went in there.
  We killed more Iraqis than Saddam Hussein ever did.
  We may have killed a million Iraqis and nobody knows the number.
   It is an incoherent country today with where Shia death squads are fighting with Sunni death
  squads in the street.
  The government is corrupt, the police are corrupt.
  We created ISIS.
  We drove 2 million refugees up into Europe.
  They destabilized democracy for a generation in Europe.
  They caused Brexit.
  This is the cost of the Iraq war.
   $8 trillion there, $16 trillion for the lockdowns, $24 trillion,
   nothing to show except a devastated middle class in the United States of America,
  and we need to put an end to that.
  Because it's a plan.
  We are under attack.
  It is a plan.
  They're doing it on purpose.
  Our entire strategy in the Mideast has utterly collapsed and our economy is going to follow if we don't do something fast.
  And I'm going to bring the troops home.
  And I am going to start... I'm going to close the bases.
  And I'm going to start investing in the United States' middle class in our country.
  And I'm going to make us an exemplary democracy again.
  All right, we'll be right back, ladies and gentlemen, in 60 seconds.
  Everybody, you know, tune in.
  That's how we win.
  You are the power.
  You are the resistance.
  You are victory.
  Matt, yo, dude.
  Get up, bro.
  You're gonna be on with Alex Jones in one hour.
  What?
  Oh, dude.
  Oh, man.
  I don't think... I don't think I'm gonna make it, dude.
  You got any coffee or what?
  Coffee?
  Brother, where we're going, you don't need... Coffee.
  Check this out.
  What you need is some Brain Force Ultra.
  
  
  
  Matt Baker, you made it!
  Thanks to BrainForce Ultra.
  Woo!
  Woo-hoo!
  Yeah!
   Get your Brain Force Ultra right now at InforStore.com Big Brother
  Mainstream media.
  Government cover-ups.
  You want to stop tyranny?
  Well, so does he.
  Live from the InfoWars.com studios, it's Alex Jones.
  All right, I'm going to finish up with the pedophile revolution that's even worse than just a pedophile revolution, a transhumanist, satanic takeover, and the news we covered last time.
  I'm going to recap and get to the rest of the news.
  Then I'm going to hit a bunch of the other news, and it is extremely important, absolutely insane.
  They've introduced legislation, bipartisanly, that puts us on an internet ID for the central bank digital currency.
  So we're going to get into that.
  Also, video CDC director admits for the first time that vaccinated people can spread COVID.
  We always knew that.
  It makes you spread it worse.
  It makes the virus mutate.
  Also, Joe Biden is set to announce next week his reelection campaign.
  He's really going to try to do it.
  Do it again.
  I mean, he won't even be able to talk by then.
  But hey, you see the Fetterman example?
  He can't talk.
  That's what they want, total puppets.
  We have more universities protesting, saying they don't want armed police on campus.
  Total idiots.
  That turns the campus, obviously, into a giant shooting gallery where these mass killers will go.
  But that just shows the abject murder of logic, common sense by the left.
  Also, House Republicans passed a bill to ban transgender athletes in women and girls sports.
  We'll be getting more to that in a moment.
  And House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries says men and women's sports is an issue that doesn't exist.
  And he goes on to say it doesn't exist because there are no men in women's sports.
  Because when you identify as a woman, you are a woman, and now the University of Texas, of all places, two days ago announced, that, along with a lot of other universities, that they're teaching in the biology classes, you're paying for this, a degree, that gender has nothing to do with chromosomes, and it's not biological.
  That's like saying electricity is not electricity, or sunlight is not sunlight, or the color black is not black, or white is not white.
  I guess you could technically say black is not a color.
  It is the absorption of all color.
  White is a reflection of it.
  But it's like saying this green pen in my hand is not a green pen.
  Well, anybody can look at that and see that's a green pen.
  University of Texas says that is not a green pen, ladies and gentlemen.
  It's just mind-blowing.
  Also, massive 12 million gold haul.
  Stolen in audacious Ocean's 11 style heist.
  Officials in Tennessee said release of trans shooters manifestos being stolen by the FBI.
  They say they've seen it and the individual was anti-gun.
  Anti-gun, ladies and gentlemen, wanted to make people pay for the Second Amendment and was mad about persecution that's made up of the trans cult.
  So we'll continue with all of that news here today.
   But before I get back into the transcult and the bombshells we covered last hour, I want to give the toll-free number out specifically On a wide range of topics, but I would ask that you at least chime in on those topics, and then you can bring up whatever you'd like, and that you'd be a first-time caller.
  And the three people that were on hold and went to break yesterday, if you're there, we're going to call you back, and you'll be at the front of the line.
  I've been endeavoring to get to as many calls as possible and to cover as many news items as possible, because I tend to get stuck on one or two items sometimes for a whole hour.
  But normally, those are big topics that tie into everything else at the same time.
  I would like to discuss the UN officially saying, in a policy report written by 60 judges around the world, they're going to legalize pedophilia and say that it is consensual for children to have sex with adults and use drugs.
  Talk about dehumanization, talk about death.
   We're also going to be drilling back into House passes trans-athlete ban just today.
  But since I played one of these clips yesterday, let's play the clip we played yesterday.
  And then, let's play some of the new clips of different, quote, trans-internet personalities, whose M.O.
  is violence and calling for violence.
  And you've seen how they behave at pro-life events and other things, attacking people.
   Calling for violence if anybody doesn't let them in the bathroom or quote if we try to protect our kids So let's let's let's play yesterday's clips and the new clips back-to-back If you back a wild animal into a corner, they're gonna become a dangerous animal So if you want to die on that hill of yours of righteousness and moral majority, then you go right ahead.
  I dare you to try and stop me from going into a women's bathroom.
  It will be the last mistake you ever make.
  I dare you to try and stop a transgender woman in my presence from using the bathroom.
  It will be the last mistake you ever make.
  This is a call to action and a call to arms to everybody within the United States that are scared, worried, have children that are transgender, lesbian, bi, or gay.
  This is a call to action.
  You need to arm up.
  Plain and simple.
  Go out, buy a gun.
  Learn how to use it.
  Efficiently.
  Through and through.
  Because the time to act is now.
  You need to protect yourself and you need to protect your fellow transgender brothers and sisters and they's and them's.
  You need to protect the rest of us in the LGB community.
  As I'm going to do myself.
  Because there are lots of people like me who are not afraid to die.
  I love my girlfriends to death, but I would rather die for them to secure their safety, freedom, and future than to live and not have anything done.
  So you go ahead.
  You protect your kids.
  Bye.
  And I'm one of them.
  I've already worked enough in this lifetime.
  You see, I'm a homemaker.
  I got nothing but time and opportunity.
  I don't fear pain, I don't fear death, I don't fear jail, and I sure as shit don't fear prison.
  So let's make this happen, Chad.
  Come out of hiding.
  Show us who you really are.
  Because I can guarantee you, you'll only get one chance.
  Better make it count.
  Have the day you deserve, coward.
  Oh, I forgot to say, TikTok, do your thing.
  Let's find out who this little coward is, this little clown shoe.
  Let's find out who they are.
  Go ahead, buckaroo, because they won't do a damn thing.
  When I tell them I'm a trans woman, they'll say okay and they'll leave me alone.
  You wanna know why?
  Because it's legal in my state as a trans woman to use the bathroom I identify with.
  Now come at me with another comment, honeybunches of oats.
  I have a dilemma.
  As a trans woman, which bathroom do I use?
  I don't want to make anybody mad!
  Especially the haters!
  Do I use the men's restroom or the women's?
  The men's or the women's?
  Oh no!
  Not!
  I'm a trans woman and I will use the women's restroom.
  And honestly, there's nothing any of y'all can do.
  And those that like to comment, oh I'm gonna call the authorities.
  Go ahead, it's legal in my state.
  There's nothing you can do!
  So, they're the front lines of the cult.
  Brainwashed, crazy, obsessed with bathrooms, obsessed with children.
  And now in both Tennessee and in Kentucky, it's coming out that they're suppressing the manifestos.
  But reportedly, in both cases, they were leftists who were anti-gun.
  And in the case of the Tennessee shooter, the woman, who thought she was a man, was mad about trans issues.
  You saw the media say, well, you know, these are Christians and you better be nice to trans people or they'll kill you.
  You saw all these different Democrats come out and agree with that, including the spokesperson for the governor of Arizona.
  Officials in Tennessee say release of trans national shooters manifesto is being stalled by the FBI, but that they have talked to those that have seen it and it's because they were leftist.
  That's the same thing.
  Medicated Louisville bank shooters manifesto reveals anti-gun motivation.
  It just goes on and on and on and now the U.N.
  says they're legalizing pedophilia and Washington State says they, well they passed a law to take your child, not tell you where they went, and sterilize them in facilities, in cults, with a bunch of other captured kids.
  877-789-2539.
  We're taking your calls for first-time callers.
  877-789-2539.
  You can talk about whatever issue you want, but I'd also like to talk about some of the issues I'm raising.
  877-789-Alex.
  We'll be right back.
  Stay with us.
   want but I'd also like to talk about some of the issues I'm raising 877-789-Alex.
  We'll be right back, stay with us.
  Ooh, the last turbo force.
  These guys don't even know you can get the canister now.
   *sigh* 
  Get the all-new Turbo Force Plus at InfowarsStore.com.
  Now it's shareable.
  
   Hydrofluorosilicic acid is the third most deadly acid on earth.
  And they've got our children drinking that.
  This is a psychotic death cult.
  Period.
  Case closed.
  Out to get you and your family.
  We sell the Alexa Pure Breeze, made by the My Patriot Supply Ready Hour Group.
  It's been around about 15 years.
  Became the biggest company in the last six.
  They went out, hired engineers, reverse engineered the fancy best water filter system out there that sells for twice the price.
  And they made it as good in all the studies.
  It reduces things to non-detectable levels, thousands of chemicals.
  But you can go paint two or three times.
  There's four or five other filters out there that are just as good.
  We sell the very best, highest-grade water filtration system for half the price of the leading competitor.
  And the media says we're bad and a cult.
  We're telling you, you should filter your water.
  You should also filter your shower water.
  That's another way you absorb this crap.
  But I'm done talking about that.
  The point is, you get the filters at InfoWarsTore.com.
  They're discounted right now.
  Finally back in stock.
  We brought in a non-globalist paid actor and did a blind taste test between the mac and cheese from Storable Foods at InfoWarsTore.com and one of America's leading brands.
  These are the results.
  Now go ahead and try the first macaroni and cheese to your right.
  It literally smells like nothing.
  Mmm.
  What were your first thoughts?
  Typical.
  Takes me back to when the babysitter doesn't quite know how to make it like your mom makes it, so it's just not... Let's move on to the one on your left.
  See, this one actually smells like cheese.
  Alright, do I have any on my fork here?
   Go buy your storable food at InfoWarsStore.com Everybody that's watching this needs to support Alex Jones.
  Needs to support InfoWars and Band.Video.
  You know, the Bible says, let another mouth praise you.
  I'm gonna do that right now.
  Alex Jones has helped so many people in this industry.
  You guys have no idea how many people have got their first start like Savannah Hernandez.
  How many people have just been put on a launch pad to outer space because of Alex Jones, including myself?
  I've been given so many opportunities because of this man and because of this platform, and I would probably not even be half of where I am right now if it weren't for Alex Jones.
  I mean, I've been able to be on podcasts with Alex and Joe Rogan and TimCast, the super TimCast IRL.
  Listen, what I'm saying is, do not take Alex Jones and Bandot video for granted.
  Because you don't know what you have until it's gone.
  We need to support free speech systems right now.
  So go check out the store.
  Go support their store.
  Go support InfoWars.
  Leave a donation right now.
  Don't wait until they're gone!
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones.
  And we are back.
   We're going to be going to your phone calls here in just a few minutes, but I wanted to finish up with a whole
   Transgender news, hit some other news, then go to your calls.
  Peace.
  Illegal aliens who are LGBTQ may not be detained under Democrats' new law.
  That is April 21st, Article Fox News.
   When you actually read the law, the bill, goes further, hasn't passed yet, by seeking to exempt several groups of illegal aliens from any detention at all.
  It creates a special rule for vulnerable persons and primary caregivers, says these aliens may not be detained unless DHS can determine that it is unreasonable or not practical to place the alien in the community-based supervision program.
  It goes on to say if they're LGBTQ, whatever, that's the case.
  And critics that looked at the bill say this will allow human smuggling, because they'll just say, oh, we can't let this 10-year-old, you know, be detained, even though we know who they are.
  Wink, wink, you identify as LGBTQ.
  And then you're just released off into the hinterworld.
  This is so incredibly dangerous.
  But the system knows exactly what they're doing.
   I'm not going to air the whole hour and a half Report.
  It's on Band.Video.
  Rob Dood put it together.
  It is horror stories.
  Trans kids at highest risk of suicide and regret from body mutilation.
  And Democrats are trying to pass laws saying it's hate speech if they talk about it or if they try to transition back.
  Which you can't do from a lot of the chemicals or surgery, obviously.
  But just think about that.
  They want the victim silenced.
  They don't want you to know they're targeting children.
  They keep it secret.
  I mean, this is what predators do.
  So let's go ahead and play the intro.
   of this report. First few minutes is a powerful boil down, but if you want to see the whole thing,
   it's on BandaiVideo and Infowars.com. If you want to share it, you can't really share those URLs on
   most platforms easily. You can simply find the link and share it from the link that's generated
  from MadMaxWorld.tv.
  But it's an hour and 37 minutes long.
  I'll only play a few minutes of it.
  Horror stories.
  Trans kids at highest risk of suicide and regret from body mutilation.
  And they use the statistics of them having the highest levels of suicide, murder, you name it, mental illness, and say, oh, it's your fault for not embracing it as if you did this to them.
  Here's part of that report.
  It is the latest fight over transgender rights.
  Two rallies, two opposing messages in downtown Nashville tonight.
  I will do everything that I can do at the federal level to make certain that we protect our children.
  By the way, hit pause.
  Hit pause and back it up 15 seconds.
  Make it a crime to not affirm.
  So they convince your 7-year-old at the public school or private school or wherever, or TV does, that they're another sex.
  By the way, hit pause. Hit pause and back it up 15 seconds.
   Make it a crime to not affirm. So they convince your 7 year old at the public school or private
  school or wherever, or TV does, that they're another sex.
   You say no, you're a boy, you're a girl, and oh my god, that's a crime, a thought crime, and
  you lose your child.
  What did they just do in Washington State?
  And now that's another state.
  I mean, are you getting the picture here?
  They're coming for our children.
  They're already here.
  Continue.
  State Representative Elizabeth Guzman's proposal would make it a crime for parents who do not affirm their children's gender identity.
  Protesters in Texas rallying against alleged child abuse.
  Pause again.
  Just let that sink in.
  I've seen that bill too.
  These bills are passing.
  A crime if you don't agree.
  Where's your free speech?
  See?
  Oh, it was just ban the n-word at first.
   Now, oh, you can't say You don't want your child sterilized.
  You can't just not agree.
  You must affirm.
  What a cult!
  What a group of authoritarians!
  They mean business!
  Oh, and then states that investigate parents that are trying to get their kids sterilized at age 6 or 7, which you should be investigating those people.
  Oh, that's bad.
  That's abusive.
  Continue.
  ...of transgender youth.
  Radical gender theory has progressed rapidly from the assertion that sex and gender are two different things, one biological and one socialized, to some asserting that biological sex is either not real or on a spectrum.
  We introduced some people who are called detransitioners.
  These are people who are choosing to reverse the process.
  Hormones do have implications.
   They have long-term effects and they have And of course, surgery has lifelong effects.
  They're not reversible.
  Medical experts, including the American Academy of Pediatrics, say gender-affirming care is safe and best practice for transgender patients.
  And these same groups told us it's safe for pregnant women to take vaccines and experimental shots, even though until five years ago they would all tell you, don't do it, it's deadly, it's dangerous.
  They're lying, they're bought off, and it's a wall of fraud from the top selling this death.
  Continue.
  Not to encourage children to change their names and pronouns.
  To everyone celebrating Transgender Day of Visibility, I want you to know that your president sees you.
  And it's okay to ask questions about something that's very new and involves children.
  The answer can't always be that anyone from a marginalized community is automatically right.
  Trump card, mic drop, end of discussion.
  Because we're literally experimenting on children.
   So the puzzle is why out of nowhere in the last decade have we seen a sudden and sharp spike of
   teenage girls who have no childhood history of gender dysphoria suddenly deciding they're trans,
  often with their girlfriends?
  
   All right and again this is a documentary that Rob Duded makes.
  He posted it to Man Up Video.
  He did another boil down.
  I was confusing that with this one, but this is powerful.
  You should share the film.
  Send it to everyone you know that has children, everyone that's thinking about having children, everyone that doesn't have children.
  It's all our jobs to work together to protect ourselves from this cult, and we will.
  But this is their main battle plan.
  I'm on record.
  20 years ago, St.
  Louis was coming.
  Dr. Michael Kaufman, God rest his amazing soul, who's in endgame.
  We did endgame 1.5.
  Where he's laying out all these government documents from the 1960s in the UK and the US with this plan.
  And this is how they bring down society.
  We're gonna go to break in a few minutes, come back and take a ton of your calls interspersed with other news, but let me just show you this.
  This is using curriculum all over the United States.
  This particular curriculum was out of, what, Oregon.
  Got another one being used here in Florida, and you've got to go read what they do for the children.
  This is done in the middle school, middle school Flash 2 edition.
  Identity terms, and they just say, what are you?
  Female, queer, cisgender, gay, transgender, trans, gender, you don't learn reading, writing, or arithmetic, you learn this, gender fluid, bisexual, straight, male, lesbian.
  And then it goes into here talking about, do you like boys?
  If you feel attracted, meaning friendly towards them, means you want to have sex with them.
  And again, I'm attracted to a glass of Jack Daniels, doesn't mean I want to have sex with it.
  And I'm attracted to hang out with my buddies and play pool, doesn't mean I'm going to have sex with them.
  Again, they confuse them.
  Can you change your...
  For almost a year now, it's been so long, I thought it was years.
  trying to get them to change it.
  You gotta go read this developing pride scenario.
  I mean, this is just chilling.
  It's all up on Infowars.com.
  But I'm gonna stop there.
  We got a lot of other news to hit in your phone calls.
  And come back and go to your calls straight away.
  And then there's gonna be so much more today.
   For almost a year now, it's been so long, I thought it was years.
   I was told, no, it's actually been about nine months since TurboForce has been in stock at Infowarsstore.com.
  But ladies and gentlemen, we're going to do this together.
  Because I know there's a lot of people out there that love Turbo Force just like I do.
  I'm shamelessly addicted to caffeine.
  I'm not gonna lie.
  About 500 milligrams a day.
  I've just accepted this in my 30s.
  That's how it's going to go.
  So there it is.
  So, TurboForce is my go-to.
  I don't like the toxic energy drinks.
  I don't like the processed sugar.
  I don't like the high fructose corn syrup.
  I don't like the acidic taste.
  I don't like any of it.
   But man oh man, that caffeine, that energy, It's really necessary at times, isn't it?
  So we just found a solution.
  Turbo Force Plus, your same favorite ingredients, your same favorite flavor, but now it's in the canister.
  No longer in the packets, now in the canister.
  So a better bang for your buck and more control over how much you want to put into your drink mix.
  Some people like a lot of caffeine.
  Some people might say, hey, that's too much for me.
  I only want to do a half scoop.
   Now, I did take the plastic covering off of this, but this is brand new.
  If you have ordered Turbo Force Plus from Infowarsstore.com, it should be arriving at your house very soon.
  But I wanted to do this all together on the air.
   I wanted to do this As an InfoWars family on the air, I know that you out there and my crew, we all love TurboForce.
  We've been Jones-ing, you might say, for TurboForce.
  So this is brand new, folks.
  Brand new packet.
  I did take the plastic wrap off the front just to save time.
  I'm not bluffing.
  I'm going in, folks.
  I'm going in for the first time here to the new TurboForce.
  You can already smell that flavor.
  Lofting into the air.
  So here it is.
  It's been too long.
  I've even been waiting today for this moment.
  It's been too long.
  I'll do one scoop.
  We'll do one scoop here.
  And we'll stir that around there.
  So there it is.
  This is my first time.
  We had a couple leftover packets that we were clinging on to.
  Here we go.
  The moment of truth has arrived.
  The brand new Turbo Force Plus from InfoWarsStore.com.
  And you can get it at InfoWarsStore.com.
  25% off the re-introductory rate.
  Probably about maybe 14 ounces of water here.
  There's the flavor!
  Hard to put that down, but I'm going to have to cover some other news.
  Turbo Force Plus, in stock, InfoWarsStore.com.
  Ten hours, clean energy.
  Trust me, from a guy that has fully embraced the caffeine addiction, let's say.
  I shouldn't call it that.
  But, no, I embrace caffeine fully nowadays.
   And I'm telling you, folks, if you're somebody that likes to get caffeine to help you get through the day, whether you work long hours or you just like the energy boost, whatever it is, Give Turbo Force Plus a try.
  Trust me.
  Put the energy drinks down.
  Don't even go back to them.
  Don't even go back to the energy drinks.
  It's back, baby.
  The wait is finally over.
  Find out what it's all about.
  Bragg's idiotic, small-minded prosecution.
  This will likely all backfire.
  In fact, it already is backfiring.
  Americans are very smart people, and they see what's going on.
  This is a persecution disguised as a prosecution.
  I would dismiss it on its face because it fails to state a crime.
  The only crime that I have committed is to fearlessly defend our nation from those who seek to destroy it.
  And now these radical left lunatics want to interfere with our elections by using law enforcement.
  We can't let that happen.
   With all of this being said, and with a very dark cloud Over our beloved country.
  I have no doubt, nevertheless, that we will make America great again.
   Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order, it's Alex Jones.
  Live from the InfoWars.com studios, it's Alex Jones.
  
  You keep saying you've got something for me.
  Something you call love.
  But confess.
  You've been a-messin'.
  Well, you shouldn't have been a-messin'.
  And now someone else is getting all your best.
  These boots are made for walking.
  And that's just what they'll do.
  One of these days these boots are gonna walk all over you.
   Now we've got on screen, if you're a TV viewer you can see it, lawmakers Wearing pink high heels in Canada to raise awareness for violence against women.
  Just like they have the military, the U.S.
  Army, wear red high heels now.
  All acts of humiliation, all acts of driving down masculinity and selling this whole operation.
  All of it is a giant exercise in mind control.
  We have to reject it like we reject the metaverse and all these other systems they're pushing.
  All right, I'm going to go to your phone calls, and then after we intersperse some calls, I'm going to get to this other news.
  Fauci's been caught lying to Congress, and so has the Secretary of State Lincoln.
  Fauci lied and told Congress.
  I am not involved in censoring the Internet or Twitter.
  Turns out he was running the censorship over Twitter.
  The documents have come out.
  Same thing with Blinken.
  Nothing to do with the fake dossiers.
  Nothing to do with suppressing the laptop.
  That's all come out.
  I mean, everything they say is a lie.
  We've got the legislation introduced for Internet ID that will then control the censorship and the central bank digital currencies, a bunch of election news, and so much more here today.
  So let's start going to your calls.
  First up, ladies and gentlemen, in taking your calls, the order they've been received.
  Let's go to Justin in Massachusetts.
  You're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Hi.
  I'm going to run through a couple of things real quick.
  And if you have any questions, you can reply.
  First of all, Trump is absolutely a traitor to humanity.
   Anybody that has even a 50 IQ level has recognized that he is still pushing the death needles and we know that these things are killing people, causing immune problems, and now it has also been shown that they are causing people's faces to begin to glow orange under UV light.
  So if you have taken the shot or been exposed or had sexual intercourse or been around people that have... I've seen those reports and I meant to get to that.
  Yeah, it's literally creating a prion matrix in the body.
  This is just, this is so devastating.
  Yeah.
  So, um, this is, uh, all of this transgender nonsense and all that stuff.
  It's horrible, it is blatantly in the face of the teachings of God and the Bible, but really it's kind of to distract us from the fact that they are attempting to mutate humans into something else, and they can't hide it anymore.
  Some people have begun to display ultraviolet, sort of a bluish light on their hands in some cases, and this is real, unfortunately.
  And don't forget the magnets.
  The magnets, right after you get the shot, 100% are sticking to people.
  That's real.
  Well, I have not personally seen that.
  I have absolutely no question that's true.
  I've seen videos of it.
  I've not seen it personally.
  I have seen the face glow.
  I have seen it in many people, in fact.
  It starts around the base of the nose, and then gradually spreads to the cheeks, up through the bridge of the nose, into the forehead, and then the chin.
  And then over a period of time, the hands will begin to form purple splotches that are all visible under UV light, and apparently it doesn't look like there's really anything can be done about it as of right now.
  Alright, I appreciate your call.
  We'll have to look into that.
  I have seen some of that.
  Ladies and gentlemen, it makes your body permanently create the HIV spike protein.
  Now that sounds totally insane to say that on air.
  It's a fact.
  That one act alone is Twilight Zone level.
  And there's just Twilight Zone, Hyper Twilight Zone, Hyper Twilight Zone.
  But I don't think that the trans thing is a distraction.
  It is one of their main pushes to sexualize and ruin our children.
   But I agree, compared to the Okay.
  Let's go ahead and talk to Darryl in Georgia.
  them now and they're not making a mandatory lease here.
   They made a major run at us and look they wouldn't have done all this
   poisoning if they weren't planning something bigger in the future that'll make us
   forget about that. You kill a story with a story and they're telling you their new
   disease is about to be released. They love to brag. Thank you for the call.
   Okay let's go ahead and talk to Darrell in Georgia. Go ahead. Thank you Alex for
  taking my call.
  Okay, so I wanted to speak about all this... Okay, humanity's under attack and we're just going to have to... Does the cat got your tongue, brother?
  It's okay.
  You mean put it on hold?
  Put you on hold.
  Put you on hold and I'll come back to you, okay?
  It's okay.
  We understand that.
  Jerry in Pennsylvania.
  You're on the air.
  We'll go back to Darrell in a minute.
  Go ahead, Jerry.
  Hey Alex, Jerry here.
  Thank you for calling me back.
  I'm a holdover for yesterday, so when you say that at the end of the show, you truly mean it.
  I appreciate that.
  I've been listening to you for 15 years, approximately.
  Glenn Beck, he kind of chased me over to you.
  He started calling you crazy back then, and I thought, who the heck is this guy?
   Started listening to you, hung on for A month.
  Then I got hooked.
  And then I stopped listening to Glenn Beck totally.
  And I've been listening to you and following you.
  I would just say something before you make your points.
  I'd rather have somebody better than Alex Jones out there that breaks through and defeats the New World Order and I'll retire right now and go to our family ranch and raise cattle and raise pine trees and Christmas trees.
  That's what we do.
  And raise beehives and produce honey.
  I'm a farmer.
  I'm a rancher.
  I don't want to be doing this, but I have to.
  So I'm not in competition with Glenn Beck.
   I just wish he wouldn't have been so traitorous and a liar When everything he says today, I was saying 15 years ago when he was attacking me.
  I'm glad he's on board now, so I forgive him.
  But you just move on from Glenn Beck.
  And I like there's people out there that are, I don't want to say slicker, but a better presenter overall.
  People like Tucker Carlson.
  So I am very pleased.
   And I don't want to say I've reached Retirement yet, but we are now starting to get in the position of my mission of becoming redundant, obsolete, because everybody knows the truth.
  Because you're not listening to Alex Jones.
  You're discovering what I've already seen, seeing it for yourself.
  It's like the glasses and they live.
  The glasses just let you see the real reality.
  So I don't, once people have the glasses, my job's done.
  29 years has been a long time.
  I'm happy to keep doing it.
  I'll probably be here another five.
  I mean, I'll never give up.
  But the point is, I'd rather just win.
  But go ahead and make your point and I'll shut up.
  Well, I don't want to burst your bubble that there's nobody better than you.
  So you can't retire on us.
  Well, currently that's the truth.
  But really where I've become successful is I'm so well known, I get to talk to all the big guys, hang out with them, and influence them.
  So some of my best work is on the telephone with Joe Rogan, Tucker Carlson, and a lot of other people, leaders.
  You are the king.
  Well, don't say that too much, because that's why they're trying to kill me.
  But, look, the point is, is that you understand, though, that I need to become obsolete or they're going to kill me.
  Because I'm not looking to die.
  So, so, enough about me.
  But I appreciate you.
  What's on your mind, brother?
  You know, I typed, if you want to, I'll do a little infomercial for you.
  Otherwise, I'll get right to my question.
  No, no, do the infomercial.
  I'll hold you over there.
  You can make your political point.
  Go ahead.
  You know, I've been using all your products for years, and after listening the past couple weeks with all this transgender nonsense and everything going so bad in the world, I was looking in my cabinet yesterday when I was in on hold because I had the day off.
  You need to start pushing the Happys again.
   But I have Nitric Boost, I have your Nitric Oxide, your Real Red Pill Plus, Super Male Vitality, Winter Sun, you name it, I have it.
  And I just got the new Turbo Force Plus, and I've been mixing it with the Vitamin Mineral Fusion, which the taste is absolutely phenomenal together.
  So it's a winner for sure.
  And it does work.
  Well, Jerry, I appreciate your comments.
  So you really like the products?
  Absolutely.
   And most importantly, You know, when you called out to the audience when you were having financial difficulties, I just called in.
  I'd give $500, $700.
  You're the reason we're here.
  Without you, we'd be shut down.
  Stanley, we'll come right back to you.
  TurboForce is back, sold out for eight months, and it's TurboForce Plus.
  We made it even stronger.
  The strongest long-term energy you're gonna find anywhere.
  TurboForce is back in stock at InfowarsStore.com or 888-253-3139.
  It's not just wide-spectrum natural herbs that time-release over 10 hours.
  Should be called 10-hour energy.
  It has a bunch of vitamins and minerals and a bunch of other key things and amino acids that turbocharge everything and are good for your heart, your brain, your liver, you name it.
  It is the super fuel.
  RainForce Plus is great.
  RainForce Ultra is great.
  They're two different nootropics.
  They go good with this.
  But this is the King Kong.
  This is The Boss.
  TurboForce.
  Back in stock.
  Discounted.
  Infowarsstore.com.
  More power.
  More strength.
  More energy.
  And raise your hand if you know what Event 201 was.
  Okay, for those of you who don't know, Event 201 was a pandemic simulation.
  A coronavirus pandemic simulation in New York City.
  Hosted by Bill Gates and Avril Haines, the former deputy director of the CIA who did all of the Guantanamo Bay cover-up.
  She is like the cover-up queen.
  They were working on ways to use the coronavirus pandemic as a pretense for clamping down totalitarian controls globally.
   George Gao And Avril Haines from the CIA are talking, they have a soliloquy about how do we clamp down and stop people from saying this came from a lab leak.
  And they say, well, we got to get the social media companies to censor them and de-platform them and all this.
  You can go on YouTube and watch this tonight.
  It's called Event 201, and this is the fourth section of it.
  But then I started doing a deep dive when I was writing the book, and I found out that was not a one-off.
  And I describe in that book, I found about 20 of these.
  ...that they had been doing since 2001.
  And they're all scripted by the CIA.
  And all of them include top-level officials like James Woolsey, the Deputy Director of the CIA, Taro Tull.
  All of them have senior CIA officials.
  Many of them have famous people who've kind of given the imprimatur of legitimacy to what they're doing.
  Like Madeleine Albright or Tom Daschle or, you know, Bill Gates and a lot of them.
  And Gro Bruntland from the, you know, from the WHO.
  They end up drilling, each one of them is drilling the imposition of totalitarian controls.
  They're, collectively they have names like Dark Winter and Crimson Contagion and all these weird names, but collectively they're called Operation Lockstep.
  This is a new normal.
  
  Biological attack is imminent! Imminent!
  Imminent!
  It's going to happen.
  It's not a question of will it happen, but when it happens.
  A bioweapon release could be the thing they'd release to bring in a world government to counter a global problem, and the UN has said that a global pandemic is the only thing that may save their world government.
  This is a biological warfare agent that had leaked out of the Wuhan laboratory.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order.
  It's Alex Jones.
  I am a shotgun rider.
  
  I am a shotgun rider for the San Jacinto Line.
  The desert is my brother, my skin is cracked and dry.
  I was riding on a folk coach, and everything was fine, till we took a shorter road to save some time.
  Bandits only fired once.
  Bandits only fired once, they shot me in the chest.
  They may have wounded me.
  They may have wounded me, but they'll never get the best of better men.
  I'll ride again.
  Always stay on the horse.
  Don't give up.
  We're gonna win.
  Get behind me safe.
  I am a river gambler.
  I make a living dealing cards.
  My clothes are smooth and honest.
  My heart is cold and hard.
  I was shuffling horses, dealt the boys on a boat for New Orleans.
  I was the greatest shark they'd ever seen.
  The line in the sand, folks, is the children.
  You let them come after our children?
  You don't fight them?
  Everything you got?
  God is gonna cut you off for eternity.
  You will burn.
  Absence from God is a hell unspeakable.
  Alright, let's go back to your phone call.
  I'm going to hurry through them now.
  What was your point, Jerry, that you wanted to get to?
  Thanks for the plugs and things, but what were the points you wanted to make about RLK Jr.?
  You know, I watched his entire speech the other day and, you know, I listened, giving him a chance, thinking he was just going to be another Democrat.
  But I got to be honest, I'm a two-time Trumper and I'm not a Trumper at all anymore.
  You know, he's still pushing the shots.
  I agree with Justin, you're one of your last callers.
  You know, Joe Biggs, he's still in jail.
  He left you standing high and dry at the Capitol.
  He hasn't come out.
  I mean, if people don't see that he's part of the problem, they're crazy.
  But after listening to Bobby Kennedy Jr., and I was a Democrat up until I was 22, and I'm 58, I've switched, but I actually thought to myself after watching that speech, everything he said was fantastic.
   If he's the real deal, I mean, I think we've got to give him a look.
  Yesterday when I was on hold, you mentioned you were going to do a Saturday show on him.
  Better yet, you should invite him on.
  He'd come on.
  Well, no, no.
  Here's the deal.
   I've talked to Kennedy's people, and they say, we're talking 20 years ago, 10 years ago, they go, Mr. Kennedy respects you, thinks you're doing great work, but obviously you are so toxic with some people that It would hurt some of his long-term plans.
  He's been planning to run for president forever.
  He's been building his network.
  I think he's a good man overall.
  I agree with all his policies.
  But I know he's a real... I mean, you can feel it, discernment, see it.
  America first.
  He gets it.
  And I think he should get the nomination from the Democrats.
  And then it could be Trump versus him, or however that's going to go down.
  But I don't think Kennedy should come on, because with his constituents, that would probably hurt him and might lose it.
  But yes, Kennedy is a listener.
  I'll leave it at that.
  We have the same publisher of his books, of my book, and I'm not going to try to get Kennedy in trouble with this, and of course he can deny it if he wants, that's fine, but Kennedy's definitely awake and knows what's going on and has been listening to the show for a very long time.
   I mean, my gosh, I've been at the forefront of the JFK assassination and Robert F. Kennedy assassination information Okay, you got it.
   course covered it forever. Well he knows better than anybody what really happened.
   So that'll kind of wake you up when the government kills your dad and your uncle.
   So I really appreciate your call. All right, Darryl was kind of surprised I
   went to him so quick. I get that sometimes you forget your thoughts. So we
   gave Darryl a few minutes to relax and get back in focus and again it's time
   away from that kitty cat. So Darryl you're on the air from Georgia. Go ahead
   brother. Okay you got it. Boy I was nervous. Yeah I just I can see all the
  signs we're going through.
  Humanity is just going through the meat grinder.
  If you can see what's happening, there's no doubt that evil is trying to take over every country in this world.
  Lost elections, Brazil, Peru, America, it doesn't matter.
   I do not believe that Trump, if he does get the nomination, I do not believe that he will
  succeed.
  They will steal it from him again.
  They've done it.
   They've already taken two other elections, and it's so evident, and we know it.
   There are signs everywhere, and we have to look at the signs.
   And I really wanted to call in yesterday and talk about the universal basic income, because
  I believe that is the mark of the beast system.
   And what's going to lead up to that is probably going to be a major war or another purposely
  pandemic.
   And if we see those signs, then we'll know that it's coming, and we just have to keep
  preparing.
  And I could remember...
  Uh...
  Talking to my family about in World War Two, they gave people war rations and so when we see the pandemic rations coming in the future through the big banks.
  It's going to happen.
  You're going to see it doesn't matter if you're American or a legal person.
  The Democrats are going to steal election.
   They're going to give whomever Well, that's right.
  They're putting a permanent dictatorship in, but we're getting a lot of state laws passed to block them.
  There was just a big victory yesterday that's in the news today in Cochise County, the second most populous county in Arizona, under state law like it is the rest of the country.
  Local elections are run by the locals and there's a problem.
   The State Board of Elections, which the lady that stole the election used to to run can then come and investigate it or oversee it, then
   the legislature can get involved as well as the final check and balance.
   She's trying to go through all the counties and say she runs them now with her people
  and the judge said no.
  So I hear what you're saying, I appreciate your call.
  I'm going to go to Jen in Washington.
  Let's talk about the state bill in Washington to take children away from their parents and sterilize them and not tell the parents where they are, not even tell them that they grabbed them.
  I mean, just unpacking that is almost impossible.
  I read the bill.
   It sounds like You're in the twilight zone on acid.
  I mean, this is just so overt.
  On a scale of 1 to 10, it's a 12.
  I mean, it's just ridiculous.
  But this is even more ridiculous, the gaslighting of one of the biggest bald-faced liars I've ever seen.
  And that says a lot for Congress.
  House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries says men and women's sports is an issue that doesn't exist because there are not men and women's sports because those men are women.
  I mean, this is just, it's just, it's incredible.
  In the majority of states now, many of the top sports, track, swimming, wrestling, all of it is dominated by men.
  I mean, the UFC, biological men get up and break women's jaws.
   It's just as delusional as saying a heavyweight fighter Let's say George Foreman at his peak could say he was a featherweight because he identified as weighing 140 pounds.
  He weighs like 270 pounds of pure muscle.
  He's like, well, no, I identify as a featherweight and gets there and kills some dude.
  I mean, it's just ridiculous.
  No matter how tough Floyd Waymether is, he gets in the ring with Mike Tyson in his prime.
  Mike Tyson's gonna kill him!
  Well, it's even more ridiculous to stick these men in the ring with women!
  Frickin' ridiculous, man!
  It's disgusting, and it's mind control!
  And all these cowards go along with it, but even Bill Maher's coming out against the left, so you people are psychotics, man.
  Yeah, look at these videos.
  Like, one of the top rugby players in the world is a man against women.
  He weighs, like, 300 pounds, runs these women over.
  You got these giant men beating... I mean, it's just... it's disgusting!
  Jen in Washington, your take on the bill that's passed to take children away from their parents secretly and put them in camps.
  Go ahead.
  Hi Alex, I'm a first-time crawler and I just wanted to say that my husband and I take the supplements and they're all absolutely amazing.
  Thank you for getting Turbo Force back in because that is a complete lifesaver.
   So anyways, on the other note, Um, Washington State is completely screwed.
   I've lived here my whole life, and my kids were in Catholic school their entire life, and I just recently pulled them out, homeschooled them last year, and put them in public school this year, because I live within the school district of Locking School, and I figured, what am I paying, you know, $15,000 a year for my kids to go to public school, and they're basically... Yeah, you're paying to have your child's innocence and mind destroyed.
  Yeah, and, you know, everything was good at the Catholic school for quite a while, and a new principal came in from Gonzaga Prep, and... Hold on, I don't want to cut you short.
  Hold for two more minutes.
  We're going to come right back to you, okay?
  Please, Jen?
  Yep, you got it.
  I noticed I went to you a little bit late, and I'm sorry.
  My mother is a Baptist but also said some family was Methodist so she would go to the first Methodist Austin that's been here since the city was built a hundred plus years ago.
  And overnight, they brought in preachers like 10 years ago that went from being classic liberals, anti-war, good people, to being like, we're transgender, your kids belong to us.
  She's taught Sunday school there how to stop doing it.
  But then she went around and checked all the other major Methodist churches the same year to the same thing.
  It's the same thing.
  They hit us all at once.
  They're taking everything over.
  They put their people in everywhere.
  Let's go ahead and talk to Brenda in Nevada.
  Brenda, thanks for calling.
  Hi, thanks for having me on.
  I appreciate it.
  First off, I wanted to plug your CBD Full Spectrum 1000mg, the tincture.
  I've been using it.
  I have a daughter with autism and I've been using it for her and it's really helped her with her focus, her sleeping.
  She's farther down the spectrum, so she has, you know, some different things that she struggles with, but it has really helped her.
   And I'm on my third Well, thank you.
  This is a highly rated private label of one of the highest qualities you can get at around half the price you would pay other places.
  It really is amazing.
  Whether it's the 25 milligram or the 10 milligram or the thousand milligram, they're all there at InfoWarsTore.com.
  People really need to get this CBD oil.
   What it does for your neurological systems, what the studies show with people with all sorts of problems, whether it be epilepsy or Or whether it be Parkinson's or whether it be autism, it just takes all those misfiring, overfiring storms in the brain and calms them down and just does incredible things.
  We don't promote stuff that doesn't work and there's a lot of great CBD out there.
  Again, it doesn't get you high.
  I remember when I first started promoting CBD like 15 years ago, I had family.
  I saw one of my free magazines in Austin that had a CBD ad in the back with a marijuana leaf on it, and they got very upset.
  He's now dead.
  He's one of my great-uncles.
  He goes, we don't promote marijuana in this family.
  And I said, listen, I've smoked pot sometimes, not often.
  I'm not going to be hypocrite about it.
  Yeah, I can make you lazy and dumb.
  This doesn't have any of the THC in it.
  It's all the good stuff.
  And I gave him some, and he thought it was amazing for his joint pain.
  So yes, everybody should get the CBD oil at infowarestore.com.
  If you get back, it's even a greater discount.
  And so you're really providing a huge service to my family.
  I just want you to know that.
  And I really appreciate you.
   you. If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance. Waging war on corruption.
  
  
  You think you private lives mean nothing, huh?
  There is no true escape.
  watching all the time.
  
   Alright, I cut the nice lady Jen off because we're going to break, but I want to make this point.
  And I know most of you already know this, but people that never really got this, I want you to understand the enemy tactic.
   When Dylan Mulvaney came out three weeks ago and endorsed Bud Light and Anheuser-Busch lost $6 million in two weeks and tons of innumerable money by upwards of half of their sales going down, They'll never recover.
  And you say, why would they do that?
  Well, you notice suddenly all these big cosmetic companies and just Nike and everybody just said, oh, we want to be part of that during the boycott.
  That's the globalists swarming you.
  So.
  My daughter was going to a preschool.
  That had a really good rating and was really great.
  And we're not Catholic, but it was it was a Catholic preschool.
  And she did great.
   It was already, this was a couple of years ago, it was already reading, doing stuff,
  they had really good academics.
   And all of a sudden, the next year we had to pull her out because it went from being
  completely good to communist like that.
  We're watching what's going on.
  Because they brought in new people.
  That was a year and a half ago.
  And it's been happening in waves, but it's everywhere.
  It's happening in Protestant churches, Catholic.
  It's happening in the colleges, the public schools.
  They're putting their people in that were already entrained at once, because they don't want it to happen here, here and there.
  Everybody leaves the school.
  They want to get it to where you can't go anywhere because they've gotten everywhere.
  And the globalists have unlimited money.
  So you were saying your child or children were in Catholic school, but now overnight.
  Finish up your story.
  Go ahead.
  Yeah, you're exactly right.
  The principal came in and everything just went completely sideways.
  I mean, liberal agenda curriculum all the way.
  I mean, my 7th grader was asked to write an essay on what he thought about abortion at a Catholic school.
  It just didn't make any sense to me.
  Well, the left has been training their academics and their ecclesiastical people to invade forever, but now they're making their move.
  Exactly.
  It's just like, can we have any of our own spaces?
  And their answer is no.
  We're going to capture your spaces by invading women's restrooms and locker rooms, by taking over your churches, taking over your schools.
  So what do you think the... I'm sorry, I'm ranting.
  What else happened?
  Well, you know, just the ADHD thing, too.
  I mean, they're constantly trying to force my son on meds.
  Not this year so far at the public school, but I mean, probably three times throughout the six years, seven years that we were at the Catholic school.
  You know, multiple teachers would, you know, try to get me to go to the doctor.
  Same thing happened to me.
  Same thing happened with my children.
  And that's what's crazy is the public school is better than the Catholic school overnight.
  Isn't that scary?
  And then the conservative Catholic schools are literally called the number one national security threat because they're the biggest private schools left.
  Think about that.
  Yeah.
  And the money that you pay is just astronomical amounts for just something that I'm getting for free over here in the public school district.
  And, you know, I didn't know that Common Core was created and funded by the gate.
  Absolutely.
  I had no idea.
  And when I learned that, I was just mind blown.
  I mean, it makes sense, right?
  It totally does.
  Because it's just complete BS.
   You know, but this whole, this new bill has just got It's completely sideways with where we're trying to go as parents.
  You can't take your child and hide them from you.
  And, you know, I just learned that Inslee is stockpiling abortion pills.
  Yes.
  Like, that is, you know, and then they're going to take your child if they find them.
  They're going to put them in a secret dorm with other whacked out kids.
  Think of the sexual abuse.
  I mean, just think of the staff.
  It's pedophile world.
  Oh, it is.
  It is.
  And, you know, the schools are already just... I mean, my kids will not... First off, they will not eat the school food.
  I do not trust it.
  They do not drink the water down there.
  And you're educating your children about what's going on.
  The key is warn your children ahead of time what's happening.
  God bless you, Jan.
  More calls straight ahead.
  They decided to not perp walking, not put him in handcuffs, not do a mug shot, because they knew that would help Trump.
  Didn't they know this would backfire?
  We were waiting for the mug shot.
  We learned today they wouldn't have it, so we've made our own.
  And it says political prisoner.
  With an image of President Trump.
  The shirt is being printed now in Texas.
  It'll be shipping out to you in one week.
  Political prisoner with Trump on the front there in a mug shot.
  Jail background.
  It's a fundraiser shirt.
  It says InfoWars.com on the back of the shirt.
  We also have Alex Jones for President.
  No, I'm not running for President.
  It's a really nice navy blue, high quality shirt.
  Red, white, and blue.
  Alex Jones for President.
  It's a fun conversational piece and a limited edition shirt.
  Great way to fund the operation.
   So get your Alan Sholes for President and Trump mugshot shirts at Infowarsstore.com
  or by calling toll free triple A 253-3139.
  
  You are listening to an Infowars.com Frontline Report.
  It's Alex Jones.
  You know, I mentioned this clip before I go to your calls.
  It's the Inner Hour 3, so let me go ahead and play it.
  The full clip's on Infowars.com.
  This is House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries.
  He says, men and women's sports is an issue that doesn't exist.
  And again, in the full clip he says, because these are women.
  It's like, oh no, these are women we're putting in prison that then get people pregnant.
  We played the quote trans activist earlier that says he's going to kill anybody that questions him in women's restrooms.
  You're not going to shoot anybody saying, oh, and please put me in prison.
  I love prison.
  I'm sure you love being in a women's prison.
  I mean, it's just, it's just, we're allowing the very most disturbed people funded by the establishment to run wild.
  And then we've got a house minority leader with crap like this.
  And extreme mega Republicans are trying to sensationalize an issue that doesn't really exist.
  In the way that they are falsely portraying.
  You know, loop that a couple times with B-roll that you showed last hour.
  Just, you know, a minute.
  We got hours of it.
  Of men in wrestling, men in boxing, men in MMA, men in swimming, men in track, men in basketball, men in rugby, men in football, going out and just running over women.
  And I know there's some tough women out there, but I played football.
  Okay, and I wasn't that good at football.
  I was just good enough for them to actually put me into the game, and I realized I actually hated being hurt, because there was no reason to get hurt.
  I didn't hate the people that were hurting me.
  Now, if I got in a fight, I didn't mind getting hurt, but I quit football when I was a sophomore, because I was just like, what's the point of having broken bones and, you know, all the rest of it?
  But let me tell you something.
  You could take a bunch of women and put them in football pads in front of me, five women, and I guarantee you I'd run over their ass all day long.
  But up against men, I was getting my ass ran over.
  Let me tell you, football's tough.
  Some running back comes running through there, and you're a linebacker, and they run their helmet straight into your chest, and you're on the ground and can't breathe for about a minute.
  That'll make you quit real quick.
  And let me tell you something.
  These women don't deserve this type of crap.
  So it's a joke, ladies and gentlemen.
  It's a joke.
  But you heard him.
  Play the clip again.
  It doesn't exist.
  And the extreme right Republicans are trying to sensationalize an issue that doesn't really exist.
  In the way that they are falsely portraying.
  And the extreme Magga Republicans are trying to sensationalize an issue that doesn't really exist.
   And the extreme Magga Republicans are trying to sensationalize an issue That doesn't really exist.
  Again, if you're a radio listener, you're like, that's kind of repetitive.
  Well, we're just rolling it with men dominating all the sports around the world in women's sports.
  And we just sit here and put up with this because it's the murder of logic.
  All right.
  Faz man in Hawaii.
  I'm jealous.
  What island are you on?
  How you doing Alex?
  I am on Oahu.
  All right, brother.
  What's on your mind?
  Uh, yeah, I want to talk about Michael Obama, uh, talking about all this transgender stuff.
  No, I believe, I believe Michelle Obama is a man.
  You know, we make jokes about it and stuff, but Joan Rivers said, look, look, I've seen Michelle Obama at the, at the 2004, uh, or 2008 Democrat National Convention, and Michelle Obama has the, has the shoulders of, of a linebacker.
  And if you look at early photos of him with Obama, it's a man.
  And absolutely.
  And then you learn in his own book, Dreams of My Father, he talks about how he was raised by a transgender woman in Indonesia.
  So yes, I think this is all.
  I believe that Big Mike is Big Mike.
  Go ahead, make your point.
  Well, I mean, all we have is the Joan Rivers video.
  I mean, can't we, like, just be more exposed?
  I mean, there's got to be more out there.
  Well, let me ask you a question.
  Let me make your point, because I'm going to interrupt you.
  I don't know what your point was, but have you seen them come out of Harvard or whatever school they put their daughters in?
  You know, the supposed daughters that look nothing like Obama or nothing like Big Mike that reportedly are adopted from another family.
  The point is, it's the Truman Show.
  Have you seen Michelle Obama?
  Guys, pull up Michelle Obama comes out of university in large penis and pants.
  I think that's what it is.
  And look, we all know what it looks like when somebody's not wearing underwear, okay?
   And Michelle Obama walks out, they get in the car, she comes downstairs, he comes downstairs, and it looks like a Giant rubber snake is in her pants.
  Okay?
  And you can see it bouncing up and down.
  You can see the testicles right through the pants, bouncing around bigger than Dallas, okay?
  And I haven't covered this in years.
  You just called in about it, so it'll take us time to find it.
  But guys, Michelle Obama, man.
  Here it is, here it is.
  Now slow this down and blow it up, okay?
  I mean, look at this.
   I mean, we're talking, everybody knows what a man looks like adjusting their junk, okay?
  That's a man adjusting it, and it's bouncing, man.
  It's bouncing.
  I mean, that is it right there.
  That didn't tape it back that day.
  That is a ding-dong.
  That is testicles.
  I mean, that is a fact.
  In fact, while he's talking, just keep looping that.
  Go ahead.
  Yeah, so why can't this be more exposed?
  I mean, I think he played college football, too.
  Oregon State and his brother, I guess, was a coach over there in basketball.
  They probably hit everything up.
  Where's the real fraud?
  This needs to be exposed pretty much at the top of the list.
  If we can expose this, people still think that he is a she.
  I mean, this needs to be the topic of conversation.
  No, I agree.
  It's all part of the joke on us.
  It's all part of them spiking the football on us.
  Anything else?
  Well, I mean, what do you think?
  I mean, how are we going to get this exposed?
  How is this going to come out?
  I mean, we've got to expose this.
  If we expose this and people say it, then they go back and say, why did the media hide all this for years?
  And you could realize that the media is so fraudulent.
  And, you know, why would they hide all this stuff?
  Where is all these documents?
  Where's the pictures in college football that he played?
  You can't just go up to Joan Rivers.
  You're the one that raised it.
  Obviously you're not watching.
  I just showed you video of Michelle Obama adjusting clearly a flaccid penis and testicles bouncing around.
  Anybody that's a guy knows what it looks like.
  I appreciate your call.
  Since you mentioned Joan Rivers, she died about a month after she said this.
  Here it is.
  The United States will see the first gay president or the first woman president?
  We already have it with Obama, so let's just calm down.
  Got it.
  You know Michelle is a trans... I'm sorry, she's a what?
  A transgender.
  We all know.
  And I don't hate Michelle Obama because she was a man that wants to be a woman.
  It's that I hate the policies of Michelle Obama.
  Let me tell you, nothing pisses them off more than I was talking about this.
  Nothing.
  There's a bunch of other videos, but I really don't want to air videos of Michelle Obama's junk bouncing around.
  In fact, now that I start thinking about it, there's like 15 other videos, more, that I mean, it's just bam, bam, bouncing around.
  I mean, give me a break, man.
  Give me a break, okay?
   Look, if I said if I was a woman, And I'm not packing the Tyrannosaurus Rex, you know, foot long like, uh, it's not, you know, not small, but it's not, that's probably flaccid six inches in the pants.
  Probably got a foot and a half long penis there.
  I mean, that's, I mean, Big Mike's got, Big Mike is starring in major porn movies here.
  And so if you saw me at the beach and I, and I was dressed up in a wig and stuff, but you could see I got a bulge in my pants.
  I mean, come on, man.
  I'm a man.
  I've got testicles and I've got a penis.
  Okay.
  And you can see, if I'm at the beach, even in, you know, baggy shorts or whatever, that I've got something in there.
  Well, I mean, Michelle Obama has got an anaconda in his pants.
  I mean, it's ridiculous!
  The guy's walking around with a giant ding-a-ling, bouncing around, and we're looking at the damn thing, and they're like, two men can have a baby!
  The shot works!
  You're set!
  I mean, it's all lies!
  It's all part of the crazy town!
  And this is a trans cult the entire time.
  Do I hate people that have done it?
  No.
  If they don't have politics to mess with kids, their adults do what they want.
  Yeah, more videos of the dingaling.
  Alright, just no more.
  Let's not focus on Big Mike's package anymore.
  We're gonna go to break.
  I mean, Big Mike is big.
  I mean, Big Mike's a big man.
  It ain't no woman.
  We'll be right back.
  Stay with us.
  
  
  Nobody rides for free.
  I'm gonna hit some huge Mayorkas news on the border and more.
  Some of his latest over-the-top brainwashing and gaslighting.
  Several of those clips in a moment.
  But first, nobody rides for free.
  We can't stay on air.
  We can't pay for the massive servers.
  We can't pay for all the software and all the infrastructure and the satellite uplinks without your support.
  And I want to hire more reporters.
  I want to send them around the country and the world again.
  I don't want to just stay on air, which we've stabilized or able to do right now.
  I want to be able to expand.
  So I want to thank you all for keeping us on air.
  I want to thank you for your prayers, your word of mouth.
  It's an information war.
  And I want to encourage you to go to Infowarsstore.com and get the very best products.
  I can get supplements for 10% of what I get these for.
  The compounds are still so powerful, you get a pretty good response on those.
  The highest end, the cleanest, the very best formulas that top researchers develop for us, and a lot of these are clones of already best-selling products.
  You're not going to get A-plus, platinum-level quality products, five-star products, for anywhere near these prices.
  Permaforce Plus is new and improved even better!
  With a whole bunch of natural compounds for 10 hours of clean energy that kicks in at different points.
  Some hits quick, some hits in 4 or 5 hours, some hits in like 6 hours, 8 hours, 10 hours for the energy.
  TurboForce Plus, now in a canister, stronger and even more product.
  InfoWarStore.com, back in stock.
  Ultimate bone broth, sold out for over 2 years, because you couldn't get the ingredients.
  We got it reformulated even better.
  InfoWarStore.com.
  We're selling out right now the first run of DietForce.
  Bunch of natural compounds that help you lose weight naturally.
  It's so easy.
  DietForce.
  InfoWarStore.com.
  1776 testosterone boost.
  Infowarsstore.com.
  And something I really want you to think about, and this is what I've been eating out of here, so this is not a full bottle, but I'm going to pour these out on the table here.
  Overhead shot, please.
  Ultimate krill oil.
  We have to really look and work with top companies that are already some of the top krill producers to get their highest quality.
   This is beyond the grade A. It's kind of like beef where you have The different ratings.
  Well, this was beef.
  It's that super-rated beef that you get at the steakhouses, you know, where the steak's 100 bucks, and where if it was just regular grade, it'd be 20 bucks.
  These babies, this is the highest grade of krill that you're gonna find.
  There's no coloring in that.
  It's bright, glowing, Superman red is what I call it.
  Electric red.
  And that is only the oil of the krill.
  Not all the other garbage, not brine.
  Most krill you find is all cloudy and yellow.
  Real krill oil is red.
  Very hard to find it.
  This is pure, unpasteurized krill oil.
  This, ladies and gentlemen, is insane.
  So, you need to get krill oil.
  If you've not had krill oil, look at these babies.
  Infowarstore.com.
  There's even more in the bottle.
  These are filled to the brim.
  But I've eaten seven or eight of these.
   I just opened this Well, I guess Sunday.
  So, look at those.
  Look at those.
  But this is the next level.
  And if you take two of these before you go to bed at night, almost everybody calls in and says, my gosh, I had the most fantastic dreams ever.
  Your brain loves this stuff, and it funds the InfoWar, waking up other people's brains.
  Your ultimate krill oil now at InfoWarStore.com, or 888-253-3139, and get your 1776 intosterone boost.
  It'll blow you away.
  We've taken BrainForce and made it BrainForce Plus.
  Now at 20% more in the bottle and an even more hardcore formula.
  You owe it to yourself to get these products.
  They really have worked for myself, my family.
  They have five-star reviews by the thousands.
  Infowarslife.com.
   Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order. It's Alex Jones
   The devil went down to Georgia He was looking for a soul to steal.
  He was in a box.
  He was way behind.
  He just wanted to make a deal.
  Charlie Daniels was a listener.
  Came on the show.
  Great patriot.
  God rest his soul.
  The devil went down to Georgia, he was looking for a soul to steal.
  He was in a bind because he was way behind and he was willing to make a deal.
  When he came across this young man sewing on a fiddle and playing it hot.
  And the devil jumped up on a hickory stump and said, Boy, let me tell you what.
  I guess you didn't know it, but I'm a fiddle player too.
  And if you'd care to take a dare, I'll make a bet with you.
  Now you play a pretty good fiddle, boy, but give the devil his due.
  I've got a fiddle of gold against your soul, so think I'm better than you.
  The boy said, my name's Johnny, and it might be a sin.
  But I'll take your bet, you're gonna regret, cause I'm the best there's ever been.
  Johnny, rosin up your bow, and play your fiddle hard.
  Cause hell's broke loose in Georgia, and the devil deals the cards.
  And if you win, you get this shiny fiddle, made of gold.
  But if you lose, the devil gets your soul.
  Alright, let's shut up those callers.
  TJ in New York, thanks for calling, thanks for holding.
  Alex, Alex, you were right.
  You were right, brother.
  You were right.
  I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for always encouraging your listeners to stand tall.
  Alex, I'm the father of a daughter.
  In 2020, we both had COVID really bad.
  Well, she actually kicked it real quick.
  I had it really bad.
  But we had it before the vaccines were released.
  We had high antibody levels.
  And yet, when the vaccine was released, I had to fight my family inside my house and outside my house because I refused to give my daughter that shot.
  Good for you, brother, because you were giving her a possible death sentence.
  You stood up for her and we congratulate you.
  Alex, one of her best friends got vaccinated and had a heart attack.
  He survived, thank God.
  But even after that, I still had to explain myself when I was at family functions.
  One thing I would always tell my daughter is don't let anyone take you to get vaccinated if you're with your grandparents.
  That's right, because in places like New York and other areas, they take them without the parents knowing.
  Again, that's illegal, but they're doing it.
  They are doing it, Alex.
  So I made sure that she knew.
  And then what happened is she began to see people who were vaccinated getting COVID.
  Exactly.
  that started happening one time, two times, three times.
   And my daughter wasn't of age when they first released the vaccine,
   but then when they started to lower the age, she was able and I was even more adamant
  about her not getting it.
  So you know what?
  Now she looks at me and she goes, "Dad was right."
   Exactly, you are a microcosm of what's happened to this whole show.
   We're right, we've been proven right, and we don't shut our mouths off, but we should.
  You should write letters to your family, you should speak and say, I love you, I care about you, but they lied to you, and they're gonna do it again so they know what happened, and they should know they're victims of what went on.
  You know we need reparations for?
  The people that took these poison shots from Pfizer and Moderna.
  Because they need to be put in prison, and the hundreds of billions of dollars they have need to be paid to the victims of their damn shots!
  We have real victims now, we have the people that actually did it!
  You know, Alex, I'll tell you something, brother.
  In the spirit of Jesus, I forgive them because they knew not what they were doing.
  However, I can't save everyone.
  I couldn't save my wife from getting them.
  I asked her, I begged her, do not get a booster and she did not.
  I couldn't save my mother from getting it, but I begged her, don't get a booster, and she did not.
  But all I can do now is move forward and tell people, listen, this is not conspiracy.
  Let me tell you something, Alex, if you ran for president, you would run away with the black vote.
  You do not have to convince black men that there is a eugenicist plot to destroy us.
  We know.
  It is historical.
  I was telling people, listen, this is not conspiracy.
  The United States government has been trying to do this for the longest, and now they're doing it to everyone.
  They're trying to kill us all.
  This is a problem.
  They want to kill our kids.
  Amen, brother.
  Just look, keep warning, keep doing what you're doing.
  Here's the good news.
  And that's why it happens so bad in Republican states, because on average they're better at actually following the stupid regulations.
  If the vaccine goes above 87 degrees for even an hour, it's a live nanotech.
  It fails.
  Still toxic, but not as bad.
  So most people that took it, they learned that they hadn't kept it cool even though they were supposed to.
  So thank God incompetence ruined most of it or we'd be in a much worse place.
  God bless you.
  It's crazy what we've got to defend our families from, but it's our job and we're going to do it.
  Men are going to stand up, we're going to do it.
  Women are going to do it, too.
  Mark in Arkansas, you're on the air.
  Thanks for calling and thanks for holding.
  It's Mark in Arkansas and I very much appreciate it, Alex.
  I'm very truly touched.
  It's first time in a long time.
  I've been listening to you for over 20 years.
  You woke me up when I was so pissed off about 9-11.
  But, what I have to say right now is, have you reviewed Rhonda Sanders' Heritage Foundation speech?
  No, I've not.
  What foundation?
  Heritage.
  No, I've not reviewed his Heritage Foundation speech.
  Tell me about it.
  He just gave it about an hour ago.
  I missed the last hour of Harrison's American Journal.
  He hit on a lot of points, but he didn't go over the top on anything.
  He just kind of touched it.
  But what I was going to say to you is, what do you think about RFK and Judge Knapp?
  Well, I think Judge Knapp's a great guy, but I don't have any insight baseball on what they're going to be, who's going to be choosing what, but I think Judge Knapp's a very credible, honorable person.
  I think he'd make a great vice president.
  He would be completely great, and he's a constitutionalist.
  And he would keep RFK in check.
  No, I agree with that statement, but just as a ticket to win Democrats, Tulsi Gabbard's won the first few debates in the polls, then they just shut her down and ignored her.
  Tulsi Gabbard's just left the Democratic Party, but she could come back and run as his VP.
  She'd have a real woman who could string a sentence together who's super smart, instead of Kamala Harris, and then you'd have RFK Jr.
  And I just, I gotta say that I really like RFK.
  I really like him.
  I love RFK, but do you trust Kelsey?
  Really?
  Yeah, I think she's come a long way.
  I have good discernment.
  I mean, I have good discernment, and I think she, just like Elon Musk, I think is really waking up.
  It doesn't mean they can't revert back.
  No, no, I hear you.
  Well, who else would run with RFK?
  Who else would you think would be a good candidate?
  Michael Flynn.
  Oh, gosh, absolutely.
  That double Irish team there, that'd be phenomenal.
  Because I think...
  General Michael Flynn or Judge Knapp would be constitutionally aware and keep RFK away.
  No, no, no.
  I mean, I like Knapp, but I think Flynn's understanding of the military industrial complex, the deep state, what he's been through, I think that is a super ticket.
  But I know that Flynn has kind of demurred to Trump.
  He doesn't want to be president.
  He's not seeking power, which is exactly why he should be president.
  I think General Flynn ought to run for president on a Republican ticket.
  Nothing against Trump.
  But I think more competition is good.
  But yes, I would support an RFK General Flynn ticket 100%.
  If he put Flynn on his ticket, I'd probably vote for them over Trump.
  I'll be completely honest with you.
  All right, I appreciate your call.
  I'd love to vote for a Democrat.
  I'd love to take the Democratic Party over and just stop this suicidal circular firing squad we're in.
  I mean, it's stupid.
  And all right.
  We'll be right back with more of your phone calls straight ahead at InfoWars.com.
  Tomorrow's news today in VanDop video.
  Stay with us.
  On a sunny day in November in 1963 in Dallas, Texas, President John F. Kennedy was shot to death by the Deep State.
  Since then, America has been living under a bureaucratic coup.
  They removed Richard Nixon because he was about to dismantle their system.
  They shot Ronald Reagan when he began to mock them.
  And now they're engaged in a criminal justice system coup against President Trump.
  No matter what you think about President Trump, the deep state has bragged about this and admitted it.
  And they're taking your rights away.
  They're taking my rights away.
  All over the world, and here in the U.S., mainline political leaders now admit that there has been a bureaucratic permanent state or deep state coup against our country.
  Infowars has been completely vindicated.
  For 29 years, I've been analyzing and breaking down this group's master plan.
   Because this isn't like dictatorships and Bureaucratic tyrannies of the past.
  This system is hell-bent on capturing full control of our biological functions, of our bodies, of our families.
  And you see their attacks everywhere.
  Ladies and gentlemen, the children are counting on us.
  They are damned to a future of absolute hell if we do not expose these organizations and legally and lawfully move against them.
  I also want to reach out to those that serve the system that know this is true.
  You are destroying your own future, not just our children's future, by going along with this system.
  Now the good news is the enemy is being identified and the fact that they have carried out this coup against our republic and many other countries is out in the open.
  That is half the battle.
  Now we have to be aware of their current and future projects and resist them at every level.
  And that's why InfoWars is more critical than ever.
  We make it easy to support InfoWars.
  Let the viewers and listeners out there that want to help us continue on and hopefully expand.
  We bring you amazing products like water filters and air filters with the highest quality, lowest prices, amazing storable food, and incredible supplements, t-shirts, and more.
  And finally, back in stock after eight months being sold out, our number one new trophy, Turbo Force, is back in stock, discounted 25%.
   It is 10 hours Of clean, powerful energy compounds.
  Also filled with key amino acids and trace elements, minerals and vitamins.
  It is so good for you.
  It is amazing energy and it funds the InfoWar.
  So please visit InfoWar store today.
  And if you try any of the products, I suggest you try TurboForce.
  It's already a best seller.
  It's flying off the shelves.
  But we've been sold out for eight months, so we have deficits in the funding we need.
  But we're finally getting some of our best-selling products back into stock, and InfoWars is getting on a firm footing thanks to all your previous support at InfoWarsStore.com.
  So please visit InfoWarsStore.com today.
  Take action and get TurboForce, 10 hours of clean energy.
  They have many other great products as well, like 1776 Testosterone Boost, Pain MD.
  And so many other great products.
  We also have limited edition t-shirts, Alex Jones for President, and of course, the Trump Mugshot Political Prisoner Shirt.
  That's just some of the great items you'll find at InfoWarsTore.com.
  Again, we've identified the enemy, we're moving against it, we're having major success, and that really is only because of you.
  The globalists see InfoWars as the number one threat because we have a large audience of informed people.
  They see you as a threat.
  We can and we will prevail.
  God bless.
  It's Alex Jones!
  We are in process of developing a whole series of techniques which will enable the controlling oligarchy to get people actually to love their servitude.
  People can be made to enjoy a state of affairs which, by any decent standard, they ought not to enjoy.
  Perhaps you had better start from the beginning.
  Too many kids are what's making planet worse.
  A lot of these kids come from bad gene pools.
  They don't have stable parents making good decisions.
  Mercury-containing vaccines may help not harm kids, according to two new studies in the journal Pediatric.
  These new studies suggest that the opposite, that the preservatives may actually be associated with improved behavior and mental performance.
  Fluoride in water is supposed to fight tooth decay, but could it also cause cancer?
  Turns out the government has the right, under U.S.
  law, to conduct secret testing on the American public under specific conditions.
  We're gonna have to work with dark side, or we're gonna spend time in the shadows.
  Any attempt to achieve world order must be the work of the devil.
  Well, join me.
  I'm glad to sit here at the right hand of Satan.
  There's a need for a new world order.
  Someday, in the next few years, a solution will emerge.
  
  Here's the thing about a fight.
  None of us want to get in a fight.
  Most of us don't.
  But once the fight starts, pretty much everybody knows they have to start swinging for the fences.
  You're not scared once you're in that fight, are you?
  Well, you're in a fight.
   You can roll over and die, or you can join the Animated Contest of Liberty for the human
  species and the future of our world.
  
   Alright, I'm going to go back to your calls here in a moment, but since we mentioned this,
   a caller earlier brought up Bill Gates and she, I think it was Jen from Washington State,
  she mentioned, "Man, everything I research is Bill Gates."
  Well, that's because he works for the Carnegie, Ford, Rockefeller Foundation.
  They'd have another split-off group.
  He merged with them in 1990 and has been running much of their operations since then.
  And I saw this video a few days ago, and I actually read about this two years ago when Gates was trying to bring it forward.
  And the government doesn't even do a process of approval now.
  He runs it.
  They just bring it forward.
  And it's a bunch of estrogen-mimicking liquid plastic chemicals that they synthesize out of plant proteins.
  So they go, oh, it's just a plant product.
  It's safe.
   Well, you can take a plant or oil as well, anything that's carbon, And you can make whatever chemical you want by manipulating it.
  So it basically is a transgender cocktail.
  And I told you about this 20 years ago or more.
  And of course now it's mainstream news that the chemicals in the food and the water are manipulating, are under-consistent, making men effeminate, making women hyper-effeminate.
  And the left spins that and goes, since it came out, well let's make women more powerful.
  Well no, it makes a woman age.
  So a woman goes into puberty at 5 instead of 12, and then she goes into menopause at 35.
  It gives you cancer, breast cancer.
  It's not good.
  They admit these things grow breast cancer.
  That's why Brazil 20 years ago didn't use Roundup, Glyphosate, and they had basically no breast cancer.
  Now they rival us.
  Because they know what they're doing.
  So, they make it all cute.
  Like David Hogg said, Jones claims his chemicals making the frogs gay.
  Well that's good, make them gay!
  Oh good, so no more frogs?
  So, a young lady put out a viral video that I've been sent quite a bit.
  Bringing all this up.
  It's Valor for Freedom on Instagram posted a video describing Bill Gates funded chemical.
  They are planning to spray on fruits and vegetables.
  No, they're not planning.
  I looked it up.
  It's already started a year ago.
  The dangerous chemical Bill Gates is coating organic produce with.
  And it lists on here who's buying the produce.
  And it looks like it's up to half the U.S.
  produce.
  And it's in baby formula.
  It's safe, says the United States Food Regulatory Administration, same ones that said the shots are safe, and the World Health Organization.
  It says pedophilia should be good.
  So safe that it's in products designed for even infants and the elderly.
   The world's most sensitive people, specifically mono, the digleridides, can be found in products such as Simulac, Pro Advance Infant Formula, Ensure, InLive, Advanced Therapeutic Nutrition, both of which contain corn oil, canola oil, sugar, and corn syrup, noting that it could And it just goes on from there.
  Here's the part I wanted to find.
  It's in Sprouts, Walmart, Whole Foods, Kroger.
  It just goes on and on.
  So let's go ahead and play this young lady reporting on this.
  Here it is.
  Bill Gates has funded a new product for your food.
  So let's go ahead and use our critical thinking skills to determine that is red flag number one.
  It's colorless, tasteless, and you can't scrub it off your food.
  But the King of Depop says it's safe.
  It goes by the name Appeal, and they are going to spray this on your fresh fruits and vegetables.
  They say that it'll help reduce plastic use and it'll save your fruits and veggies up to three times longer.
  I mean, don't even mind the fact that natural things degrade over time and lose nutritional value.
  But I saved the best for last.
  Their safe and effective new product has a long list of hazardous cautions.
  Spread the word!
  And she puts those up on screen, so I went and looked them up, and they're all connected to... wait for it... Depop.
  I love that they've got an internet.
  Yes, welcome.
  Hi.
  Hi, Alex.
  Taking me a long time to do this.
  I'm really bad on the phone.
  Well, you sound good, so tell us what's on your mind.
  All right, so I've got three things I just wanted to go over really, really quick and then hang up because I'm nervous as hell.
  On the joking side, Kamala Harris is a man, as well as Big Mike.
  And on that subject, back in the day, wasn't a transvestite a man that dressed up as a woman?
  As in today's world, even men with flongs are still considered like they're transgender.
  Isn't there a wash there?
  I don't know.
  That was the first subject on the funny side.
  Right.
  So Alex, you've given me hope on days that I thought, you know, we didn't have any as a human race.
  Um, are you still there?
  Hello?
  Yes, ma'am.
  I'm right here listening to you.
  110%.
  You're on air live right now.
  Okay.
  So you've given me hope when nothing else has.
   Um, your show and subjects you go over and just, You personally, your passion.
  Now, back in the day with that show with Rima Labo, I think you planted the seed in my head, me not even knowing you saved my life when it came to the vaccination.
  I didn't take it, and I didn't know why, and it dawned on me.
  It was because of that show, you planted a seed in my head.
  So I thank you.
  Well, I want to thank you for supporting us and tuning in.
  We're all in this together.
  We can only beat this together.
  So when you thank me, I'm thanking you.
  And unfortunately, my dad was fully boosted and he died last year.
  And then the third thing was about the virus, the C-19.
  I got a list here.
  Every virus, and I think it was Dr. Yidan.
  I'm not 100% sure, but I do a lot of research.
  In one of the videos I watched, it was a doctor saying that no virus has ever been isolated.
   So basically, They come up with this fear campaign with the virus, and you have to get vaccinated, this, that, and the other.
  And the vaccine causes massive mutations in all regular cold viruses, then we get all these new diseases.
  That was the plan.
  Bingo.
  Thank you for the call.
  All right, we're going to go to break.
  Royce White's coming up.
  I'm going to take some of his time next hour.
  I'm going to get to Brian, and I'm going to get to Ryan.
  And I'm going to get to everybody that's holding.
  No more calls, though, after these.
  We're not going to get any more on the board.
  We're going to take all the calls from everybody holding.
  Also, everybody needs to get an Alexa Pure water-filtered InfoWare Store.
  It is the highest rated gravity-fed filter.
  It cuts out all the garbage, not just the levels, at half the price of leading competitors.
   InfoWarsTore.com This is a true story so let's just realize how important it
  is.
  I don't claim to be Mr. Universe or Mr. Superhealth.
  I just know what's good and what's high quality and what we promote so we can fund the show and see good results that come back.
  I remember going out to this big manufacturer that already supplied a lot of our products and saying, what's your best seller right now?
  They said, well, we have this Nitric Boost product under another name.
  You can private label it, sell it to your folks.
  It helps the blood, helps the blood vessels, the heart.
  It's really the hottest thing.
  You know, you already sell a VasoBeats product that has concentrate that does similar things.
  It just has more ingredients in it.
  And I said, that's great.
  So we started selling it six months ago and it was already a good seller.
  But then Dr. Megavich plugged it, it became the number one best seller.
  Like literally paid the bills last few months.
   And so I thought, well, I mean, I take a lot of the supplements, but I, you know, I need to take this.
  I started taking it about a month ago.
  And my wife...
  Came to me about a week ago, and I don't want to get graphic here, but it's a true story, and she said, she said, honey, are you taking Viagra or Cialis?
  She said, you know, you're always, you know, there and ready to go, but man, it's like, are you on something?
  Because it's totally different.
  I don't want to get into graphics here, but let's just say, it's like I'm 16 again, okay?
  And you know, Darth Vader's a lot, a lot healthier, a lot bigger, a lot happier.
   And the point is, if it does that for your libido, and it's so manifest, I never needed Cialis or Viagra.
  I'm not gonna lie.
  I've tried it before to see what it does.
  Any man does that.
  This, for me, being on this every day, is like five times that.
  And it's exactly what she just brought up.
  So she as a doctor brought this up, so I was just bringing it up to back up.
  If it's doing that, what else is it doing?
  But she was saying Viagra and things do it wrong with the nitric oxide.
  This is doing it naturally.
   So imagine if it's doing it for your libido, and it would just be point blank for an erection, Well, it's our natural body processes in response to poisons.
  So, we know that, you know, we see TV commercials for Roman, you know, young men who have no libido.
  That's what they were trying to do to us is take away, you know, and your CBD product, that full spectrum is going to add just that little bit of extra.
  To your life as well.
  And again, what is going down here is God gave us everything we need for food and we can live.
  I mean, Genesis says 120 years.
  My husband was 83.
  I'm sick.
   in 20 years. My husband I'm sick. I'm six year.
   older than me. And you k he was fine up until the
  and called it COVID.
  Oh, so.
  And you can withstand an awful lot and you can have a great life if you just simply turn back to God and, you know, and again your full spectrum CBD along with that nitric oxide boosted and you've got so much more joy in your life and calm.
  It's the dimmer switch on.
  It's just crazy because I had the product I was selling and it was great but I think I needed it and then I wasn't even paying attention.
  My wife was like, what's going on here?
  I don't want to go into graphic details but it's like dramatic.
  It's alright.
  What you're saying is a natural compound way more powerful than a drug.
  And we knew it in 1980 with the AIDS epidemic.
  That's the point.
  We used it then.
  And these guys came back to life and they were, you know, all you had to do, no matter what they had to take, forced to take the AZT, forced to take the remdesivir.
  How do you heal it?
  Nitric oxide boost, MCBD products, turmeric, everything you're showing there.
  Just feed your immune system.
  We've been poisoned with genetically modified organisms.
  All the food is poison.
  All the GMO is poison.
  How simple it is to stop buying poison, start buying this stuff.
  Give us a year.
  give you a year.
   Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order,
  it's Alex Jones.
  
  He walks through the city in the center of town and pulls the high tension wires down.
  Godzilla.
  
  
  
   Please say something important here, and I'll arrive back to your phone call so you can say something important.
  
   Alan Dershowitz came out after, a few days ago, after the Fox Dominion 700-something million dollar settlement and said, what I already knew was true, I'd file the case if I'm not a top lawyer like him, that the judge Found fact and said, Fox is guilty, there's no evidence of election fraud, and no evidence that machines can be hacked, even though it's admitted.
  You can play countless videos of Democrats up there talking about it, but it's come out, we've covered it forever.
  But that's what happened to me in my rigged cases.
  And I warned everybody, they'll do it to everybody next.
  And they did.
  They have weaponized the judiciary.
  They have weaponized the courts.
   But, Because of the nature of the internet, the way the world works, they can't shut us down.
  So don't worry about what they do to you for telling the truth.
  Worry about not speaking out.
  They want you silenced because your speech is so powerful.
  But listen, it's such a paradox, a conundrum, it's so ridiculous when they admit that almost every major water supply, including well water, is contaminated with glyphosates and in some cases thousands of chemicals, in most cases hundreds, to filter your water.
  So they go, Jones tells you the water is dangerous, then he sells you a filter.
  That's a scam.
  No, it's called direct sales.
  Like, this chemical makes your gas last longer, and it does.
  It's like, or this toothpaste works well.
  Yeah, I sell things that work.
  We have the Alexa Pure water filtration system ready to ship to you, sold out for a long time.
  They didn't have it for almost six months.
  That is the highest rated, best filter out there at half the price of the competitors.
  Some people sell the same filter for three to four times this.
  It's stainless steel, it's beautiful, it cuts everything out.
  Infowarsstore.com or 888-253-3139.
  This is a simple proposition.
  Everybody needs clean water.
  Everybody needs to filter their water.
   We've got One of the best units at the lowest price out there.
  Everybody should say, I'm gonna get the Alexa Pure Pro.
  water filtration gravity system today at Infowars store.
  And that keeps us on air.
   And then you get a great filter that goes on your kitchen table or goes on your island
   or goes in your bathroom or goes in your business, wherever it is and you get clean water,
  tens of thousands of gallons.
  And the replacement filters are also available.
   It takes years to use them up at Infowarsstore.com or AAA253-3139.
   Also, we got a pharmaceutical company that's Patriot owned who also is one of the top supplement makers
   to let us clone three other products that are already best sellers.
  One of them sold out.
  We're getting more of HGH Boost in the next few months, hopefully.
  But we have Testosterone 1776 Boost.
  That's our name.
  We private labeled it.
  It's the same as a national bestseller they make.
  And Pain MD, a bunch of natural compounds that really mitigate pain and does a great job.
  Both products are still 40% off at InfoWorkshore.com, but that sale's going to end soon and that keeps us on air.
   But you need to experience for your energy and your muscles and your Stamina and your mental clarity.
  This helps keep the natural testosterone in your body free, so you get a bigger effect from it.
  Get 1776 Testosterone Boost or Pain MD at mfulworthstore.com today.
  And I thank you for your support.
  Please take action now.
  It's all about action.
  And look at this headline.
  Out of the New Republic.
  First Alex Jones and now Fox News.
  Connect the dots, people.
  Gee, how come we don't see liberal media outlets paying huge settlements and defamation lawsuits?
  Because they sue in Democrat-controlled rigged courts, as Alan Dershowitz said.
  And that's the plan.
  So when they came after me, I said what Trump has always said that's true.
  They don't hate me, they hate you.
  They've got to get through me to get to you.
  So I know I'm in a war.
  If I walk outside today and they shoot me, I don't want to be killed, but I expect that.
  I signed on for this.
  My decision is the victory.
  But it's got to be about your decision to realize you want people to fight?
  You want people to stand up for you?
  You want people to be fearless?
  We're doing it, but we cannot do it without you.
  So spread the word about the broadcast.
  Share the articles.
  Share the videos.
  You're doing a great job.
  Keep it up.
  But also get the products at Infowars.com.
  And please pray for us.
  All right, let's go ahead now and go back to your calls.
  Let's talk to Brian in Texas.
  Thanks for holding her on the air.
  I'm mad as hell and I'm not taking it anymore!
  I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take this anymore!
  Yes sir!
  Gay sex should go loose right now!
  Congress, men and women should be there right now and get them out Alex!
  This is ridiculous!
  They're totally rigging the trials against him and they're setting the president to put us all in prison.
  It's incredibly important what you're saying.
  Exactly.
  You know, I've got video of you actually in the back of you as you were on the chairs telling everybody, hey, we don't want to let Ken stay here.
  I had it all.
  So I was there, man.
  It's crazy.
  It's ridiculous what it did to those people.
  How bad, you know, it was like, but it was like Woodstock.
  It was like Woodstock until then.
  It was historic, that's why they hijacked it.
  But hey, at least we were on the field, and look, it's blown up in their face.
  In national polls, the majority of Americans believe the Fed staged it.
  The majority of Americans, like 75%, believe the election was stolen.
  So all their BS and all their censorship and all their propaganda, all their attacks are not working.
  They all should get millions of dollars and get out of there immediately.
  It's ridiculous, unless you actually did something.
  But not too many people did.
  It turns out it was federal agents broke in, we know that.
  Thank you, Brian.
  I appreciate your call.
  great points. Yeah.
  Ryan in Minnesota, you're on the air.
  Hello?
  Yes, go ahead.
  Hi, I'm a high schooler from Minnesota.
  This is an honor to talk to you.
  This is mind-blowing.
  The honor is all mine.
  Thank you.
  I really wanted to talk to you about an issue that affects me personally.
  Transgenderism specifically.
  I go to a high school and I see my classmates affected by it.
  My cousin is recently starting transitioning and I think it's heartbreaking and these people are... They're transitioning into being sterile.
  Have you lovingly explained how they programmed him and brainwashed him?
  My aunt... I can't.
  We can't talk about it.
  You're confused.
  That's why you need to take hormones.
  Wow.
  Why can't you talk about it?
  Go ahead and... Maybe you should...
  Why don't you give a message to your cousin right now and then take this video later and lovingly say, because we're not attacking who they are.
  They've been pre-programmed.
  Oh, you're oppressed.
  Oh, you're a victim.
  People are going to try to stop you from this.
  Yeah, we're trying to save them.
  When they learn Bill Gates is behind it, why don't you have a message to your cousin?
  You know, I love you and I want you to live a happy life.
   And I don't know what you're going through, but I don't think taking drugs and surgery is going to fix But the problem is, and if you ever need support from me or our other family members, we're here for you.
  I interrupted you.
  You said it's affecting you personally.
  Continue.
  Yeah, no, the issue of like transgenderism affects me personally because I see I see my classmates and like I said, my cousin, and I really want to know how I can help combat it in my life.
  Well, I mean, it's a cult.
  They're trying to suppress those that have been hurt.
  And just explain that it's a whole eugenics cult targeting disadvantaged youth and confused people.
  And that it's a depopulation plan.
  And just know that it's going to blow up in their face, just like Metaverse, like everything else they push.
  And just speak out as much as you can.
  And then go speak at city council as a young person.
  And then everyone will talk about the school.
  You're calling in to talk radio right now.
  You're doing it.
  Yeah.
  Anything else, Ryan?
  I just have one more question for you.
   I'm going to graduate high school soon, and I was interested in joining the military, but I'm wondering if I should anymore with all the Well, the military's got a lot of good people in it, but it's being targeted for depopulation as well.
  So I can't advise you that's your own personal decision, but know what you're getting into if you get in there.
  I could talk for an hour to try to counsel you about what I think you should do with your life.
  What other interests do you have, Ryan?
  I really like politics, government, history.
  Well, let me give you advice when we come back.
  Let me give you advice when we come back.
  If you start speaking at city councils and school board meetings, we'll talk about when we come back.
  Let's go to James in Oklahoma.
  James, you're on the InfoWars War Room.
  Go ahead.
  So, I just want to say I am a huge fan, alright?
  First off, before I get into anything else, I was drinking four to five energy drinks a day.
  And it was horrible.
  I was spending tons of money.
  I felt like crap.
  And then I got on the Brain Force and I'm about to try that Turbo Force.
  I ordered it for the first time.
  Awesome.
  And I want to say, it is amazing.
  Great to hear.
  Thank you guys for what you're doing.
  Hey, thanks for calling in.
  Hopefully we hear from you again.
  Let's go to... Folks, I'm not even kidding you.
  Half the callers are calling in about TurboForce.
  So, okay, fine.
  I said whatever I'm talking about, you're calling in.
  Alright, so we'll talk about TurboForce.
  I love TurboForce.
  So, okay, Mike in New York wants to talk TurboForce.
  Mike, go ahead.
  Good evening, Owen.
  Evening.
  I would like to say to you and all the other InfoWarriors out there, odds are, if you're an InfoWarrior, you have a job, right?
  You go to work every day.
  Odds are, if you go to work every day, there's nobody else there to help you out.
  This is where TurboForce comes into play.
  I'm a mail carrier.
  We haven't had employees in months.
  I cracked a little turbo force, and thank God, thank God it's back in stock now.
  But I was getting really low.
  I was getting worried.
  But now that I got turbo forced, I know I'll be able to get through my day, finish strong, come home, and, you know, do whatever else I need to do for the day.
  Turbo force for the win.
  If you haven't tried it, try it.
  That's all for tonight, Owen.
  Peace out, brother.
  All right, Mike.
  Amazing stuff.
  I mean, no wonder.
   I bet you if you live in Mike's area on his mail route, you're always getting your mail on time.
   Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order, it's Alex Jones.
  
  Alright, I would advise Ryan, this is my personal opinion, I'm not telling you what to do, to not join the military.
  The fight is here in America for the Republic.
  I would get politically involved, I would start a news site.
   I would start covering local politics and you'll get sponsors immediately and if you
  want to be a journalist, that's it.
  You don't go to college to be a journalist.
   You go to college to be put at the back of the line and just be caught up in like fly
  paper.
   So I'm not telling you what to be, but if you want to speak out, you sound well spoken,
   I would go write up what you're going to say, go read a speech.
   I would lead a group locally trying to save children being targeted by the trans eugenicist.
  And just that, young people trying to protect kids from the trans agenda.
  It'll explode, you'll get support, and you'll be a focal point.
  Right there, that's the way to do it.
  That's just one program.
  Anything else, Ryan?
  No, nothing.
  If you join the military, they're going to give you like 50 shots.
  Our military is completely captured.
  Our military ran the poison shot agenda.
  It's run by the globalists.
  Maybe another thing I should mention is I was forced to get vaccinated.
  To do my job requires you to be vaccinated and so I've gotten the vaccine and so I want to know is there anything I should be worried about that I could prevent in the future?
  The good news is, above 87 degrees, the poison prion shot dies in most cases.
  A lot of things you can do to mitigate it, but no.
  But I mean, what job is worth dying?
  Find another job.
  Find people that know what's going on.
  God bless you.
  I appreciate your call, Ryan.
  Scott in Tennessee, you're on the air.
  Go ahead, on the Trans Cult.
  Hey, Alex Scott here again.
  I talked to you last week.
  I got the video of my buddy Billy Falcon that Alex Jones was right.
  Have you seen that yet?
  I sent it to your team.
  Well, thank you.
  What did you send us again?
  Remember last week, I called and said, hey, my buddy from Billy Falcon that wrote a song called Alex Jones was right.
  And he said, hey, hold on, I'm going to get you to my... Mike took my information.
  Okay, I'll look into it.
  I appreciate your call.
  We're taking first time callers today.
  Donna in Texas, you're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Hi, Alex.
   I am calling first to say that with trans, when someone decides to be trans, In that moment, they are sacrificing and suiciding their own soul.
  That's why they're suicidal.
  And they're suiciding all their ancestors that brought them to that point.
  Right.
  The trans consciousness, which is demonic, hates male and female.
  So it suicides itself with its own consciousness.
   A remedy that can help your organization as well, it's obviously going to take all of us being a voice More fierce than the trans.
  We have to be more fierce, more outspoken, more threatening with our righteousness and truth to overcome it.
  And we're going to do it.
  And with the help of your organization.
  And Alex, what I wanted to say about InfoWars and about you and just your whole international impact is that you're like a waterfall all over the world of truth.
  And what I've seen for so long, because I know you've struggled financially, what can unlock a dam, what can unlock a dam and allow that waterfall to flow more energetically, financially, is if you consider adding on a cause outside of InfoWars to your entire mission.
  When you shift your consciousness over your entire organization, from aiding money to giving money, whether it's 5%, 1%, you unlearn.
  No, you're right.
  You're right.
  We should have programs where we give, like, 10% to veterans or, you know, all sorts of stuff.
  That's definitely a great idea, and I appreciate your call.
  All right.
  Justin, Nicholas, and Mike, final callers.
  And then I hand the baton to a great talk show host, a great political mind, a great patriot, Royce White.
  That is coming up.
  We're back in 60 seconds.
  I'm going to be each caller's a couple minutes.
  I love you, but we got to get to our guest host.
  And then in one hour, who's hosting the war room today?
  Owen's out of town.
  Is it Rob Dew again?
  Well, Rob, I watched about an hour of Rob yesterday.
  He knocked it out of the park.
  So Rob takes this very serious.
  He's getting really prepared.
  Rob Dew is coming up in 55 minutes and 10 seconds to host the war room.
  But first, Royce White, stay with us.
  Cook Light presents Real Stable Genius.
  Today we salute you, Mr. Male to Female Ballerina.
  Just when you thought, hey, ballet is for women, you stomped into the room and said, move over, little lady.
  Men can be women now.
  So we all cheered you on as you took your delicate 250-pound frame and squeezed it into that tight pink leotard.
  Oh, what about it?
  Dancing and prancing around the stage like some sort of flamboyant cartoon character, you command the spotlight.
  Can you see my dazzling chest hair?
  Next Christmas, you'll give new meaning to the Nutcracker.
  And then you will stun us all when you debut the Nut Tucker.
  Does this leotard make my balls look big?
  Cock Light. Infowarsstore.com, Austin, Texas.
  Live from the Infowars.com studios, it's Alex Jones.
  
  Well, we got Morpheus Royce White taking over here in a few minutes.
  We're going to skip some network breaks so he gets his full time in.
  But right now here, Alex Jones promised to get to every caller who was on the board.
  We could have unlimited after that.
  We stopped taking calls about two hours ago, but they all got on the board, so I'm going to get to everybody.
  Justin, Nicholas, and Mike, and then Royce White takes over.
  Justin in Tennessee, go ahead, you're on the air.
  Hey, brother, how are you doing?
  Oh, man, it all came true.
  The New World Order, we were vindicated.
  I wish we weren't.
  It's just an insane time.
  How are you doing?
  Not too bad, brother.
  So I called mainly because you started out your show with pedophilia, the torture of children.
  Um, being here in Tennessee, obviously not very far from the Biltmore mansion.
  And so it's funny when you had across the screen earlier, Tony Podesta's artwork, one of the pictures there is actually of the Biltmore pool, which gives a very creepy and odd feeling.
  The first time I went through there, I was like, man, somebody has drowned or something in here.
   But one of the big things with the artwork Is that one of the children, the white-haired child, looks like Anderson Cooper, who of course is a Vanderbilt.
  So... And the other Vanderbilt committed suicide.
  His brother did.
  Absolutely.
  Just hiding in plain sight.
  It's hiding in plain... What do you make of the UN officially saying legalized pedophilia?
  We covered that first hour.
  Folks don't know.
  It's official.
  They said children should be able to have sex with adults.
  I mean, these people have got to be rejected.
  Come on, folks.
  Oh, it's just straight up the devil.
  Plain and simple, the world needs God.
  The world needs God.
  Anything else?
  No, no, just thank you for all you do, brother.
  Thank you.
  Thanks for holding to say that.
  Great points.
  Alright, Mike in Alaska.
  You're on the air.
  In my opinion, Robert F. Kennedy has more integrity in his fingernail of his left pinky finger than Donald J. Trump has in his whole body.
  And that's why I'll be voting for him.
  I'll change my affiliation to Democrat just to vote for him in the primaries because they've been using that tactic, but thus Democrats will switch in the primaries and vote for whomever in the Republican primaries to see that they get their candidate, the most desirable one.
  In the general election.
  I think that we should do that the same.
  I think that people in the freedom movement ought to... Oh, I agree.
  I want him to be the nominee above Joe Biden.
  Joe Biden has announced he is running again.
  He's going to announce next week.
  We'll get Royce White's take on that in a minute.
  We've got to have anybody but old Biden.
  Anybody but old Biden.
  And if that means I have to switch from Republican to Democrat to vote in the Democratic Congress, I'm going to do it.
  Because I don't want to see a Biden up there again.
  I would rather see, you know, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
  And I think he, like I said, I think he has a lot more integrity.
  Well, there hasn't been a real Democrat since they killed his father and his uncle.
  And so it's definitely powerful.
  They're so scared.
  They're attacking him everywhere.
  It's an amazing, amazing time.
  The last real liberal in the Democratic Party, you know, that was 68, okay?
  And they just really haven't had it, you know, the party was taken over by, you know, the commies after that.
  And pretty much we haven't had anybody in the Democratic Party.
  I love how there's an invasion of the Republican Party with the populist movement, the Tea Party, and Trump.
  He's not perfect either.
  We got an invasion over here with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
  It's very exciting.
  Thanks for the call.
  All right, last caller before the great Royce White takes over.
  Can't wait to listen to him.
  Nicholas in Texas.
  Last caller.
  You're our telegunner.
  Yes.
  Hello.
  Can you hear me?
  I can.
  Welcome.
  Yes, thank you.
  Just quick plug.
  I wanted to say the Whole Food multivitamin.
  I don't see it get a shout out a lot, but it is awesome.
  I've been using it after my workouts and it's great.
  I have the X2 and then I got your great reset book and that was awesome.
  Wish you would have gone more in depth with the steering committees, but I'm waiting for your... Well, that was my only complaint.
  The book was like 500 pages.
  They cut it to like 300.
  So the next book is going to be like 400 pages.
  I'm demanding that.
  Great.
  Can't wait to read it.
  I wanted to just say real quick that I've been calling my representatives here in Texas and they're clueless about what's going on with cattle and the mRNA.
  They're not doing it yet with the cattle except tests.
  They've been doing it for four years with pigs.
  Right, right.
  And there was a new article that came out today and it was from wholecows.com.
  And it says there are states that are considering legislation, including North Dakota, Tennessee, Arizona, Idaho, and Missouri.
  Legislation to block it, yes.
  Right.
  Tom Rims is the tip of the spear on that.
  And we're banning transgender garbage after kids.
  We are fighting back.
  We are winning.
  Just if I could say real quick, any of the Infowarriors, if y'all could please call your reps.
  I don't want this in my food for my kids, my family.
  Um, just please call your reps.
  Let them know because they're freaking clueless.
  No, you're right.
  The next big fight is not saying no to their shots, but saying no to the garbage literally being genetically engineered, not just where it's in the beef and the pigs and the poultry, but where the plants grow it themselves.
  Thank you so much.
  Incredible point.
  All right.
  For the balance of the hour.
  Royce White, former NBA player, MMA fighter, ran for Congress, did a great job.
  One of the smartest folks out there.
  Royce White's loaded for bear.
  He takes over now.
  Find him on Twitter at, put that back on screen, highway underscore 30.
  Royce White.
  Take it away.
  Thanks Alex.
  I appreciate it.
  I appreciate being here again.
  It's always a pleasure to be able to host this legendary historic platform of InfoWars and thank you to the entire InfoWars team for all you do and I now today have just got my own channel on InfoWars so you can mirror or so we can mirror and you can follow all of the Please Call Me Crazy podcasts.
  We'll be getting those up over the next 30 days and all the content moving forward from the podcast.
  Which will air tonight on YouTube at 9 p.m.
  Central if you're interested in that.
  We also premiere on Rumble at 9 p.m.
  Given that the Rumble uploads come in a timely manner.
  Sometimes they take 24 hours and so on and so forth.
  All you Rumble users I'm sure are familiar with that.
  And we are on all the audio platforms as well.
  No more housekeeping.
  I appreciate it, Alex, and I appreciate the entire InfoWars audience.
  You guys are one of the most spiritually awake audiences in the world, and I get constant feedback from you all, now having launched the podcast, that you either first heard me on InfoWars or became familiar with me on InfoWars.
  So I appreciate you all.
   Today, for the hour, we're going to get right down into one of the biggest stories, I believe, in the entire World really one of the biggest stories in the entire world that all of the liberal mainstream media Establishment mainstream media industrial complex seems to be rather quiet on given the gravity of it But it's not a shock and what it really shows is that Like Alex has said for many years like many whistleblowers have said for many years that our media is completely and utterly hijacked by the security state and by security agencies in here and
   We have a story breaking in the last 24 hours through this Judiciary Committee that Mike Morrell, former CIA Chief Mike Morrell, was put up to this initiative within the intelligence community to gather support and sentiment from other intelligence officers Big hitters, big name hitters, I'm going to name a few in a minute, to essentially say that the entire Hunter Biden laptop story was Russian disinformation.
  I mean, he admits to it right there in the Judiciary Committee in the last 24 to 48 hours.
  All of the mainstream media establishments are completely silent on the matter.
  We have a few, few, you know, institutions that are willing to even speak about this.
  I mean, this is the weaponization of the media through the security state or in collaboration with the security state.
  And just listen to some of these names who signed this, this letter here.
  And again, the letter was basically forged to say, hey, this entire Hunter laptop, Hunter Biden laptop is nothing more than Russian disinformation.
  We got Jim Clapper at the top of the list who signed the letter.
  We have Mike Hayden.
  We have Leon Panetta who's going around, what do I want to call him?
  Banking industry luncheons with Nikki Haley to schmooze middle market conservative entrepreneurs to vote for Ron DeSantis, essentially.
  That's what's going on there.
  So we got Panetta out there shilling for the security state.
  He signed a letter.
  John Brennan signed the letter.
  We got Thomas Finger.
  He signed the letter.
  He was the former chair of the National Intelligence Council.
  We have John McAuflin.
  We have, I mean, I mean, this goes on and on.
  Nick Rasmussen, former director of National Counterterrorism Center.
  We have Russ Travers.
  I mean, the list goes on and on.
  Fifty people.
  Larry Pfeiffer.
  Bunch of these guys, right, all signed the letter.
   And you just have to ask yourself at home, I know all you in the audience will understand, but this podcast reaches to our opposition just as well.
  And you have to really ask yourself at this point, how much are you willing to tolerate in the interest of your own political affiliation or your own political ambitions or your own political prejudgments?
  How much are you willing to tolerate?
  How much freedom are you willing to give up?
  How big are you willing to let the government get, the federal government?
  How big are you willing to let the security state get?
  How big are you willing to let security agent intelligence agencies get?
  I mean, all of you Democrats out there, all of you Democrats who claim to love Kennedy, who claim to to be champions of civil rights and humans rights and women's rights and even LGBTQ rights or any other form of human humanitarian efforts.
  All of you people claim to love Martin Luther King and the need to defeat Republicans or defeat Donald Trump in the interest of democracy.
  Does this sound like democracy to you?
  Does this sound like democracy?
   I mean, you know, the black community, maybe I'm just not shocked by these things because the black community has long understood the predatory nature of the security state and the intelligence communities, FBI, CIA, NSA, COINTELPRO, MKULTRA, Operation Mockingbird.
  The list goes on and on and on.
  We know it.
  These are the things that they all said made Alex Jones crazy.
  These are the things that when Alex Jones first started talking about him and coming to the surface of readily common knowledge around the country, these are the things that they used to say that he was a conspiracy theorist.
  These are genuine conspiracies.
  Here it is.
  A man that the ex-chief of the CIA, acting director of the CIA, testified before the Judiciary Committee and said, I was the one who helped put together the intelligence collaboration of other officers to lie about the origins of the Hunter Biden laptop story.
  Affected the outcome of the election.
  We're gonna throw Donald Trump in jail for hush-hush money.
  That's the plan anyway.
  I don't think it'll work.
  The Supreme Court seems to be pretty conservative these days, so I anticipate it'll make its way to the Supreme Court and it'll fall on deaf ears when it gets there, but we'll see.
  It's not beyond me that Supreme Court justices could be influenced or compromised.
  It's not beyond me at all that could be the case.
  In fact, we should all be worried.
  And even more so, we should watch out for Supreme Court justices to start to be assassinated in the future.
  Because when that happens, you know that they're going for it.
  But this is just as much, I mean, this is about as going forward as you can possibly get.
  They affected the outcome of an election.
  It was the Biden campaign that put the word in with Mike Morrell to get these other guys to sign this letter.
  And not only were they willing to disguise or try and suppress information that would alter the outcome of the election, the more important piece in the story, because that shouldn't surprise us.
  I mean, anybody who thinks our elections are secure, anybody who even wants to talk about voting machines for that matter, in my opinion, you know, all very prominent, all a problem, all something we have to confront and get ahead of.
   But ultimately, I mean, they're hijacking our elections right out in the open.
  This isn't even a secret.
  Whether it be this or whether it be them raising $240 million through the bourgeois, yuppie, neoliberal, neocon, posh corporate community, right?
  I mean, they raised $240 million for a runoff against, you know, Hershel Walker.
  I mean, how do you Democrats square it?
  How do you Democrats square that you're anti-elite and anti-corporate?
  When you gotta raise $240 million for a single Senate race in the runoff, who has that kind of money?
  You think a couple dollars here and there are coming from, you know, Democrats, Democrat voters all across the country?
  Absolutely not.
  Your Facebook, your Silicon Valley and a bunch of other big, big corporations all around the country and upper middle class, bourgeois elites are the people who they go to and they tap on to fund these campaigns.
  So that's the first way that our elections are jacked.
   But apparently, apparently a president, a sitting president or a presidential candidate can go to the CIA and go to the, can call upon the CIA To weaponize, weaponize the CIA, weaponize the federal government, the security state, to suppress information, damaging information on their campaign?
  I mean, this is criminal.
  This is, this is, that's criminal.
  Paying a hooker, paying a whorehush money is not criminal.
  I mean, come on, give me a break.
   If we want to make that the, if we want to make that the parameter of criminal, There won't be enough space in the jails, let's just be honest.
  But a presidential candidate conspiring with former CIA operatives in our country to suppress essential information that could affect the outcome of an election, that, my friends, is criminal.
  That, my friends, is beyond the threshold of criminal that we should accept.
  And what's worse than them suppressing information that could affect, that affected the outcome of the election?
  What's worse than that is who they were willing to throw it on.
  And again, I'm not a Russian apologist.
  I think Alexander Dugin is a very brilliant guy.
  I have a very healthy respect for many Russian philosophers and writers.
  Sholts Nitzen, Leo Tolstoy is one of the greatest writers of all time.
  So I have a healthy respect for Russian culture and Russian literature, as I think many people do.
  But I'm not a Russian apologist.
  And later on in the show, I want to get into this entire global landscape and where I think we are and what I think we as Americans should look to or look to do to prepare ourselves for the double cross and triple cross that's now going to start to rear its ugly head.
  But they were willing to throw this on the Russians in a heartbeat.
  And not only is that relevant to the ongoing conflict there between Ukraine and Russia, which is really us and Russia, not only is it relevant to that, it's relevant to the default behavior of the security state itself and the intelligence community.
  In what world is it not?
  Treason.
  In what world is it not an immediate endangerment of the American citizen, of American citizenship, and of the overall integrity of this nation to provoke our enemies, potential enemies, enemies by their own standard, by their description, to provoke our enemies by throwing disinformation allegations on them when they're not really true?
   I mean, when you get down to that level, we have to start to ask ourselves, What's going on here?
  What are we looking at?
  What are we dealing with here?
  What are we willing to put up with?
  The CIA's throwing a Hunter Biden laptop story on the Russians?
  Looks like they had it out for the Russians for a long time.
  Everybody knows they've had it out for the Russians for a long time.
   This whole fight between the West and Russia Goes all the way back to Napoleon.
  It goes all the way back to, you know, the Prussian Empire and the entire European monarchies there that Russia had won.
  This goes back to Nicholas, the last Tsar.
  I mean, this game runs deep.
  The great game runs deep, right?
  That's the historical and traditional nomenclature for the tension between the Russian Empire and the British Empire.
  This runs deep, right?
   But ultimately, America's been pulled into it, and now we're being used, and now our money's being used, and now our military might is being used.
  And I think it's interesting when you go listen to a guy like Bustamante, Andrew Bustamante, who, you know, he says a lot and nothing all at the same time.
  He's great.
  He's great in doing it.
  And you gotta wonder why he's allowed to go out there and speak the way he is right now.
   What I always say is, Anybody who ever worked for the CIA never stops working for the CIA.
  You never stop working for the agency.
  So you gotta take anything he says with a grain of salt.
  But I do think it's interesting to hear his pretty forthright admittance on what America's actually doing there in Ukraine.
  And it shows us that we're in a jump ball.
  It shows us that we don't know who to trust.
   And when you don't know who to trust, instead of trying to pinpoint Malice instead of trying to pinpoint deceit instead of trying to find a smoking gun The best thing to do is to get your back in a corner Put yourself in a corner so that you can prepare yourself for whatever threats come
  That's what we need to do right now in America.
  That's what America First is trying to solve.
  That's what the idea of America First is trying to address.
  We've created Alaska, and don't get me wrong, we were involved.
  We had a hand in it, a big hand in it.
  People like, this isn't the first time the security has been involved with the suppression of information or the tampering of elections or any other corrupt shadow practice.
  We all know that.
  So we've been involved.
  In the overall standing of America in the world, on the world stage.
  We were involved.
  We're culpable.
  But now it's gotten to a point where it's so, it's so cluttered.
  It's so convoluted.
  There's so many layers of corruption and deceit.
  It's hard for us to really know who we're fighting against.
  Maybe we should just stop fighting for a moment.
  Maybe we should stop fighting and come home and prepare ourselves for a big fight that we know is coming.
  And we know there's a big fight coming with China.
  And we're going to talk more about this four-player jump ball throughout the hour.
  But that is the four-player jump ball.
  The free people of America who represent, who are the bastion of freedom for free people all around the world.
  And then there's the party of Davos and the European monarchies and the globalists.
  And then you got Russia and China.
  And yeah, you got the Saudis, you know, and the Iranians, right?
  You got the Mullahs and the Persians and who knows where they're going to fall.
  They're anti-Muslims to boot.
  They're willing to make a deal.
  They're willing to cut a deal.
  All of the sympathy that the CCP is now fostering around the world is based on an anti-crown resent.
  It's all based on it, you know.
  I go back to this often, because you have to understand what's being... How do you think China gets Russia to play ball?
  How do you think China now goes to broker the peace or broker a deal between the Saudis and the Iranians?
  What do they all have in common?
  They were all formally colonized by Great Britain, by the Crown.
  They were all, or in Russia's case, they were an enemy of the Crown.
  And so China now is going to walk from nation to nation to nation with the sales pitch.
  You can't trust these Anglo-Saxons.
  You can't trust these white people.
  You can't trust these British or Europeans.
  They're war mongers.
  They're racist.
  They're, you know, so on and so forth.
  And I don't even agree with the categorization.
  I don't agree with the generalization.
  I agree that the European monarchies and colonialism is responsible for a lot of great atrocity in history, and some of it was due to race.
  If you dig deep enough, it's social Darwinism and Darwinism, really.
  But it doesn't matter what we really believe in terms of their sales pitch.
  The question is, what do the people who they're trying to create alliances with believe?
  And they all seem to believe it.
  They all seem to be bought into it.
  And really, deep down, they're not bought into it.
  The Saudis and the Iranians and the Russians, and you pick a group, they don't care about the historical oppression that came from the crown.
  All they're trying to do is look out for their position in the next iteration of world order.
  They're all jockeying for position.
  They're all fighting for position.
  That's what we're looking at.
  We're not looking at some altruism.
  I'll see you back on the other side.
  We'll get back into the four-player jump ball and much more.
  I'm your host, Morris White, in the belly of the beasts, hosting InfoWars.
  Let's go ahead and talk to Brenda in Nevada.
  Brenda, thanks for calling.
  Hi, thanks for having me on.
  I appreciate it.
  First off, I wanted to plug your CPD Full Spectrum 1000mg detector.
  I've been using it.
  I have a daughter with autism, and I've been using it for her, and it's really helped her with her focus, her sleeping.
  She's farther down the spectrum, so she has, you know, some different things that she struggles with, but it has really helped her.
   And I'm on my third Order now and I'm just gonna keep buying it.
  I love it.
  So, thank you so much.
  Well, thank you.
  Yeah, this is a highly rated private label of one of the highest qualities you can get and around half the price you would pay other places.
  It really is amazing.
  Whether it's the 25 milligram or the 10 milligram or the thousand milligram, they're all there at InfoWarsTore.com.
  People really need to get this CBD oil.
   What it does for your neurological systems, what the studies show with people with all sorts of problems, whether it be epilepsy or Or whether it be Parkinson's or whether it be autism, it just takes all those misfiring, overfiring storms in the brain and calms them down and just does incredible things.
  We don't promote stuff that doesn't work and there's a lot of great CBD out there.
  Again, it doesn't get you high.
  I remember when I first started promoting CBD like 15 years ago, I had family.
  I saw one of my free magazines in Austin that had a CBD ad in the back with a marijuana leaf on it, and they got very upset.
  He's now dead.
  He's one of my great-uncles.
  He goes, we don't promote marijuana in this family.
  And I said, listen, I've smoked pot sometimes, not often.
  I'm not going to be hypocrite about it.
  Yeah, I can make you lazy and dumb.
  This doesn't have any of the THC in it.
  It's all the good stuff.
  And I gave him some, and he thought it was amazing for his joint pain.
  So yes, everybody should get CBD oil at InfoWareStore.com.
  that you give back, it's even a greater discount.
  And so you're really providing a huge service to my family.
  I just want you to know that.
  And I really appreciate you.
   If you think the awakening we've seen so far is big, this planet and the globalists have not seen anything yet!
  We're aware of your activities, trying to muzzle the American people and gaming your search results.
  Google is evil.
  We now take the challenge, not to censor like you do, but to stand against you and to fight even harder for our birthright that you are trying to steal!
  Remember this.
  You killed your profession by becoming nothing but mercenaries for the globalists, and people know that you're fake news, many of you.
  Now, with you trying to kill the First Amendment, you're making yourself true villains.
  You've declared war on the First Amendment!
  You've declared war on free speech!
   Since when are hundreds of doctors I'm here to expose this fraud!
  I'm here!
   In America, when they take it off YouTube, they take it off Google, they take it off Twitter, they take it off Facebook.
   There is a giant crackdown, that even the New York Times calls it a crackdown, on conservatives.
   And a plan to de-platform conservatives from the internet and communicating with each other.
  Today, just like communist China.
   I'm here to expose this fraud. I'm here, just like in Congress, that hearings about me, I go there.
   And I get in their face and I expose the truth and that's what I'm gonna do.
  We had over 40 million subscribers on Apple.
  That was our biggest thing with my three podcasts.
  Those were all banned.
  The most banned man in America, Alex Jones.
  
  Please stand by for further details.
  We return you now to your regularly scheduled program.
  Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order, it's Alex Jones.
  I think that the biggest question maybe in economics and politics of the coming decades will be what to do.
  With all these useless people.
  I don't think we have an economic model for that.
  My best guess, which is just a guess, is that food will not be a problem.
  With that kind of technology, you will be able to produce food to feed everybody.
  The problem is more boredom.
  And what to do with them?
  And how will they find some sense of meaning in life when they are basically meaningless, worthless?
  My best guess at present is a combination of drugs and computer games.
  Welcome back, ladies and gentlemen, to the Alex Jones Show here on InfoWars.
   I am your host for the hour, Royce White, and there was the anti-human Metropolitan, omnisexual, globalist, Yuval Noah Harari, chief advisor to the World Economic Forum, and our Swiss, Darth Vader, Klaus Schwab, who, as we all know, is one of the thought leaders, Fourth Industrial Revolution, the great reset of many, many nations' political leaders.
   None more prominent, you could say, than our own Illegitimate president here in the United States, Joe Biden, who can barely construct a sentence.
  Before the break, I was getting into the four-player jump ball, and we're going to need the best minds in this nation.
   We're going to need the best minds of free people all around the world to combat The level of deception going on here on the world stage in our country is pretty cut and dry.
  We're just we have a problem with sellouts.
  We have a problem with sacred honor.
  We have a problem with corporate ocracy crony capitalism.
  We have a problem with Marxism all throughout our academic institutions and in much of our nonprofit sector.
  We have a problem with the security state right the intelligence community.
   Mike Morrell in the last 24 to 48 hours has testified that he, in fact, was the architect of getting 50 former or active intelligence officers, chiefs, you know, Various national intelligence committees and groups so on and so forth including Brennan, including Hayden, including Panetta, and all these other guys to sign a letter saying that the Hunter Biden laptop story was Russian disinformation.
  And we understand the problem or the tension between us and Russia.
  It's been going on for a long time, going all the way back to the Cold War.
  Look, the Cold War never ended, right?
  That's the reality.
  The Cold War quieted down, but the Cold War got even colder, you could say.
  And this is about as cold as it can get, where you just take a contentious presidential culture here in American politics and you throw disinformation on the Russians just for the fun of it, right?
  Just because, who's going to look?
  Who's going to check?
  No thought of what it could do.
  No thought of the fact that each little kernel of lies that are thrown on the Russians or any other geopolitical force, any other nation, every little kernel moves us closer to existential demise, right?
  Moves us closer to a potential nuclear exchange or some catastrophic kinetic war.
  I wonder, do people like Mike Moorell, what do they think in those moments when they go, you know what, we'll throw this on the Russians, that's it.
  What does a Joe Biden think?
  Joe Biden doesn't think much of anything these days, I don't believe, but the people around him, you know.
  What does a Jen Psaki believe?
  Right.
  What's the girl's name?
  Jean-Pierre, I forget what her name is, the black bourgeoisie sellout who was the first LGBTQ woman to be the Speaker of the House.
  I think she is.
  Sellout of the year, in my opinion.
  Well, what do these people think?
  When they fix their mouth, or they fix their pen, or they fix their keyboard, or whatever it is that they write these communications, what do they think, what are those moments like when they get ready to throw disinformation onto another nuclear superpower?
   They think, It's all about me.
  It's just pure ego, pure selfish, pure narcissistic vanity and pride and really corruption and evil.
  I mean, that's pretty, that's just outright evil.
  And it's common practice, right?
  I know Mike Morrell is probably sitting there thinking, why is everybody looking at me like this is some big deal?
  This is what the CIA always does.
  Haven't you ever heard Alex Jones?
  Right?
  And you know, I put an Alex Jones episode up.
  I'm not sure if any of you have seen it.
  It's still on Rumble.
  If we could pull that interview up on the screen here, there in the production room, just so people can see what the episode looks like.
  But it's on Rumble.
  But YouTube pulled it down right away.
  Couldn't understand it.
  I text Alex right away after and said, look, I got to get a channel on Bandot Video because obviously, you know, anybody new who comes into the YouTube arena or, you know, into the big tech arena who's trying to get information out there, probably not going to be, you know, able to move very far without some unforeseeable, you know, help along the way.
  And Alex Jones was our most viewed episode to date.
  And it was removed and it said cyberbullying and harassment.
  And this is what the security state is playing at.
  This is what they're doing.
  They'll use a school shooting, they'll use race, they'll use sex, they'll use whatever they need to to actualize and execute their agendas.
  So we know what's going on here in our country.
  That's the skinny of it.
  That's what's going on here in our country.
  We're just as corrupt as the day is long, right down to the root.
  But it's mostly based on a lot of independent, independent sellouts.
  At the highest level, though, at the highest level, it is tied into a much grander global political scheme.
  And this was this was the main impulse for me to run for Congress.
  Because like it or not, we're going to need some people in elected offices to fight these people, to fight this corruption.
  If not, you can kiss your freedom goodbye.
  You can kiss this nation goodbye.
  You can kiss the ability to pray in public goodbye.
  You can kiss the ability not to have to be drafted into a war, to be sent to some killing field that's pretty much all for theater.
   As CIA former spy and CIA spy Andrew Bustamante says, his theory of the case was that the American involvement in Ukraine, for the most part, aside from ideological promises that were made between America and Ukraine's leadership as a part of this European progressive world initiative, aside from that, The Americans are, we, we the Americans, not us Americans, but certain Americans, are perpetuating this conflict in order to display their military capacity.
   Or, even more recently, in an interview with him and Sean Ryan, he said that this is a way for us to practice transporting, practice logistical Practice our logistics in a potential and future or inevitable war with China.
  That's what we're doing there in the Ukraine.
  We're practicing logistics.
  We're practicing being able to get our equipment to a part of the world that's much, much further than the Middle East and where we've been over the last 20 years and had that battle tested.
   You know, we were battle tested in that part of the world in terms of In terms of transportation and logistics and all these other things.
  Now we're starting to fight in a part of the world that's a bit further and we need practice.
  I mean, imagine that.
  Imagine that being true.
   Imagine we actually are strategically deciding to perpetuate a war with another nuclear superpower so that we could practice logistical Strategy so that we could practice our logistical Workups or whatever the case may be imagine.
  That's really true Again, Andrew Bustamante former CIA.
   Nobody ever stops working for the agency in my opinion and certainly not guys like him If we are doing that then the mainstream media say mainstream media that it would appear is 100% In collaboration to suppress this judiciary testimony that the CIA has suppressed the Hunter Biden laptop story in the interest of Joe Biden's candidacy in the last election.
  The same type of collaboration is happening with the news or the coverage about the war in Ukraine.
  It's about democracy.
  About democracy.
  We're trying to protect democracy in the Ukraine.
  The Ukraine was never a democracy.
  What are we talking about?
  The Ukraine has never been a democracy.
  Give me a break.
  Now, are the Ukrainian people putting up a valiant fight against the Russians?
  Absolutely, in my opinion.
  Yeah.
  They're putting up a valiant fight.
  We should all acknowledge the valor and courage of the Ukrainian people, many of the Ukrainian people.
  But we have the same problem here in America.
  We have the same problem with our own military and our own war conflicts and our own inability to see beyond the valor and sacrifice of our servicemen and women and the elitist schemes that are being perpetuated through that sacrifice.
  We have that problem all throughout this country as well.
  So you have to be able to separate the two.
  Are there many brave Ukrainian people that are fighting back against Russia?
  Yeah.
  Is their fight legitimate?
  Is it without corruption?
  No, no.
  Those two things should be able to be separated with great ease.
  The entire effort is corrupt on face value.
   And for any of you who don't really understand the history here, because I know in this technocratic tick-tock-ification of our society, it would seem it's kind of hard for people to keep up with real history because God forbid that your libraries and the schools are closing and they're moving everything to digital iPad learning, in which they try and pretend that they wouldn't be able to delete real history from the curriculum, but we obviously see that they do.
   Or maybe you boomers were having so much fun with the pill and drugs and whatever else you were getting into, getting your Wallet, you know, fattened up through the corrupt stock market and the corrupt monetary policy of the Federal Reserve.
  Maybe you jerk-offs were just so busy that you never actually took the time to learn the real history and it doesn't really matter.
  You didn't pass it on down or whatever the case may be, but there seems to be a general, general, obvious lack of real history.
   And in this case, it's pretty Strange that nobody on CNN, nobody in MSNBC, nobody even on Fox News, nobody will just say that Kyiv used to be the capital of Russia.
  Kyiv, where, you know, all of the Ukrainian rally cry is, right?
  The capital of Ukraine was the capital of the Russian Empire from ancient times.
  Okay, so, I mean, you could go through this history where this country or this country or that country or that country became an independent sovereign nation after the post-World War II Democratic-Liberal order or the Cold War or the non-acts-of-aggression war or the Atlantic Charter or Bretton Woods Conference or so on and so forth.
  I mean, you can go right on down the line.
  But the reality is Ukraine is Russia.
  And by many standards, Taiwan is China.
  Okay, let's just cut through the noise.
  Now, if the Taiwanese people or the Ukrainians would actually like to fight for democracy and freedom because they hold America's foundational values sacred and they believe in them, that's something that we should consider.
  Maybe we do need to fight for people around the world who want to be free and not fall under the thumb of the tyrannical CCP regime.
  I would be all for that.
  As a sitting president, I would be all for that.
  If you don't want to come under the thumb of this international, totalitarian, anti-God regime known as the CCP, hey, we'll help you.
  We'll fight for you.
  You got to be willing to fight for yourselves as well.
  But we also have to clarify our own will around such endeavors and such a call to moral and ethical high ground.
  We'd have to clarify our own will.
  And we haven't done that.
   We are still marred by the stains of allowing our federal government and our political elites and our corporate elites to use America, The brand of America, the name of America, the weight of America, the financial power of America, the innovation of America, the innovation of American citizenship itself.
  Use that to march around the world and steal people's shit.
  That's the reality.
  That's what's going on here.
  And who did we do it at the behest of?
  Who were we working on behalf of?
  The crown.
  It's very clear.
  We were working on behalf of the crown.
  After World War II, we took on the British foreign policy.
  And what was the British foreign policy at the time?
  What was Alfred John Mackinder's foreign policy, prevailing foreign policy at the time?
  The geographical pivot of history.
  The Geographical Pivot of History, the World Island Theory, and the Heartland.
  He who controls Eastern Europe, controls the Heartland.
  He who controls the Heartland, controls the World Island.
  And he who controls the World Island, effectively controls the world.
  PSYOP.
  PSYOP of the highest order.
  It has some validity to it, yeah.
  Yeah, that part of Europe right there, Eastern Europe.
  Concludes the Ukraine and the heartland and connects the world island of the Afro-Eurasia world island.
  Yeah, there's validity.
  The person who can dominate and control that and use that as a springboard could potentially use it as a springboard for world domination.
  But it's only 50% of the resources in the world.
  How for John Mackinder and the geographical pivot of history lays that out very clear.
   He said this he who can control The Eurasian world island would effectively control 50% of the world's resources.
  50.
  I don't know how good everybody's math is out there.
  I know you Democrats like to skip math class for gender studies or whatever else you guys are into these days in the scholastic, you know, scholastics.
  But 50% would be about half.
  Half of the world's resources.
   The other half are here in the Americas, right?
   So how we got pulled into this huge ongoing conflict to ensure that Russia would never move west
   and collaborate with a Western continental power like Germany to control the Eastern Europe
   or that Russia doesn't conquer Eastern Europe or conquer all of Europe
   or that a Sino-Japanese empire doesn't conquer Russia by way of Eastern Europe and the heartland.
  How we got pulled into this in the first place is a question for the ages.
  I mean, it really is a question for the ages.
  And when you get, when you dig down deep enough to understand the academic and prevailing, the prevailing academic tradition that goes into much of this, this geopolitical foreign policy, you start to realize that it couldn't have happened by accident.
  We didn't get pulled in by accident.
  Our elites here in America, our political elites, they fancy themselves British.
  They fancy themselves European.
  They fancy themselves Atlanticists.
  You know, they say that in Turkey, you know, the heart of Turkey, you know, it's the eye of Turkey yearns for Vienna or the heart of Turkey yearns for Vienna.
  It's a saying about the people in Turkey or some people in Turkey wanting to be European.
  But the same thing is true of us here in America.
  We want to be European so bad.
  We're not European.
  We're not an Atlanticist power.
  We're a Pacific power.
  That's the reality.
  We are a Pacific power.
  We're not an Atlanticist.
  This whole Atlanticist, Atlantic Charter thing was a scam from the beginning.
  And I don't know how to make people understand how prevalent this is still today when you see the CIA throwing disinformation on the Russians, you know, willy-nilly.
   You're looking at the remnants of foreign policy That we adopted from the crown.
  We're in this war.
  Why are we at war with Russia?
  What's the war between us and Russia?
  We don't have any interests.
  We don't have any interests that are at odds with the Russians other than Europe.
  And let's be quite honest.
  We say that we're there to make sure that the Russians don't strip Europe of its ability to be free and democratic.
  But where in Europe is it free and democratic?
  Great Britain isn't a democracy.
  Cut the BS.
  Great Britain is not a democracy.
  The monarch in Great Britain has the autonomy at any time to tell the Parliament to go take a hike.
  It's right there in the fine print.
  None of you read it, we all obsess about King Charles and Meghan Merkle or Angela Merkel, whatever her name is, and Harry and, you know, they're having a wedding or they're having a baby or, you know, I can't tell you how many of these weird neoliberal, neocon, posh, yuppie, white liberals are so infatuated with the royal family.
  We're not European.
  We're not British.
  And they're not a democracy.
  The French, yeah, their democracy, you could say, wouldn't trust them, can't trust them.
  Macron, he comes out last week and says, we'd be okay with China being, we're okay with a more multipolar economic hegemony.
   After America's fronted the money in the military security for NATO for the last 60 years, Okay, and if it wasn't for America, the French, the British, and everybody else there in Europe could potentially fall under the thumb of Russia.
  But would they even be falling under the thumb?
  I mean, this is what we have to understand.
  Understand how the crown works.
  Go back to the Napoleonic Wars.
  They fund both sides of the war and they wait to see who has the advantage.
  They wait to see who they can latch on to and then co-opt to ensure their survival in their elite aristocratic position.
  And it went from being aristocratic monarchs to aristocratic nation states that are still run and led by monarchs.
  We're all carrying water.
  The American people, the American citizens, American tax money.
  We're carrying water for a European scam.
  And it is a scam.
  This whole English Commonwealth and even the whole brand of whiteness.
  Oh, white people.
  And then now on the conservative side, you'll get this sympathy for Europe and the crown based on whiteness?
  There is no whiteness.
  White is an American invention.
  It's an American invention that came from a Darwin academic tradition.
  There is no white.
  What is white?
  What is black?
  Okay, if you want to go down to the bottom of it, Mongoloid, Negroid, Caucasoid, there's three master races of it.
  That's Darwin.
  You're Darwinist.
  You don't believe in God, number one.
  Number two, even if you want to go down to that level of it, and I would say, yeah, okay, there's three master races.
  Okay, fine.
  What does that have to do with Europe?
  You know how different the people are in Germany than the people from France to the people from Italy?
  What is whiteness?
  Why are we defending whiteness?
  This is the scam.
  This is the weaving of a scam that is being waged upon the psychology of a very fragile and stupid free people of the world to perpetuate crimes, to perpetuate corruption, to perpetuate globalism.
  And they're going to justify it.
   And now, I mean, look, if Great Britain doesn't want to fall under the control of Russia, why would they give their entire, why would they let London's entire surveillance system Be, you know, manufactured and installed by the CCP.
  They're getting played and they're getting desperate because they know they're losing.
  But they're such cucks, they can't even, they can't even come to the realization that they would lose, that they could potentially lose.
  So now they got to try and weasel their way out of it.
  And in order to weasel their way out of it, they don't want to confront China head on.
  They don't want to confront the CCP head on.
  The human rights violation to the CCP?
  Completely fine.
  No problem.
  They don't threaten democracy at all.
  There's no democracy or freedom for the Uyghurs.
  East Turkestan?
  No freedom for them.
  No freedom for Tibet.
  Right?
  Remember the whole Free Tibet Movement?
  Gone.
  Done.
  Tibet's just a natural part of China.
  Tibet is just a natural, natural territory of China.
  But the Ukraine isn't a natural territory of Russia?
  I mean, I apologize.
  I have to go out on the limb and talk about it from this vantage point, because I know it sounds pro-Russian, and it's not.
  It's to say, we got to get clear.
  If there's a fight to come with Russia, it's not to come anymore.
  We're in it.
  But if there's an even bigger fight or a more continued or longstanding fight to come with Russia, we need to be clear about who our allies are.
  If there's a fight to come with China, we need to be clear about who our allies are.
  And right now, our allies don't live there in Europe.
  They never have.
  They were never our allies.
  They pretended to be our allies.
  They used us.
  They leached on to us.
  They latched on to us and used the innovation and uniqueness and all of the things that made America powerful in the beginning, which wasn't some Atlanticist affectation.
  That's not what it was.
  What it was, was a land of people who believed in fundamental freedom.
  Who believed in fundamental freedom, who believed they had rights granted to them by an alien, inalienable rights granted to them by a creator.
  That's what made America strong.
  That's the foundation of our power.
  Not some posh, yuppie, neoliberal, neocon, uh, metropolitan, omnisexualism.
  Stay with us till the other side of the break.
  I want to dig more into the crown next.
  In the early 1900s, certain companies were off-gassing highly toxic fluoride gases into the atmosphere.
  The surrounding communities began to get sick.
  Laws were enacted to compel these corporations to install scrubbers to convert these gases into fluorosilicic acid.
  Still highly toxic, but containable.
  Now these companies had a stockpile of this poison.
  And there was no affordable way to dispose of it.
  Lucky for them, one of their major stockholders was also the Secretary of the Treasury, who was responsible for the Public Health Service at the time.
  And by 1950, the U.S.
  government began buying this toxic, untreated industrial waste product and dumping it into our drinking water.
  Reputable studies show that it's causing various cancers and other disease.
  With the Alexa Pure Pro, you can have clean drinking water and a remedy to this madness.
  Available now at InfoWareStore.com.
  Matt, yo, dude.
  Get up, bro.
  You're gonna be on with Alex Jones in one hour.
  What?
  Oh, dude.