While other networks lie to you about what's happening now, InfoWars tells you the truth about what's happening next.
  Visit Infowars.com/show and share the link today.
   And it's time for humanity to stand up in the Infowars and say, "I don't know what's
  going to happen at the end of this, but you ought to fight!"
  You better believe you've got one!
   From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones.
  
  But you're describing two different systems.
  You say that the leader acts in the interest of the voters, but you also say these decisions are not made by the leader, they're made by the ruling classes.
  You've run this country for so long, you've known all these American presidents.
  What are those power centers in the United States, do you think?
  Like, who actually makes the decisions?
  I don't know. America is a complex country.
  Conservative on one hand, rapidly changing on the other.
  It's not easy for us to sort it all out.
  Who makes decisions in the elections?
  Is it possible to understand this when each state has its own legislation?
  Each state regulates itself?
  Someone can be excluded from elections at the state level?
  It is a two-stage electoral system.
  It is very difficult for us to understand it.
  Certainly, there are two parties that are dominant, the Republicans and the Democrats, and within this party system, the centers that make decisions, that prepare decisions.
  Then, look, why, in my opinion, after the collapse of the Soviet Union, such an erroneous, crude, completely unjustified policy of pressure was pursued against Russia?
  After all, this is a policy of pressure.
  NATO expansion, support for the separatists and Caucasus, creation of a missile defense system.
  These are all elements of pressure.
  Pressure, pressure, pressure.
  Then dragging Ukraine into NATO is all about pressure, pressure, pressure.
  Why?
  I think among other things, because excessive production capacities were created.
  During the confrontation with the Soviet Union, there were many centers created and specialists on the Soviet Union who could not do anything else.
  They convinced the political leadership that it is necessary to continue chiseling Russia, to try to break it up, to create on this territory several quasi-state entities and to subdue them in a divided form, to use their combined potential for the future struggle with China.
  This is a mistake, including the excessive potential of those who worked for the confrontation with the Soviet Union.
  It is necessary to get rid of this.
  There should be new, fresh forces, people who look into the future and understand what is happening in the world.
  Look at how Indonesia is developing.
  600 million people.
  Where can we get away from that?
  Nowhere.
  We just have to assume that Indonesia will enter, it is already in, the club of the world's leading economies, no matter who likes it or dislikes it.
   Yes, we understand and are aware that in the United States, despite all the economic problems, The situation is still normal, with the economy growing decently.
  The GDP is growing by 2.5%, if I'm not mistaken.
  But if we want to ensure the future, then we need to change our approach to what is changing.
  As I already said, the world would nevertheless change, regardless of how the developments in Ukraine end.
  The world is changing.
  In the United States themselves, experts are writing that the United States are nonetheless gradually changing their position in the world.
  It is your experts who write that.
  I just read them.
  The only question is how this would happen.
  Painfully and quickly, or gently and gradually.
  And this is written by people who are not anti-American.
  They simply follow global development trends.
  That's it.
  And in order to assess them and change policies, we need people who think, look forward, can analyze and recommend certain decisions at the level of political leaders.
  It's Friday, we've got a massive broadcast lined up today.
  David Icke, Roger Stone, you name it, stay with us.
  This is the broadcast that the globalists do not want you to hear, but it's still on the air because of your dauntless support.
  I'm very honored and blessed to be here on this Friday, February 9th, 2024 transmission.
  And we are going to be here for the next four hours live.
  Head of Owen Schroyer in the War Room, also on the InfoWars Network, coming up at 3 p.m.
  Central Texas time today.
  Okay, obviously the Biden story is ultra-massive.
  The wheels have totally come off on multiple levels.
  He doesn't even know what planet he's on.
  His brain is declining more in a week than it has the last year.
  At current decline, he won't be able to talk in a few months.
  So this is just totally insane.
  But you notice he's getting worse right before the Democrat convention coming up because their doctors that are drugging him up are in control.
  This is a soft coup.
  Now mainstream media has the knives out, corporate media, to remove Biden.
  Incredible Putin interview yesterday.
  Very statesman-like.
  Extremely intellectual.
  Very historical.
   But the main takeaway is, and what the globals are jealous of him, They all share power in their globalist committees.
  Putin is actually in charge of Russia and over 80% popularity.
  And I know journalists that have been over there and from coast to coast, they say, no, they love Putin.
  And Russia has a history like unlike any other country of being constantly attacked.
  For 1,100 years, perpetual war from the East and West, and that's what's going on with the Russians.
  And they're not going to back down.
  They're not going to go away.
  And if the West starts a war with them, it'll be the end of civilizations.
  We know it.
  They'll die.
  We'll die.
  Much worse for the Germans and the Russians going toe-to-toe in World War II.
  And I'm not lessening how many troops we lost in World War II.
  Both my grandfathers were in it.
   but Russia and Germany were the big person table at Thanksgiving and the little card table
   with the kids at it was the United States and the so-called allies.
  26 million dead Russians, 24 million dead Germans.
  Those are official numbers, killing each other.
   And then you look at the numbers, we didn't even lose a million here in the United States.
  Still a serious war, still terrible.
  But the real war was that.
  And you have Napoleon losing against the Russians.
  It just goes on and on and on.
  And so, I predicted, and just telling you, I know with my research, nobody else did.
  Everybody's like, oh, what's he gonna talk about?
  I said, they'll get a big giant history lesson at the first.
  We have the clip of me saying it on Monday.
  We're gonna post it to Bandai Video, or I'll put it out on X, just to show you I do my research.
  And I told the whole story of Slav the Wise and all that.
  And again, that's just known over there.
  That's not known over here.
  But I nailed it.
  But since I knew that already, I was like, people are gonna be bored by this.
  They're not gonna understand it.
   But that's what Putin does. I mean, he just talks about history. If you don't know history,
   you're doomed to repeat it. As Winston Churchill famously said in the middle of World War II.
   So we have Roger Stone joining us at the bottom of the hour in about 23 minutes, 22 minutes.
   Then we have David Icke joining us for at least an hour and a half. And I'm calling it a debate
   because we are going to debate some stuff, but it's a friendly debate.
  I love David Icke.
   A super great guy, super smart, really liked the guy, and that's why when he's been kind of kin pecking me a little bit, and that's kind of what it's like, calling me the minion of Elon Musk and stuff, it hurts because It's good to have David there criticizing Elon so that, you know, we can push him in the right direction and if he doesn't go in the right direction, you expose him.
  But when he's moving in our direction and doing all these good things, sure, you don't turn the lights off and trust Elon Musk.
  Anybody with that much power you can't trust, but I'm not going to complain when he's swinging like 80% our direction.
  So, I mean, it's that simple.
  I never sold out at the Globalist when I was offered the big Fox shows and Rush Limbaugh slot and everything, because it was a direct New World Order work for us.
  You'll get all this money and power.
  I said no to all that.
   But when somebody's fighting the Globalist on so many fronts, And also, double dealing, obviously.
  He's got a foot in both worlds, but he's moving way towards us.
  I'm going to talk about the good I see, and then criticize the bad I see.
  I don't think it's a... David is a purist, which I think is a good.
  It's good to have him there as the guy that is going to really focus on Musk.
  It's good to have that position out there.
  I just cannot in good conscience myself sit here when I see the globalists literally coming after Musk.
  He's devastating them.
  And sure, he probably just wants to take over their system.
  He's just a competitor.
  That's probably what it is.
  Okay, he knows he's way smarter than them.
  They're all twisted and inbred and out of control and he's moving in on them.
  That's how they see Trump, by the way.
  They see Trump as a competitor.
  There's an old saying, I think Frank Herbert wrote about it, but it's been said by philosophers before him that every revolutionary is an aspiring aristocrat, in that every revolutionary really just wants to be in power.
  I think that's a cynical worldview because that's not how I am.
  I want to see humanity empowered.
  I want to see prosperity like the founders did.
  But most revolutionaries, particularly their leftists, do want to be the boss and do want to enslave people.
  Frank Herbert was a great novelist, a great science fiction writer, but also an amazing political essayist.
  I got interested in him back when I was young reading his science fiction books, and I found out that he did a lot of non-fiction before he was popular, and I actually got those books.
  I used to go to rare bookstores and order books and stuff.
  Got some of the rare writings of Frank Herbert.
  Learned a lot from him.
  He was a real environmentalist, by the way.
  Humans taking control of the environment and terraforming it to turn the desert green and do all these amazing things.
  So, again, the globalists hijacked that amazing environmentalist movement of the 60s and by the 80s had it under total control.
  But I'm kind of digressing on the Frank Herbert subject.
  What I want to talk about here today is the fact that we're winning.
   And I've got a short clip I want to play, when we come back from break, Joe Rogan with the NFL quarterback Aaron Rodgers, who I really admire, not for the NFL.
  I mean, I like football.
  I mean, I think it's cool.
  But I like him a thousand times more because he's got courage.
  And they had some nice things to say about me.
   But what it's really about is, The fact that this broadcast is now seen by Tucker Carlson, Senator on Air, into my face, Joe Rogan, all of them, as the most accurate.
  I've made some mistakes, I've followed rabbit trails, I've been set up.
  I've taken the bait a few times, I'm not perfect.
  But the fact that in this world today, the most popular talk show host that people say, Alex Jones is the best we've got.
  That shows how far we've come.
  It's not about, oh look, I'm the best we've got.
  Boy, I ain't saying much.
  But once people get my perspective, it's like wearing the glasses and they live.
  I'm not telling you what to think.
  I'm like, oh, you don't see that.
  20 point buck right behind that tree in the brush.
  I'm like, just move your eyes a little and kind of just don't, my grandfather taught me, great hunter, to unfocus.
  You're sitting there looking at a deer stand at, in a clearing at 200 yards of woods and deer trails.
  And he said, if you're looking for the deer, you can't find him.
  He said, just sit back and open up your eyes.
  And just look in your eye and the movement when you pick up, oh, there's a squirrel, there's a rabbit, there's a hawk, there's a crow, there's an armadillo, ooh, there's a 20 point buck.
  And that's what I'm trying to get you to do, is not see what I see through my eyeballs.
  I read the Globalist documents and I see their plans being unfolded.
  And so I know damn well they're in charge.
  They're not in total control yet.
  They want to get their cashless society in.
  If they get that in, baby, then we're in a whole world of, you know what, SH-T.
   But as soon as people finally listen to me, And finally, understand how it all connects together.
  And I can show them globalist documents and even admit how they do it.
  But I'm able to figure out how they're operating and then later even find a document where they admit it all exactly as I saw it.
  It's a perspective.
  And you've got to admit there's a global elite coming after you.
  You've got to admit they're a globalist.
  They're trying to dehumanize you.
  And that they're cold-blooded.
  They want you to turn off your life force.
  And turn off your survival mechanism.
  Alright, Roger Stone's coming up.
  David Icke's coming up, and so much more.
  I want to thank everybody that's joined us on this live, unfiltered, uncensored transmission.
  Nobody calls the shots around here but me.
  I'm in charge of my destiny, and there are billions of people just like me, and we're coming together, and there is a great awakening, a great renaissance happening, and that's why the globalists are so scared making their moves.
  Alright, now this short two minute Joe Rogan clip with Aaron Rodgers, they said some other nice stuff about me on the podcast, and again it's not about me, it's about I'm this demonized symbol, the worst thing on earth, the corporate media says, and then the biggest talk show host in the world, all of them now, in Japan, in Russia, in Africa, in Brazil, in the United States, in Europe, I mean I consider, name them all, say Alex Jones is the best.
   And it's not about me being the best for me, they're saying that radical outcast, The guy totally demonized is good because they've done their research.
  That is a repudiation of the system and it shows our political understanding, your political understanding, your support of this broadcast is paying off.
  As I tell you, I go, listen, I do more important work.
  How many times have I said this the last three years?
  Behind the scenes talking to the heavy hitters and sending them information and then seeing it on their show a couple of days later.
  And then they ask me questions, not just Joe Rogan, a bunch of other people.
  And Joe talked about that, but that's not the most important thing he said.
  He then gets into the collapse of civilization.
  And we're two weeks from cannibalism, folks, if things go down.
  And the globalists are positioning us for that.
  I see David Ickers coming on, I love him to death, criticizing Joe, criticizing, oh they're gatekeepers, oh.
  I've known Joe 25 years, I've seen him wake up from kind of a liberal to what he is today.
  He's real, it's a process, and now he's getting more and more hardcore.
  He's about 90% as hardcore as I am on air.
  Behind the scenes, my God, he's fully awake.
  And then he knows Elon and tells me stuff about Elon, I don't know Elon.
  Elon is totally, at least telling these people he hates the new world order and wants to bring it down.
  Couldn't it be that he would swing around to us because he's got 11 kids and wants to have a future?
  I'm not even saying that's going to happen, but we have to think like winners.
  We don't delusionally think everything's okay, like Q says.
  But we have to also, when things are going our way quickly, not go, no, no, no, those people are fake!
  You still watch them, you still criticize them, that's all healthy, and what David does is healthy.
  And I'll discuss it with David coming up.
  I'll play a clip of David in a moment.
  But, and guys, print me his tweets from last week.
  And in fairness, he gets so many emails.
  I do too.
  I was sending him stuff months ago.
  I was going into his spam.
  He missed him.
  He found him.
  And when he heard me complain, he went to his email and go, oh God, they're in the spam, which a lot of the computer systems do that.
  They spam the good stuff.
  You learn that, especially when you're using a big computer system.
  I don't know what he's using.
  And he said, sure, I'll come on.
  And plus his daughter, beautiful lady.
  He's got a beautiful family.
  I know some of his family died recently, so I'm not here criticizing David at all.
  I think what he's doing is healthy.
  But when he put out those tweets where he calls us mams or mammies or something, it's some British term I don't understand, minions.
  I looked it up when I did it and it's basically like I'm a brown noser of Elon Musk and I'm not seeing the truth now.
  I'm covering everything the way I always do, not censoring anything I say.
  If I get banned for something I say by Elon, then I'll talk about it.
  But I'm not changing one damn thing I do, other than like, wow, Elon's really moving in the right direction.
  I mean, what am I supposed to say he's not?
  How dare you expose the open border?
  How dare you say the dangers of AI?
  How dare you expose the WEF and say we don't want world government?
  How, how, how, I mean, okay, fine.
  Elon Musk is bad, he shouldn't do any of that.
  And then I'll be...
  The holy one, I guess.
  The perfect person here.
  But I understand for folks who have been doing this for 35 years like Ike, myself for 30, there is kind of a, well, we're the OGs, so who are these guys coming along?
  Well, I see that as the sign of our success, not our failure.
  And that's what God imprinted on me, and I've been talking about it for 20 plus years, that my main mission was to get everybody awake, and when they saw it all come true, when it went from beta to operational, then there'd be the Great Awakening.
  And I didn't just say that when we were able to do this together the last few years.
  I've been saying it for decades.
  You've heard me talk about it hundreds of times if you're a regular listener.
  And so I'm watching God's information, and David got a big download too.
  He's got a bunch of them.
  So my download told me this, and the download came true.
  Here's a clip of Joe Rogan.
  You know, it's the Alex Jones was right meme.
  Like, do you realize how many times that guy's been right?
  Like, how is he so good at predicting all these things that are happening?
  Because the guy's balls deep in it all day long.
  Yeah.
  You could call him right now.
  It's like, I'm doing the documents.
  I'm reading the research right now.
  This is sick.
  This is what they're doing.
  This is bland.
  I talk to him all the time.
  We text each other.
  Every time something's crazy, I'll text him.
  Like, what is this?
  And he'll send me all these documents.
  He's talking about, uh, that's not something he said the other day about.
  You know, you gotta have somebody in case they turn the power off, turn the water off, do something like that.
  Well, there's a lot of people that think that, including me.
  Because if I was a foreign government and I wanted to cripple America, I would kill the power grid.
  We'd go feral in two weeks.
  It would be chaos in two weeks.
  As soon as people don't have water and food, and their children are starving, people go crazy.
  They start eating dogs, they start shooting deer in their neighborhood, and then that runs out, and they realize they don't know how to keep food good.
  You know, when it's hot out, they don't know how to get water, they don't know how to treat water.
  It could get real bad, real quick.
  We are not self-sufficient, even remotely.
  There's small pockets of human beings in this country that are self-sufficient, but if you had to guess how many people could survive off-grid if everything went haywire, it's like 1%.
  Which is probably what happens when there's a massive catastrophe, when some sort of a global catastrophic event, like a super volcano or something along those lines.
  Another younger, driest situation.
  Yeah, it's probably 1% of the people survive.
  It's probably what happened back then, too.
  Yeah.
   Well, that's what I've always said, is the reason why if you go back Look at like ancient Egypt.
  Look at how insanely sophisticated they were.
   And if you subscribe to the Graham Hancock and Randall Carlson's perspective, which I do, which is that at one point in time, there was an incredibly sophisticated society, probably more sophisticated than we are, that lived in Africa, in Egypt, and that those people were probably in a different That's Joe Rogan.
  That's powerful.
  And I know Joe.
  Very well.
  Okay?
   day and then they were wiped out and then go after that so if you're talking
   about 11,000 years ago 11,800 years ago when they got wiped out and that just
   you know we're down like 1% of the population think about what history
   looks like when you go back 4,000 years 3,000 it's barbarians that's Joe Rogan
   that's powerful and I know Joe very well okay extremely well that's some parties in Vegas other places
   that were like to hangover
  I mean, for a long time ago.
  And he's real.
  And then people are like, oh no, he's not real because he's popular.
  No, freedom's popular.
  I know, I'm for real.
  So other people like Elon Musk are going to see that.
  They're going to come our direction.
  For whatever reason, we've got to be ready to win.
  Here's David Icke about the interview coming up in about 30 minutes.
  Hello everybody.
  Tonight, 6pm UK, I'll be talking live with Alex Jones in the United States about my views, been quite controversial, but that's a change, isn't it?
   About the way the, what I call the mainstream alternative media, the MAM, has been eulogising and not questioning in the way that it would have done before The actions, activities and companies and agenda of Elon Musk.
  Apparently, there's a chance, we'll see, of Elon Musk coming on, which I will be absolutely delighted about.
  But otherwise, we're going to be knocking this subject around.
  And it's something that has to be debated.
  Because the alternative media is being neutered currently, and it has to stop.
  Alright, now we're going to put a Spaces out in the last half of the Ike interview just for Elon to call him if he wants.
  He does that.
  Two words.
  Nitric boost.
   Ladies and gentlemen, This product, without us even promoting it, has become one of our top three because people get it and it blows them away.
  The health, the energy, the immune system, the bedroom department.
  What it does with the vasodilation alone, not to mention the immune system, exercise performance, you name it.
  It's incredible.
  And the product is now back in stock at InfoWarStore.com for 40% off.
  Secure your bottle now of Nitric Boost at InfoWarStore.com.
   And it funds the M4, which is an added Bonus.
  Nitric Boost.
  40% off.
  In stock.
  Ready to ship.
  Infowarstore.com.
  Nitric Boost.
  Thank you all for your support, and you need this product.
  For months when you were asked about your age, you would respond with the words, watch me.
  Many American people have been watching and they have expressed concerns about your age.
  That is your judgment.
  That is not the judgment of the press.
  They express concerns about your mental acuity.
  They say that you are too old.
  Mr. President, in December, you told me that you believe there are many other Democrats who could defeat Donald Trump.
  So why does it have to be you now?
  What is your answer to that question?
  Because I'm the most qualified person in this country to be President of the United States and finish the job I started.
  As you know, initially, the President of Mexico, Sisi, did not want to open up the gate to allow humanitarian material to get in.
  I talked to him.
  I convinced him to open the gate.
  I talked to Bibi to open the gate on the Israeli side.
  He didn't just get a name wrong, folks.
  He said Mexico, which is Egypt in his mind, and the other side of the world, in the Middle East, we're in North America, wouldn't let the Palestinians in.
  And he has bigger gaps than that every day.
   I mean he is Everybody knows you leave milk in the refrigerator too long, expiration date, you smell it or you taste it, you spit it out, you throw it away.
  But have you ever had like a hunting cabin or something, you haven't been in it in six months, you leave a gallon of milk in there and you come back and it's just solid matter.
  It's turned into yogurt, it's totally rotten.
  That's Biden.
  He's like two-year-old milk.
   And so Roger Stone's the first person, two plus years ago, The first to say they're going to remove him in 2024 at the DNC and replace him with Big Mike.
  A.K.A.
  Michelle Obama.
  Big Daddy.
  And now CNN, Fox News, I'm not going to play the clips, you see it all over the news, New York Post, they say no.
  They're going to remove him and they're saying will he even last to the convention.
  So they're now admitting, oh he'll be removed to the convention.
  And you've got the FBI not charging him, the Justice Department not charging him, but admitting he's guilty of illegally having documents.
  His vice president had no right to do that.
  But Trump's still charged when he can legally have them.
  This is next level hypocrisy.
  So every time they charge him for something he didn't do, or have a show trial without even a jury, or tell the jury he's already guilty, he goes up five points.
  So I guess he's gonna go up more now that he's charged for legally having documents, but Biden, they say, had them illegally, but since his brain is Swiss cheese, he can't.
  So Trump confidant, Richard Nixon confidant, literal living political legend, and he's a political fossil, but doesn't look like one, he's in better shape than me, damn it, I'm jealous, and better dressed, is my good friend Roger Stone.
  Roger, this is not a boring time to be alive, is it?
  No, Alex, this is actually one of the most tumultuous weeks I've ever seen in American politics.
  I think yesterday, late yesterday, was a flashpoint.
  Let's be very clear about what exactly what happened.
   special counsel, Robert Herr, who was appointed by Merrick Garland, who is Joe Biden's attorney
   general, released a report in which he essentially said, firstly, that Biden did in fact illegally
   retain classified and top secret documents and notebooks in violation of the law.
  They found them strewn throughout his house.
  This is an additional to the tranche of documents.
  They found in two places in his garage.
   So we've established that he broke the law, but then go on to say essentially that he
   cannot be prosecuted because in their opinion, a jury would find him not guilty based on his
  essentially his mental incapacity.
  They don't say it in those exact words, but they basically say that he's old, that he's confused and so on.
  So now Biden comes out charging out of the gate, attacking the press.
   His counsel puts out a statement attacking his own Justice Department.
  Joe cannot have it both ways.
  He cannot avoid prosecution because he's not mentally capable of standing trial at the same time saying, reelect me.
  Let's keep my fingers on the nuclear codes.
  This is the beginning of the end.
  It's going to be impossible to sweep this under the carpet.
  And as you point out, Alex, he did more damage yesterday in his response.
  He hurt himself in his response.
  Well, people say Alex Jones as a crystal ball, but buddy, I've learned to not roll my eyes at you because everything you say comes true, but how the hell did you at least two and a half years ago say they'll remove him in 2024?
  And I said, well, maybe earlier.
  He said, you said no.
  And you've been on the air.
  Like a parrot saying that, and now it's all over the news, the Democrats admit it, the Republicans admit it, and you're not getting any of the credit.
  And it's not really about credit, but that's who I want on the show, is people that are almost always right or always right, instead of the mainstream media that's always wrong.
  Well, going all the way back to the time that I was proud to do a show at InfoWars, The War Room, which I proudly co-hosted with my friend Owen Schroyer, the whole point of InfoWars is tomorrow's news today.
  First of all, one needs to understand the character of Joe Biden.
  You may remember perhaps a year and a half ago, maybe longer, when Senator Lindsey Graham said, well, even if you disagree with Joe politically, you got to admit he's a nice guy.
  Actually, nobody I know who knows him thinks he's a nice guy.
   People think that he is a nasty, self-centered, egotistical prick that has never been popular among his own Democratic colleagues in the Senate, and he's Really delusional in the sense that he thinks he's a Kennedy, he thinks that this is his birthright.
  He's very, very, very stubborn.
  And I think you saw that yesterday, but let's be very clear.
  He and his fake doctor wife think that they are actually in charge and not Obama and that he's gonna go kicking and screaming and that's gonna be the crisis that they would then start the indictments of his son and the pressure.
  Everything you said to the letter, like you wrote the symphony, is now happening.
  Alex, I can't disagree, but let's look at yesterday for a second.
   First of all, the report makes clear Uh, that, uh, that he could not remember when he was Vice President, that he could not remember the date of his son's death.
  He has variously said his son died in combat or died in the service.
  His son died of a brain tumor, uh, in Delaware when he was the Attorney General.
  God rest his soul.
  He goes on about a rosary that he's worn since his son's death, then he couldn't remember where he got the rosary started to.
  He said, well, Our Lady of... and he stops.
  As you correctly point out, he identifies the president of Egypt as the president of Mexico.
  In the actual report, he doesn't remember when he was vice president.
  He also refers repeatedly to Kamala Harris as President Harris.
  So, if anything, this has accelerated the process of his removal.
  It's interesting that just in the last couple weeks, we have read credible reports that Joe Biden wanted to dump Kamala Harris as his running mate.
  But what I see as a growing possibility, Alex, is a removal of Joe Biden under the 25th Amendment.
  Remember, Trump said that when they floated it against him in his last few months in office when they stole the election in 2020.
  He said two words, you know, 25th Amendment, Biden.
  Remember that clip?
  Yes, I do.
  It turns out to be precinct.
  I mean, let's talk about how that works.
  So the 25th Amendment allows for the removal of an elected president for reasons of mental incapacity.
  And all it requires is a majority of the cabinet plus the support of the vice president.
  Well, would Kamala Harris like to be president?
  You know that she would.
  Does she not want to get dealt out in this shuffle with Michelle Obama and the Obamas?
  You can bet on that as well.
  Plus, she can't be very happy about the story she read 10 days ago saying that Joe Biden was planning to replace her with Gretchen Whitmer, the governor of Michigan.
  So, I really think that a 25th amendment scenario here is increasingly likely.
  Joe Biden can no longer pretend that the emperor is wearing clothes, and he can't have it both ways.
  He should be prosecuted for his illegal retention.
  Remember, vice presidents are not allowed to retain any documents.
  These are from his time as vice president, also from his time as a U.S.
  senator, and then argue in the next breath that he's fit enough to control the nuclear codes.
  Remember how much trouble Sandy Berger got for sticking one secret document in his sock.
  So the law is very clear.
  So how do they, I guess they don't care, but this shows a total two-tiered justice system where Trump is, again, been indicted.
  I'm talking about more indictments in New Jersey, but of course in Miami by Jack Smith, the U.N.
  prosecutor.
  It's so obvious.
  It's just another time where it shows everybody that Joe Biden's above the law.
  Uh, you know, does it matter?
  I think it matters to voters, and that's the important thing.
  The people can see this.
  I mean, the mainstream media covered that, that disaster of a press conference last night.
  I haven't seen anything like that since Richard Nixon angrily said, I'm finished with politics, you won't have Nixon to kick around anymore.
   It was one of those I was about to say, that's what they claim Putin does, is control all the press, and he does to a great extent.
  But he's saying, oh, I speak for the press, I tell you what the press believes.
   He says that's your opinion, that's not the opinion of the press.
   Well, I think ultimately it will be the opinion of the people.
  This guy kind of shows it every week.
   I was about to say, that's what they claim Putin does is control all the press, and he
  does to a great extent.
   But he's saying, oh I speak for the press, I tell you what the press believes.
  I mean it was a very dictatorial comment.
  Yeah, it was a very, very telling moment.
  Again, let's look at the process.
  This will become much easier, of course, if they do remove Joe under the 25th Amendment.
  They might let him stay as president and agree not to remove him on the condition that he drop his plans for re-election.
  That allows them to do the Great Switch, which we've talked about.
  The rules for the Democratic National Convention are very different than the Republicans.
  You have this large block of superdelegates who are most definitely controlled by Barack Obama.
  They're elected officials, party officials, and so on.
  I see them taking Biden right up to the convention.
  They've cleared the field so that he can continue to win delegates.
  By the way, smashing victory by Donald Trump yesterday in Nevada.
  Some will say, well, he was unopposed.
  Look at the turnout numbers.
  They were 16 percent.
  So what's going on with bird brain?
  Well, we'd have to figure out why Nikki Haley's in this race.
  If she's in this race to Hector and Badger Donald Trump on the hopes of getting on the ticket, that's just not going to happen.
  The days when you saw balance in the party or geographic balance, those days are over.
  Trump needs a solid America first, make America great.
  Sure, well the Washington Post said it's in case they kill him or he dies.
  That's what they said.
  Well, and I think that's why Governor DeSantis is now suddenly pop up talking about all kinds of federal issues.
  He's talking about term limits, talking about constitutional amendment for a balanced budget.
  I wish he would stick to his knitting in Florida.
  We have an insurance crisis.
  We have a utility rate crisis.
  We have a growing crime crisis.
  But he's letting everybody know that he's standing by equipment.
  Again, I don't think anything is going to deny Donald Trump this nomination.
  So Nikki Haley's either hanging out for one of two reasons.
  One, because she thinks she can euchre her way onto the ticket.
  That's not going to happen.
  I guarantee you that.
  Or she is there as a puppet for the Uniparty on the theory that her attacks on Donald Trump are helpful to Joe Biden or whoever it is they replaced Joe Biden with.
  All right, Roger, you've got the floor here for your predictions on what you think Trump should do.
  Well, I mean, I actually think this plays directly into his hands.
  I mean, we're wrangling with the special counsel in both Florida and in D.C.
  In Florida, I'm not an attorney, as you know, but it appears to me they want him to stay in trial for the retention of certain documents, but they won't tell him or the American people what those documents are or what they regard.
   I don't know how That cannot look unfair to the American people.
  And additionally now, he has the additional argument that Joe Biden, by the words of his own Justice Department, violated the law.
  By the way, this idea that Biden cooperated and Trump didn't, that's contradicted in Mr. Herr's report as well.
  He did not cooperate.
   They searched his house without his approval, seizing these notebooks that I guess he has somewhere under his television set.
  So everything we've been told that Biden's case is not as serious because he cooperated, that's all nonsense.
  So I think this has handed Donald Trump a golden opportunity yet again to drive the point home that he is the target of a malicious, politically motivated prosecution in both Florida and D.C.
  Big, big decisions before the Supreme Court.
   I thought Trump's attorneys did a good job on the issue of ballot access, the so-called Colorado case, which really is going to set the pace for all of these illicit, anti-democratic, autocratic efforts to get Trump off the ballot because he is Engaged in insurrection.
  According to what court?
  That's a subjective opinion from some leftists.
  I think he's going to win that issue.
  I'm more concerned about the question of presidential immunity.
  I'm less confident about that.
  But I will also make this point.
  If they decide that Trump does not have immunity for his acts as president, well then Barack Obama can be sued for the drone killing of U.S.
  citizens.
  He can be sued for illegal surveillance of the communications of James Rosen when he was at Fox, or Tucker Carlson when he was contemplating going to Russia, and I think more recently.
  And those are just some of the minor crimes.
  I mean, if they do away with immunity for the President, they're going to hamper all past Presidents who can still be sued if they're living, and all future Presidents who have to act in the national interest.
  All right, Roger, I would be remiss if I didn't talk about the Tucker Carlson interview.
  It's obviously bigger than Carlson, bigger than Putin.
  It's about trying to stop World War III, and it's about the war against the press, and the idea that Tucker couldn't go interview whoever he wants.
  They're calling for him to be indicted for the Espionage Act.
  All of this.
  And then I watched the whole thing last night, watched part of it.
  Again, this morning, but all the other news is so pressing, I'm going to cover it more on a special Saturday show and Sunday and Monday.
  I mean, it's so big, we need to unpack it all.
  But we saw a real intellect, no matter what you think about Putin, he's obviously a strong man and doesn't play games, that is in charge of a country.
  The fifth largest economy in the world, the largest nuclear power, and that Tucker asked some pretty tough questions, too, about, hey, you need to release that Wall Street Journal journalist right now.
  I expect to take him home with me.
  I mean, Tucker said, no, don't you debate that he's a hostage.
  And Putin at first said, well, he's an agent.
  Well, OK, we'll probably release him.
  So you can see the respect they mean.
  Nobody talks to Putin like that, but they know he's so real.
  And the Russians kept saying, we just want into the West.
  We just want to make money with you.
  We don't want to be communists anymore.
  And he used all the examples of NATO and how they tried to enter NATO and all of this.
  And I mean, I think the interview was so intellectual.
  It's already gotten hundreds of millions of views on Exelon.
  It'll get a billion views by the time it's all done.
  One way or another, the clips will get tens of billions of views.
  This was one of the biggest interviews ever.
  This was like moon landing level coverage.
  I mean, if the left would have not attacked it, it wouldn't have gotten the views.
  Again, the power structure has inherited American greatness.
  I mean, you worked with all these really smart, and the IQs were higher, people were harder working.
  I mean, you worked around Nixon, who was really the president and the master of statecraft.
  And then I look at people today, especially the Democrats, they are mental midgets who've inherited all this power and they're so dangerous.
  And Tucker brought that up.
  Then you see this incredibly competent, shrewd Putin, the complete opposite of Biden.
  And it's just, it was just an incredible illustration.
  That's my take.
  What is your take?
  Well, first of all, it was fascinating.
  Obviously, Putin, he's got the cold, steely eyes of a killer, clearly in command of the facts, an interesting sense of humor, pushed back several times.
  He detailed the treachery of dealing with the United States under George H.W.
  Bush, who basically said, I had a great relationship with him, except for he lied to me.
  His frustration with what he thought would happen after the fall of the Iron Curtain.
  I was thinking, as I watched this, how disappointed Nixon would have been because we had an opportunity to achieve a real lasting peace.
  We clearly had an opportunity to have a missile defense system that might have protected us from Islamic maniacs, but the Russians clearly seemed to be repelled.
  What's laughable, Alex, is this guy John Kirby, who was the spokesman for the Defense Department, urging people not to watch.
  I mean, can you imagine not to watch?
  Well, number one, doesn't he know when you tell your kids, like your dad says, don't get in my playboys, the first thing you do when he goes to play golf is get in the playboys?
  Yeah, exactly.
   So in this particular case, he says, Don't watch him, Vladimir Putin is not credible.
  Well, sadly, based on what we know, Mr. Putin is substantially more credible than John Kirby.
  Just days ago, the people in this administration were telling us that our southern border was secure, just for an example.
  So you're right, there's a huge amount there.
  It's 127 minutes.
  I watched every bit of it.
  It's very interesting how hysterical the left is.
  Just based on the idea that people will be exposed to Putin's arguments.
  It shows they've lost control and others signed them.
  They're totally dead.
  How would a genius of Putin level, I mean, how would Nixon, if he was president today, how would Richard Nixon deal with Putin?
  I think he would see opportunity for both peace and prosperity for both our countries.
  I mean, these people have the nuclear bomb and you can't just keep brushing them off and lying to them.
   I thought that historical beginning, which I thought in the beginning might just be stonewalling, Well, he laid that out for a specific reason.
  I think we've missed a classic opportunity.
  I still, I don't have the benign view of China that he does.
  I think China... You know, I agree.
  That was the biggest thing.
  It's this Yeezy pink thing.
  And Russia's never trusted China, but now they're having to work with him because of the war.
  But absolutely, Putin basically said, we're 1,100 years old, man.
  We're not communist.
  That's a very good summation of the arguments.
   Ukraine away and he explained all that. He was like dude we're not communists. He
   said we're Orthodox Christians, we're having a bunch of babies, we want to make
   money, leave us alone. That's a very good summation of the arguments. I kind of
   think it's funny that no one called for the prosecution of George Stephanopoulos
  when he interviewed Putin.
  Nobody called for the prosecution of Mike Wallace when he interviewed Putin.
  Nobody called for the prosecution of Barbara Walters when she interviewed Putin.
  He's the same guy then as he was now.
  Roger, I know you gotta go, but I gotta go to break.
  Can you hold until five averages to finish up with how you think they're gonna move against Trump next?
  And then also tell us where to find your show.
  Sure, absolutely.
  We're going to break in two minutes, but I got to do this or we won't be here.
  Plus, it's great news.
  Ladies and gentlemen, sold out for five months.
  The number one strongest turmeric in the world.
  Body's ultimate turmeric formula is back in stock.
  Let me explain something.
  My wife played a lot of sports, a lot of tennis, a lot of everything.
  She's in great shape, but her hip hurts from it.
  And I told her like four years ago, I said, just take Body's.
  And she looked at the back and she said, well, I take turmeric.
  I got to take like four horse pills, which make my hip stop hurting.
  But you're saying I only got to take two of these.
  And I said, just take it for a week.
  She's addicted to it.
  She said, why does it work so much better?
  I said, because they make you just call it turmeric.
  It's turmeric concentrate.
  It's 95% curcuminoid.
  We went to the top lab and said, what's the strongest you put out?
  They said like 87%.
  Most companies put out raw turmeric, it's 5%, 4%.
  This is 95% curcuminoid, okay?
  So this is like, I guess the example's like, instead of eating, you have to eat like 10 of those other pills just to get what is in one of these.
  And it's got some other key ingredients in it that the experts say helps upload the turmeric, it's anti-inflammatory.
  It's good for your heart, your brain, everything.
  It is 40% off, back in stock.
  BODY'S Ultimate Turmeric Formula.
  Infowarstore.com.
  The all-time fan classic BODY'S.
  40% off, back in stock.
  And...
  Even made stronger, new and improved, and we got it with a bigger manufacturer, so we can discount it too.
  That's right, ladies and gentlemen, we have Nitric Boost.
  It cleans out the blood, the heart, goes up to spike proteins, everything.
  Dr. Minkiewicz is talking about this for 40% off as well.
  And this is selling out, but despite that, it's still 30% off.
  It's next level foundational energy, the methylfolate, the key compound of other ingredients that clean out your cells and that are the main energy source.
  Popeye takes spinach.
  That's why it's so strong.
  What's in that?
  Folic acid.
  This is the breakdown concentrate of folic acid after the cells break it down.
   So this just goes right in there like nitrous oxide in a race car, okay?
   So you go from 800 horsepower to 1500 horsepower when you turn on the nitrous.
  I can't even take this, okay?
  Okay, I turn into a psychotic goblin.
   Okay, but I'm just telling you right now, you want next level financial energy,
  get it, infowarestore.com.
  Roger, we're coming right back to you.
  What's the best website for you, stonezone.com?
  Stonezone.com, absolutely.
  Wow, look at that amazing individual right there.
  That's a survivor, that's a fighter, that's a maverick.
  I have the coolest job.
  I know all the cool people, man.
  Tucker Carlson, Roger Stone, Joe Rogan, everybody else.
  Wow, I love my job!
  And I get to know all of you!
  We'll be right back in two minutes with Roger Stone, then David Icke.
  The enemies of humanity have been very good at dividing and conquering us.
  But if we simply start thinking about things according to the definition of, is it pro-human or is it anti-human, we start to win.
  And that's why I had the idea for Team Humanity.
  I brought it up to Elon Musk.
  He loved the idea.
  What would you call the debates and discussions about a pro-human future?
  Just Team Humanity?
  Yeah, Team Humanity.
  Absolutely.
  And so we have the t-shirt.
  Team Humanity with a nuclear family standing against the globalists.
  This shirt is a great conversation starter, but it also is a fundraiser to keep InfoWars on the air so we can promote and support Team Humanity.
  I want to thank you all for your past support, but I want to encourage you all now to understand that this is a revolution against the globalists, and it is so critical now to signal the fact that you are part of Team Humanity.
  We're told humans are the problem.
  We're told we're killing the Earth.
  We're told all this garbage, so we hate ourselves and stand down and roll over and die.
  We're not going to do that.
  In the last nine years, Putin has told the West and NATO hundreds of times, face-to-face, at every major meeting, I'm going to invade Ukraine if you continue to push out the Russians and move weapons in and have them join NATO.
  Because that is not Russia's doorstep.
  That's where Russia was born.
  And Putin gave it a history lesson on airstrike.
  I predicted he'd do that.
  I nailed it, didn't I?
  First hour.
  I did a little 10-minute history lesson myself, so you'll probably hear this, because that's what Putin's trying to explain to people.
  And the same globalist arrogance now, they've lost Ukraine, Ukraine's defeated, they're getting ready to get rid of Zelensky, but they keep doubling down.
   So on politics, as positive things are, as strong as Trump is, They just keep escalating.
  So what do you expect next for them to throw at Trump?
  And what can we do to protect President Trump?
  I know a big thing is he's run out of money when it comes to his campaign.
  And the media is giggling and laughing about that.
  So just because he's ahead doesn't mean he doesn't need support and donations.
  I think we can't get overconfident here is what I'm saying.
  Roger, what do you think?
  Alex, I totally agree with that.
  One of the things that surprised me in these court proceedings over the last 10 days, as you know, former Attorney General Ed Meese, who was Ronald Reagan's Attorney General, had filed an amicus brief with the U.S.
  Supreme Court saying that the appointment of Jack Smith was illegal under the Appointments Clause because he was not a sitting U.S.
  attorney and because his appointment was never approved by the U.S.
  Senate.
  I'm very familiar with this argument.
  One of the witnesses in the case against me, who did not want to testify, raised this argument.
  The trial judge in D.C.
  denied it.
  It went to the D.C.
  Court of Appeals.
  It was denied a second time.
  I think wrongly decided, but a politically charged case, as you will remember.
   What I don't understand is Why Trump's lawyers have not raised this issue in any jurisdiction in fact the court Specifically asked a Trump's lawyer to be prepared to comment on that issue based I guess solely on the me so that's totals.
  That's total sabotage I mean seriously so many Trump lawyers have been indicted I think there's people who don't know the law when the judge asked I want you to brief me on this That's what you do that.
  That's like first grade level understanding to not do that.
   I mean that this is insane Well, look, it is possible that there's some strategy here.
  I'm not a lawyer, but it would seem to me it's a legitimate action, could certainly be filed in the Florida case.
  Excellent piece online about this by a couple of non-Trump loving college law...
  Trump is at the top of his game, both politically and personally.
  He knows he's winning.
   Trump, but make a compelling case over the actual underlying legal issues.
   Trump is at the top of his game, both politically and personally.
  He knows he's winning.
   He knows that the more the underlying issues surrounding this disastrous war in Ukraine
   unfold, the more the two-tier justice system vis-a-vis how he's treated compared to Joe
  Biden and the retention.
  All these things work to his advantages.
  Alex, obviously I pray for his personal safety.
  And yes, I agree with you.
  There's no limit to what those globalists will do to try to hold on to power.
  But I have a feeling that God is going to answer our prayers.
  I have a feeling that Donald Trump is going to be back in the White House.
  I have a feeling that he's going to ride to the rescue and save this country.
  People should support him.
  Go to DonaldJTrump.com.
  DonaldJTrump.com.
  You can make a contribution.
  If you don't want to use your credit card because you don't trust the internet, you can mail him a check.
  But yes, his campaign needs money.
  The Wall Street types, the billionaires, the millionaires, they're not for Donald Trump.
   He has to rely on the same people who go to the People asked if he's real.
  He's getting on average like $50 donations and Haley's getting, you know, $100,000 donations.
  She's with the New World Order, he's not.
  That is exactly right.
  So the average person, the small business person, man or woman, Trump needs your support.
  Go to DonaldJTrump.com and then go to the Infowars store because this nitrous boost stuff is unbelievable.
  Roger, we love you.
  We'll talk to you soon.
  Godspeed.
  You just get better and better.
  Many thanks, Alex.
  God bless you.
  That is a political badass, folks.
   That's why they attacked him, because he's one of our best brains.
  That's the field marshal right there.
  See you, buddy.
  All right.
  David Ike coming up.
  I love him.
  But he says, "I'm a minion now."
  We'll be right back.
  Stay with us.
  All right.
   I've been wanting to get him on for months, and we've got him, best-selling author, former
   top BBC broadcaster, former head of the Green Party, but better known, the last 35 years
   since he got thunderstruck with a vision of the coming New World Order.
  I really respect him.
  I know he's a great guy.
  David Icke is here with us and I think he serves a great purpose, you know, being kind of the counterbalance to Elon Musk and the things he's been doing.
   But I'll be honest, I see Elon moving, you know, if he was pointed towards the new world order
  five years ago, I see moving rapidly, you know, in a 180.
   And so I'm positive for the good changes happening and how it's helping accelerate the awakening.
   I'm not gonna turn the lights off and turn my back on Elon Musk.
   But that said, I don't think it's fair when David comes up with this term,
   the mainstream alternative media or MAM, or minions of Elon Musk.
  I'm also not looking to gift horse in the mouth.
  I'm not censoring a damn thing I say.
  I'm more hardcore than I've ever been.
  And you got Joe Rogan coming out saying Alex Jones is right about everything.
  New world order with Aaron Rodgers.
  We gotta stop him.
  I mean, I know Joe for 25 years.
  I know he's not an operative.
  He is waking up completely.
  Just like David Icke did 35 years ago.
  And so that's where I'm at on this, and I turned down the $10 million a year contracts and the book deals to be the new Rush Limbaugh, Roger Ailes, Fox News shows, because they were straight up, you're going to work for us now, you're going to do what we say.
  No.
  But if somebody says, here, you're banned off this, and now you can counter, everybody's been attacking you.
  Then I mean, I'm going to use it.
  OK, now that doesn't mean I'm going to put my knee pads on and, you know, give Elon Musk a blowjob.
  So I'm going to let you run with this.
  And I don't really want to have a debate.
  I called it a debate because that makes it more interesting.
  But a thought provoking discussion.
  But I will say, David, I admire you.
  And while you're criticizing me and I get your daughter died, I'm so sorry for that.
  What a beautiful creature.
  But she's still alive.
  We all know that she's transcended.
  And we'll all, you know, interface with her completely soon.
  But.
  And beautiful stuff you've done.
  I retweeted it.
  And I'm sending emails and I get it.
  It went in your spam.
  That happens to me too as part of the censorship.
  It's one of the biggest areas is those spam blockers.
  And then I'm trying to get you on saying, hey, I don't think this while I'm being called this minion thing.
  It's a little hurtful.
  I'm not mad at you.
  I respect you as a friend.
  I love you.
  But and I know that's mutual.
  You know, I'm real, but I've not been seduced by the dark side.
  I'm not dancing to the fiddle of Elon Musk.
  Go ahead, sir.
  Right.
  Well, first of all, I'm not saying that people shouldn't use TwitterX.
  Of course they should use it.
  I use it.
  It's a vehicle at the moment, for as long as it lasts, to get information out.
  An M in MAM doesn't stand for Minion.
  It stands for Mainstream.
  And there has become a mainstream alternative media, which has dominated the airwaves, if you like.
  And if we could just start before we get into Musk, one of the things that I've observed, and that is that when I started out, there was no alternative media, just one or two people.
  And I watched the alternative media emerge.
   And although, you know, it was still seeing left and right to a certain extent, There was a lot of streetwise people who were realizing that left and right is a puppet show and that the real decisions that are working through left and right are being made by deeper levels than the left-right political level, what I call the global cult.
  And creating a dialectic where they play the two sides of golf against, which you pioneered exposing.
  Yeah, but one of the expressions of the global cult, a level down, is what people call the deep state.
   So, when you look at a situation, maybe we can get into elements of the Putin interview in regard to this later, you see At the left and right level, we're left, they're the liberals, we're against the liberals.
  But you go a step deeper into the rabbit hole, into the web, to the cult level, and what appears to be the situation here can be very different here.
   And what I've noticed, particularly since COVID, is that this, what I call mainstream of the alternative media, that gets all the numbers basically, has regressed back into this left-right paradigm.
  So if you look at the Putin interview, and there was a lot that I agreed with, I've been pointing out for years and years and years that NATO was poking him in the chest to get him to invade Ukraine.
   But if you look at it from this level, you've got a Putin interview With Tucker Carlson.
  And the response is, look, the liberals don't want it!
  Look at the liberals!
  Hey, it's great, innit?
  But go deeper and look at the bigger agenda.
  And that is the dismantling of Western society and the dismantling of Western power in the world.
  That's why they've put a moron in the White House for the last four bloody years or whatever it is.
  Three years.
  And that's why they've opened the southern border.
  That's why they've opened the borders to Europe.
  Because they are dismantling Western culture.
  And what is happening is the power in the world is moving eastward.
  It's moving to China, and it's moving to their alliance with Russia, and the East in general, and Iran's part of that as well, and the BRICS.
  And the globalists have to know their policies are doing that.
  And just to be fair then, let's interject here, and I'm not the apologist for Elon Musk here, but what I'm saying is, he's come out massively against the open borders, says it's to destroy Western culture as well.
  He sounds like David Icke and Alex Jones.
  Yeah, yeah, but it's easy to, words are easier telling you what you want to hear, mate.
  I'll get more into Musk as we go along, the questions that are not being asked that should be.
  But anyway, what I'm saying is that you've got this movement eastward in terms of power, quite demonstrably, that's what the BRICS thing is all about.
  And so over a period of time, because you're coming from this cult level, not left and right, the cult level that works through left and right.
  Over this period, this cult has been orchestrating the transfer of global production massively out of America, American corporations and American jobs, and Europe too, into China and the East, to give them power over the supply chain in so many areas, even basic things.
  And Taiwan is this real global center for things like superconductors and what-have-you.
  Mainly the chips for AI are almost all made there.
  Yeah, so if China gets that, and that's the plan in the end, then they completely dominate global society in so many ways.
   And so, if you look at the Putin interview, And you look at it not from left, right, or the liberals don't like it.
  You look at the cult level.
  It suits the cult that the pushbackers in America and Europe and the West in general see Putin as some kind of hero.
   Because what was he doing in the In the interview with Tucker Carlson, he was pushing China.
  You shouldn't not stop negotiating with China.
  Oh, China's foreign policy is not aggressive.
  You tell the people of Africa and South America that it's not aggressive.
  So it suits that cult level for Putin to be a hero.
   I'm not saying he didn't say some right things about Ukraine.
  I'm saying... By the way, David, I totally agree with you, and that was the big area, was him saying America's been surpassed, China's the way to go, Xi Jinping's not expansitory, but we know that the globalists set up communist China, put them in power in 49, transferred all the stuff to them.
  Now, nine years ago, they claimed there was a split, and this is all going on.
  Take us to the end of your extrapolation, because I respect your view.
   So what you've got, as I've said so many times, China is the blueprint for the world.
  What's happening in China in terms of control and suppression and the digital concentration... It's the model.
  It's the model and that was set up to be the model.
  So what I'm saying is, you know, if you look at it at left and right, then you can see it a certain way and most people have.
   But if you look at it from this cult big picture level, then what you have is the pushbackers of the West, that kind of seeing Putin as some kind of hero, when he's absolutely in bed with the Chinese, that the pushback is a danger.
  So, what people need to- And Putin, and Putin, and- we're having a discussion here.
  Usually I have you on, you just run because I love hearing you, but I want to add some things.
  We have Putin praising Elon Musk, saying he's an amazing, wonderful person, and Elon won't talk about China.
  I was waiting for you to bring that up.
  That's the one big thing I see Elon is up to there.
  You talk about Neuralink too, but it's the China thing.
  Yeah, well, we can get into Musk as we go along, but the point I'm making here is that the power is moving east, and the more that... Sure, but my point is, David, you say it wasn't Minion.
  I know MAM means, you know, mainstream alternative media, but there were little comments.
  I don't have the tweets in front of me, the X things, but it was like little groveling people to the... Let me just finish.
  You're here exposing, hey, I'm talking about Elon being with China and Putin too, so I'm doing this every day just like you are.
  So when you say that, oh, I'm changing, because you put my name on there, I'm trying to be straight up with you, when you're saying I'm changing what I'm saying, I don't think you're tuning in because I'm saying the same stuff you're saying, buddy, and I agree with you.
  Alex, it's not about you, mate, and it's not about me.
  It's about what the hell is happening in the world.
  And that's the point I'm making.
   Now, if we move to Elon Musk, the thing that I've been observing is that so many things that he would have been questioned about You know, let's personalize this.
  I'm talking about the mainstream alternative media in general.
  Before he took over Twitter, turned it into X, the same things are not being questioned in the same way.
   I mean, you know, the foundation of human control, where we're going, is connecting the human brain to artificial intelligence, not least via the cloud, the electromagnetic cloud of 5G, 6G, 7G to come, which is being generated by the towers.
  But fundamentally, if you want it global, it's being generated by low orbit satellites.
  Now, without this cloud, this agenda cannot happen.
  This is the cloud that Ray Kurzweil at Google talks about where he said that the human brain is going to be connected to the cloud, artificial intelligence, and then he says artificial intelligence will do more and more of human thinking until human thinking as we know it is basically negligible.
  So this cloud is fundamental.
  And SpaceX, Elon Musk's SpaceX, is leading the way in putting up low-orbit satellites to beam this stuff at the Earth.
   And so the question is, if you are against this New World Order, This human control system and hive mind, why are you facilitating it and bragging about it in posts on Twitter X that you're putting these low orbit satellites up there?
   And you know, if Elon Musk is such a rebel, such a threat to the system, how come that SpaceX gets all these contracts, the massive amounts of money, From people like NASA and the Pentagon.
  Only a few months ago, they were awarded a contract by the Pentagon to take over and create something called Starshield, which is the military government communication system version of Starlink.
  Now, these things should be questioned.
  When Tucker Carlson interviews Elon Musk, when Joe Rogan interviews Elon Musk, they should be asking, how do you square this?
  Now, the connection to the cloud is meant to be via chipping.
  And here we have Neuralink from someone who says AI could be the end of humanity.
  It turns out more and more AI stuff, the Neuralink has just had the first human trial.
  Now, I think it's a bit of a kind of diversion because the real connection to the cloud is through nanotechnology, not least that which was in the and is in the fake vaccine.
  But it's still going down the same road of chipping.
   Okay, so David, you're a great, you're a guy that does a great job lecturing, and I agree with everything you're saying, but let me just interject, you're bringing this up.
  I'm just making my point, mate.
  You're getting about 80% of the time.
  So, all I'm saying is, and I'm not trying to be mean to you, but I actually... I don't care, mate.
  It's okay, you know, hey, we're friends, aren't we?
  I like you, you like me.
  Yeah, just go ahead with what you say.
  No, but I'm going to ask you, do you think I'm an agent of the New World Order?
  No, the point is, as I've said many times, you don't have to be.
  A knowing agent of the colour.
  What a useful idiot.
   If you have a certain mentality and you focus, for instance, on left-right politics and they're the people that get the promotion and the numbers, Then you don't have to be part of it, you just have to be... No, I agree, and I'm the guy that coined the term left-right paradigm.
  What I'm trying to say here is, if I saw the left waking up and taking on the globalists, I would support that.
  It's not a leftist thing, it's a populist awakening.
  And I see the major beachhead worldwide of populism being called right-wing.
  So that just identifies that, but I totally get what you're saying.
  But here's what I wanted to agree with you on.
  When he came out and said, we're going to put it in shopping malls and everybody's going to get brain chips five years ago, I said, look, they've already got this in government laboratories.
  Microsoft's doing it at IBM.
  He's popularizing it.
  I don't like this.
  Then he backed off that, which I thought was a terrible idea that you have brain chips to go to school.
  But if somebody is paralyzed or somebody is blind, then I think the technology is great.
  The problem is what Trojan horses will they put in?
  I just wanted to add that.
  So I'm not an apologist for Elon Musk.
  I've just been looking at all the angles of it.
  Go ahead.
  Yeah, well, as I was saying, his company Neuralink is pushing the way, at least popularizing the concept of a brain chip connecting to artificial intelligence.
  And if you connect to artificial intelligence, artificial intelligence becomes your mind.
  And then you've got another agenda.
   These are all WEF agendas, by the way, which is Autonomous vehicles, where the computer will decide where you can and cannot go, not your personal choice.
  And so you have Tesla.
  So what I'm saying is, you look at the companies and the things that are done with these that he's fronting up.
  And these need to be questioned.
  And since he took over Twitter X, in very large areas, they're ceasing to be questioned.
  I'll give you an example.
  No, I think that's fair.
  I don't want you to make your point.
  But then after you're done, because I don't want to forget this, let's just say you're completely right.
  That's why we have you here, because we're not censoring and I respect you and we really like you a lot, David.
  You're a little perturbed with me.
  Let's say he is a terrible guy.
  What is their plan with him then?
  And why are they doing this?
  Why are they having him act like he's on our side?
  That shows me we're really winning big time if they're having to send him in and try to co-op things.
  But just go ahead.
  Right.
  Well, yeah, I'll come to that in a second.
  And I want to.
  But I just want to make this point.
  There's a Dutch activist.
  I'm not picking on picking on her.
  It's just a good example.
  This is this is something that is across the board.
  There's a Dutch activist called Eva Vlaandingerbroek.
  And she did a video, I don't know, maybe just a bit over a year ago.
  And it was excellent.
  It was her speaking.
  And she said, Elon Musk is not your friend.
  He's pushing the world towards transhumanism.
  And she was right.
  Round of applause.
  But the same Eva today is, you know, like a lovesick teenager in relation to Elon Musk.
  Oh, yeah, Elon this, Elon that.
  Elon drops a tweet supporting one of hers.
  Oh, thank you, Elon.
  This is not where we should be going.
  We shouldn't be eulogizing anyone.
  We should be dispassionately, calmly looking at everything.
  So let's just look at the AI agenda.
  And how this fits in.
  You've got people, your Bill Gates's and your Klaus Schwab's, and what they're doing is going hard cell, hard cell AI, connecting AI to the human brain and human genetics.
  That's what needs to happen.
   But of course, there's a vast number Of what I call pushbackers in the United States, in Europe, in the world in general, that don't want that.
  They're not having that.
  And by the way, Bill Gates came out three months ago and said, we've got to stop the hard sell.
  He actually said that.
  Yeah, well, so along comes Elon Musk.
  And Elon Musk does the soft sell.
  He is saying, oh, I'm worried about AI, oh, it's terrible, it could be the end of humanity, and then continues to push the AI agenda.
  But it's not too bad.
   It can't be as bad because Elon's doing it and he owns Twitter and he's letting people Back on Twitter.
  And these are the things I'm saying that, you know, we've got to keep questioning these things.
  I know what you're saying.
  They did five years of total censorship and it failed.
  So they said go to plan B and bring in a co-opter to create a false dialectic of Elon on one end of freedom and the hard sellers on the other.
  And you're saying now we're missing the whole paradigm over there because they put us into a small window.
   What I'm saying is Look at the outcome.
  What is the outcome of the hard cell?
  What is the outcome of the soft cell?
  At the end of those roads is the same thing.
  Humans connected to artificial intelligence.
   And what you're trying to do is pull The people that are resisting the hard sell, you're trying to pull them in.
  Alright, stay there.
  Stay there, David.
  You're making your points, but I agree with most of what you're saying, but you've made statements and things, so I'm not bad for interjecting and bringing things up and telling you I'm saying the same thing I do.
  Good, good.
  I do the same thing I do every day.
  You're on.
  I love it.
  And that's what we're doing.
  So I'm not ma'am.
  I'm not part of ma'am.
  Let's just get that straight.
  All right.
  We got David Icahn with us.
  We'll be right back.
  We'll talk about this more.
  It's fascinating.
  Gunther in Tennessee.
  Thanks for calling, Gunther.
  Hey, Alex.
  First time caller.
  Real quick, wanted to plug your foundational energy.
  Just started taking that.
   And, boy, three pills, the recommended dose, I was bouncing off the walls.
   But I tell you, foundational is the right name for that product because I've cut down to one.
   And it's like you have a baseline of energy that you were missing before that you got back.
   So I'm glad you mentioned that because it's methylfolate, the breakdown of folic acid.
   And a lot of people, particularly Europeans, don't absorb all of the folic acid.
  So it's not a stimulant.
  It's a totally natural thing that boosts energy that's foundational.
  And was I lying to you, or did it not work?
  No, it was top notch.
  And I was actually taking Red Pill Plus before, and that's got a little folic acid in it.
  I think there was a little buildup from this, but the energy from this was no jitters.
  I mean, it's top notch.
  It's a great product.
  Well, thank you so much.
  Yeah, no, folic acid's great and it's in Real Red Pill, but some can't break it down.
  This is the breakdown of it.
  That's exactly it.
  All right, I get David Icke's point about the new Hollywood is Elon Musk.
  But the system knew they were failing and that all the independent media just a year ago had all the biggest audiences despite the censorship.
  It was failing.
  So if you go with David's argument, let's just do this for, you know, not Devil's advocate, but David Icke advocate.
  They said, okay, send in Elon Musk, and then give them limited freedom there, and then we'll be in control of the narrative again.
  If that's the truth, well, it shows the system's failing.
  And I remember you on my show, in like 2000, I mean, you've been coming on my show, the first time I interviewed you was like 1997 or something.
  But I remember you in the early 2000s saying, part of my download is, your download's been proven really accurate, so I respect you.
  But then I think you can't look at what other people are doing and with a wide net and say, oh, they've been co-opted.
  No, it's just people being positive about a breach in the wall.
  You know, whoever blew it.
  You're like, I see a global awakening.
  Starting in 2016, they try to suppress it, and then by 2025, we're going to decide where we're going.
  If we make the right decision, I'm paraphrasing it, we can beat them by 2030.
  If not, they'll still get beaten.
  I mean, that's what you were saying then.
  I can dig the clips up.
  And I don't think Trump's perfect, or anybody's perfect.
  But my point is, you nailed that.
  And I go to the grocery store, and five years ago we'd get screamed at.
  I'd shake 30, 40 hands, but I'd be screamed at two or three times.
  It's been a year and a half, I've been screamed at twice.
  And everywhere I go to pump gas or walk the dog or, you know, go anywhere, all I see is positive.
  It doesn't mean I'm perfect, but I mean, I know I'm real.
  And I just see a huge awakening happening.
  And that goes to your point, well, they're going to need to co-opt it.
  So how would they strike back?
  It'd be something like must.
  The thing is, Alex, you're kind of missing my point.
  I'm not saying there's not a global awakening.
  When I started out in 1990, you couldn't fill a phone booth.
  David, I'm not missing what you said.
  I said there's a global awakening and you're saying Musk is trying to co-opt it.
  That's what I just said.
  Okay, well, I misunderstood you then.
  But the thing is that I'm not saying there's not a global awakening.
  There is.
  But if, you know, if you are this cult and you see this happening, you want to take it into a cold... That's what I said!
  I said, are you saying that's what they see?
  Stop making it personal and let's just have a discussion about what's going on.
   So, the question then is, What happened when Elon Musk purchased Twitter?
  OK, because that was the change.
  That was the change.
  That's when so many people in the alternative media started eulogizing him instead of questioning him and exposing him, as they would have done if he hadn't bought Twitter.
  So he's bought Twitter and he puts out the Twitter files.
  And he shows that Twitter's operation, who could post and what could be posted, was basically completely controlled by the Deep State.
  And if you said to people, was Twitter controlled by the Deep State before Elon Musk, they'd say, yeah, all the Twitter files, they showed it.
  Yeah.
  OK.
  So the Deep State was in a position that was exactly what it wanted then.
  It was controlling the narrative, who could post and who couldn't, just like Facebook and YouTube and all these people.
  So my question is, why did they sell it to Musk then, who is supposed to be this free speech absolutist?
  Why would they do that?
  And then you ask, OK, so what's happened as a result?
   And what's happened as a result is exactly what I'm talking about and challenging, which is people have stopped questioning all the ways That this man is serving the agenda of the cult and the World Economic Forum etc.
  They've stopped doing it in the way they would have done had he not bought and run Twitter.
  The guy's still...
  Demanding a carbon tax.
  He wants a guaranteed income.
  All these are World Economic Forum policies.
  He's still doing it.
  He's been doing it in terms of the carbon tax going way back.
   He spoke at the Paris climate You repost stuff from a few years ago, and I'm not defending him, but he's not been promoting it now, but he has a few years ago.
  You're right.
  He needs to answer for that.
  So give us your 35,000 foot view here.
  What do you think is happening?
  Why were they forced, if you're right, to bring him in?
  And where do you think this is going?
  And how do we respond?
   Well, where it's going, in part in relation to Twitter X, ...is described by Linda Iaccarino, the CEO.
  By the way, can I interrupt you?
  Start over.
  You're right.
  I'm wrong.
  I didn't know this.
  He just, a few days ago, called for carbon tax.
  The video you put out was old.
  You're right.
  He did it.
  There it is right there, David Icke.
  That's right.
  Put it back on screen.
  Start over, David.
  Yeah, he did.
   So, Linda Iaccarino, who's got very major World Economic Forum connections, starts talking about Uh, freedom of speech, but not freedom of reach.
  What is that?
  Shadowbanning.
  That's shadowbanning.
  Shadowbanning.
  She talks about the fact that if it's lawful but awful, it's lawful!
  Who decides if it's awful?
  Oh, well, we do!
  If it's lawful but awful, then you're gonna really struggle to see it and find it.
  Now, this is not a free speech platform.
   Now, what this means is through your algorithms, You can emphasize people you want to be seen, and you want to be promoted, and you want people to follow them and think that's where it's at.
  And then those that are not, then you start shadow banning them.
  And there are many, many people who are on Twitter, decent people, who are putting stuff out, Josh Sigerson being one.
  who was clearly shadow banned by the numbers that they get.
  And so this is the start of a slippery slope.
  But the point is, it's not Elon Musk or Twitter or whatever.
   It's how that has stopped much of the alternative media that would have been calling him out
   for these services to the WF agenda, but are not doing it now.
   And the other thing that's happening in the mainstream alternative media Is that people are coming in since COVID and are now being promoted as the people we're supposed to listen to, the people that get massive audiences when they are given interviews with Tucker Carlson, people like Brett Weinstein.
  And Brett Weinstein's interviewed on Tucker Carlson as if he's some kind of expert and activist on COVID.
  And this is the man who bought every aspect of COVID virtually.
  And there's a video of him during the fake pandemic.
  Describing how he wore a scarf around his neck so he could pull it up over his face every time he answered the door.
  And now we're being told that this guy is supposed to be the COVID activist that gets the massive numbers on Tucker Carlson.
  What about all the people that were calling it out in 2020, Tucker?
  Well, I was and you were, but David, let me just stop you there.
  And I actually wrote some notes on this and I forgot the house.
  This is one of my points.
  Brett Weinstein, when he went on Tucker, admitted he was wrong and said that it's all a lie, there's a global government takeover, we're being invaded, and the borders are open, and the New World Order is real, and there's a global government... I don't know if you watched the full interview.
  I bet Tucker wants to interview you.
  My point is, I know Tucker's for real.
  Tucker is really woken up now and is a great guy.
  I mean, he's not the devil.
  Musk has this background.
  I get your points there, but just when you just sit there with a bra... I mean, don't we have to be ready to have people that were wrong wake up and join us?
  What's the problem with Brett Weinstein?
  Well, yes, we do.
  But where are the people that caught it out of the time?
  Where's their promotion?
  The ones who could see it at the start because of the research they'd done before that didn't buy it, like Brett Weinstein, because they'd done the research.
  I'll say this.
  Let me just say this.
  We're having a debate.
  No, just a second.
  You're picking up that I'm saying that Tucker Carlson is a bad person.
  I'm not saying that.
  It's what your mentality is, how much you know about the big picture, who you choose to interview or not interview, who you choose to promote and not promote, that's your choice.
  So you're trying to point this out to get people to think deeper?
  Of course I am!
  That's the whole point!
   The thing is, we're getting caught again on the left-right kind of Puppet show, vaudeville show, and not going to that step beyond it, which is where both sides are being manipulated, and seeing what that... No, I agree.
  So let me ask you this.
  Let me ask some questions.
  Let me ask some questions here, David.
  I know you can talk for 10 hours.
  We love you.
  Everybody loves you.
  Let me ask some questions here, because you teed this up.
  We've got to have some of these.
  Tell us, because I respect you.
  I think you're one of the big visionaries of our age.
  If not, the top two or three.
  Where would Musk take us if we fall for this, if you're right?
  Where do they want to take us versus what do you think we should do?
  Well, where they want to take us, both the hard sell and the soft sell, is to a connection between the human brain, the human body, and artificial intelligence.
  See, the hard sell says, this is where we must go, we should go, look at all the fantastic things, we'll be gods, says Ray Kurzweil.
  And Elon Musk says, well, I'm worried, but you know, there's no stopping it.
  So, you know, if we're not going to get left behind by artificial intelligence, we've got to have artificial intelligence connections so that we don't get left behind by artificial intelligence.
   And at the end of the day, what happens is, Humans are connected to artificial intelligence and that is something that must not happen.
  Because the moment it does, it's over.
  So let's talk good news.
  I agree.
  I'm going to shut up for five minutes.
  Hold on, David, David, David, David.
  This is a discussion and debate.
  I told you to think.
  And therefore, we must resist that at all times.
   And that means investigating and highlighting and calling out Elon Musk when he's trying to get us to go down that road just as we're calling out swab and gates for in another way telling us to go down that road.
   So you're saying Because I love when we come on the show and I always give you the floor and I give you 80% of the time, but this is more of a debate discussion here.
  So just please let me ask these questions.
  You're saying this is good cop, bad cop, with Elon Musk as the good cop and Bill Gates and Klaus Schwab as the bad cops.
  If that's right, you're talking about solutions.
  What do we do to then counter this?
  Well, we absolutely do not buy.
  um having a connection to artificial intelligence in any way shape or form.
  That's the bottom line because it's over once we do.
  Artificial intelligence will be will be doing your thinking for you.
  It will be doing your emotional responses for you.
  That's the whole idea.
  I've been writing for decades about the plan to create a hive mind which can be centrally controlled.
  And so how do they do that?
  Well, they put chips inside you, actually nanochips.
  And so, like I said earlier, in so many ways, this Neuralink thing is a diversion.
  And you get connected to the electromagnetic technologically generated cloud, which these people are creating with their low orbit satellites, Elon Musk and SpaceX being the forefront of it.
   And if that happens, and I say that self-replicating technology to connect people to the cloud was in the fake vaccines.
  Those kinds, of course there were many saline I'm sure as well, but those self-replicating systems that have been shown in the blood of people who've had the fake vaccine, that's what's supposed to connect us to the cloud.
  And every single SpaceX satellite that goes up there, and all the other companies doing it, but they're the leader, every new 5G tower and 6G, 7G tower to come, is building this cloud to which we are supposed to be connected.
  This is the bottom line.
  This is what has to be stopped.
  This is what we have to refuse to cooperate with.
   But, you know, if you get Kind of focused on the left right kind of Biden Trump stuff.
  I'm not saying people shouldn't look at that.
  Of course they should.
  But it's the big picture that's being obscured by that focus of attention.
  Alright David, I've got a million questions and I'm not trying to be mean to you.
  Just in the place of debate, you said, I'm going to stop here, you said don't make it personal.
  I'm not going to be an asshole and read these things.
   All I'm telling you is, is that I am not a minion of the system.
  I will use any avenue I can, and I see a big bandwagon waking up with the New World Order.
  I can't help but get excited.
  I do smell the double cross, and I'm going to say this.
  When they first put me on X and a little bit after, I watched that when I did certain things and exposed certain things like China and things, suddenly we weren't reaching 10 million people or 5 million people per post.
  We've been dialed back.
  And we're seeing that now that the conservatives all come in and now, I even talked to some of the biggest accounts, they're seeing it too.
  So, I think you're going in the right direction here.
  Let's talk about who you, from your research, think Elon Musk is.
  I know you say they want to connect us to AI.
  I agree, we know that.
  That's the plan.
  But I'm saying, who do you think he is?
  Why was he chosen?
  And where do you think this is going?
  And so many questions.
  The election, Russia, the wars, how are they going to, what new crisis is the globalist system going to use?
  A new virus?
  I mean, just kind of give us, we're ten minutes to break, nine minutes to break.
  I'm trying to give you the floor.
  Give us your prognosis or forecast.
  Yeah, and I will, but just let me say this in response to what you've just said.
  You can use X to get information out, knowing what it is, without describing Elon Musk as the biggest maverick in the last 500 years, mate.
  He ain't the biggest maverick in the last 500 minutes.
  And if you ask me about who he is, he's a front man, he's a salesman.
  You know, I had to bloody laugh when he said on the Joe Rogan, one of the Joe Rogan interviews, that he spent 80% of his time designing and engineering.
  Oh, at the same time that he runs all these companies, apparently, and tweets on Twitter X all the time.
  I mean, it's ridiculous.
  He's a front man.
  Other people in the background are running the show, but he's a very good salesman.
  He's selling the electric car, autonomous car thing.
  He's selling the microchip.
  He's saying, oh, look, you know, we've got more and more Starlink connections and satellites.
  Isn't it great?
  Oh, yeah, Elon.
  Without people realizing, actually, the prison is being built all around them.
  So he's a front man.
  And what we need to do is take everything on its merits without falling for the hype.
  And that means that we will question these people, whether they run Twitter X or not.
  We question them.
  We look at what they do, not what they say.
  And therefore, we don't fall for the scam.
   So where I'm going with this, Is that if you are flying down a freeway and you've got the outcome at the end, which is this stuff becomes so well known that action is taken to bring it down, then you want to take people off the freeway.
  You want to take them down the slip road and ideally you want to put them in a cul-de-sac.
   And this is what I'm talking about when I'm saying that The focus on left-right politics is a cul-de-sac.
  Not that it doesn't have to be looked at, but if that's what all we're looking at, that they're the answers, then we're going to sit there while the cloud and the AI and all the rest of it, and the digital currencies, Putin's planning to bring in a digital currency.
   Putin did all the stuff like lockdowns during Covid?
  I mean, are we really so naive that we think that Russia is different?
  There's a global cult, it works through America and Canada and Europe and China, but not Russia.
  It's ridiculous.
   And so We've got to get out of this idea of just looking at left-right and go to the next level.
  Well, let me tell you... That level that's controlling and manipulating and playing like the string section, the left-right paradigm and the left-right perception.
  Well, David, let me just throw this in real quick, then, and you continue.
  I just learned about this the last four or five days.
   A lot of really prominent anti-globalist people And I'm told, I'm about to be invited, are being invited to the Global Government Summit.
  The one Elon was on last year and said, we don't want global government.
  They're now inviting a bunch of anti-globalists to their events.
  What's that about?
  Well, they're trying to co-opt the alternative media.
  This is all part of the soft sell.
  Sure, and I think that goes with what you're saying.
  Yeah.
  And we have to hold the line.
  You know, the alternative media is something that questions everything.
  And it doesn't eulogize anybody.
  And it doesn't treat anyone as a god, whether they're Musk or Putin or Trump or anyone.
  It dispassionately looks at events and looks at evidence and concludes from that dispassionately what's going on.
   Once you start believing in somebody, Then your ability to be dispassionate is massively diluted.
  The alternative media must not get pulled into that.
  I totally agree.
  Like you have Iconic, we have Man.Video and Infowars.com.
  We should use places like X and Rumble and other places to energize our independent platforms.
  But everybody shouldn't just only put their eggs in one basket.
  We need to decentralize.
   Well, the thing is, if everything goes on to X, And everything is focused on X, then it's pulled in terms of freedom of speech.
  It already is for some people.
  Then it's over.
  And this is the other thing you know about Twitter X and Elon Musk.
  He changed the name to X and fused it into something, so Twitter disappeared, into something called XCOR.
  But the parent company of X Corp that actually owns Twitter X is called X Holdings Corporation.
   And some Twitter X employees who are running a court case trying to get some compensation for being fired, they demanded last summer that the shareholders of X Holdings Corporation, the parent company of Twitter, the ultimate owners, Be revealed.
  And they revealed the list, except that every single name, including Elon Musk's, we've got an idea, he's one of them, was redacted.
   And then they asked, asked the judge to have a situation which she agreed to, whereby the lawyers would be told what the list was of the employees, X, but it's not made public and that they cannot take it any further.
  And what did come out of this list of redactions is that there's 95 of them.
  Who are they?
  Why don't we know?
  Come on, Elon, let's have ya!
  Let's see who the 95 shareholders are.
  ...of ex-Holdings Corporation, so we know who actually owns this deal.
  You know, we're talking about transparency, right?
  All right, we've got to go to break.
  And we did, speaking of X, we have an X Spaces going, and sometimes Elon pops into these.
  We've sent invites to him.
  I don't know if he is, but this is not our regular lecture.
  We love you.
  Once you're on, we'll go on three hours.
  You can just lecture us.
  I'll have you talk 8% of the time.
  We've got a new book coming out.
  Hope you come back on next week.
  I'm not lecturing.
  I'm just stating my opinion.
  No, no, no.
  I hope you come on next week and just particularly talk about the book.
  But we're going to bring in some folks with questions and comments randomly off of X when we come back.
  But you'll have some more time to finish up.
  You can stay the whole next hour if you want.
  You can leave in 30 minutes if you want.
  We've got to start the third hour right now with David Icke.
   People can find all of his work at DavidIcke.com and you can also find it The enemies of humanity have been very good at dividing and conquering us.
   Band.video, which we've seen Band.video get a lot less traffic since we're on X.
   That's not good because we have all those other great contributors on there.
  So I get what David's saying.
   We'll be right back with our number three and we're live on Spaces on X.
  Stay with us.
   The enemies of humanity have been very good at dividing and conquering us.
   But if we simply start thinking about things according to the definition of is it pro-human
  or is it anti-human, we start to win.
  And that's why I had the idea for Team Humanity.
  I brought it up to Elon Musk.
  He loved the idea.
  What would you call the debate and discussions about a pro-human future?
  Just Team Humanity?
  Yeah, Team Humanity.
  Absolutely.
  And so we have the t-shirt.
  Team Humanity with a nuclear family standing against the globalists.
  This shirt is a great conversation starter, but it also is a fundraiser to keep InfoWars on the air so we can promote and support Team Humanity.
  I want to thank you all for your past support, but I want to encourage you all now to understand that this is a revolution against the globalists, and it is so critical now to signal the fact that you are part of Team Humanity.
  We're told humans are the problem.
  We're told we're killing the Earth.
  We're told all this garbage, so we hate ourselves and stand down and roll over and die.
  We're not going to do that.
  Get your Team Humanity shirts now at mfullworthstore.com, and I thank you all for your support.
  Alright, well David's raised some really important thoughts.
  We should always investigate everything, look at every angle, and I tend to lean what direction he's going.
  But I also want to look at gift horse the mouth.
  I'm going to use X. I'm going to ride the horse until it dies, or until we win, or until I'm kicked off of it.
  But David, we've got a short segment here because some stations join us.
  You've agreed to do some X questions from people on X spaces coming up.
  David, we've got four minutes to break.
  What else is on your radar screen?
  Well, I'm writing a book at the moment.
  It's a deep, deep, deep, deep, deep in the rabbit hole book, which is, you know, what ultimately controls the cult that controls humanity.
   And of course, We talked about this before, that force is not actually human and doesn't actually operate in this reality we call human.
   So that's what I'm writing at the moment and it's very, very deep stuff and amazing stuff because what's starting to happen is that some of the things that a lot of the things that I've been writing about over the decades in relation to all this and got so much abuse and Ridicule for a lot of people in in science now coming from that direction are starting to say it makes sense and they're kind of explaining it from their point of view of how it can work like that.
  This is a this is a virtual reality simulation that we're experiencing just across the water of I live on an island just off the south coast of England.
  And just before Christmas there was a guy, a physicist from Portsmouth University, in all the papers in Britain, talking about the fact that he believed that we do live in a simulation.
  There's lots of scientists now who are starting to see that it makes sense of what otherwise is an unexplainable world.
  And I've been writing and saying that since not long after the turn of the millennium.
   So there's a lot of things coming together of the real, real big picture variety that needs to be
   understood by people so we can see where this is really coming from and not just focus
   only on the symptoms but see where the cause is.
   I'm a bit bewildered because I'm answering a question and then someone's saying to me
  keep going David.
  I mean, is Alex disappearing?
  What's going on?
  No, David, I actually jumped up because they have to have my phone to connect to X because we're about to... Alright, okay.
  I was literally just handing him my phone and we're about to take the calls.
  I got an earpiece in, so I just walked over there to hand him a phone and he stopped right when I got up.
  See here, I'm listening to you.
  See the little receiver here?
  So I'm not ignoring... I'm listening... I'm accusing and interrupting here, but I'm trying to get you to talk.
  No, no, no, that's all right.
  I just, when it goes quiet and someone says keep going, what's going on?
  Anyway, yeah, so that's the sort of stuff I'm working on.
  And I've been working on for quite a long time.
  Well, very long time now.
  And that's the fact that, you know, we can look at the manipulation at the level of politics and finance and the human world, if you like.
   But the biggest manipulation of all, is the manipulation of our sense of reality.
  You know, we live our lives as if we're living in a solid world where everything's kind of apart from everything else.
  But that's only one level of this and it's illusory.
  Um, the way that we, um, are constructing our reality is exactly the same as the principle of Wi-Fi and a computer.
  Absolutely.
  It's almost like we're being grown like lab rats to be interfaced.
  Back in 60 seconds, finish.
  Yeah.
  And I did, I did, I did find it, um, kind of interesting that one or two people now, um, are starting to say, actually, maybe there's a non-human force that's manipulating.
  Let's talk about that non-human force.
  Stay there 60 seconds.
  We're on all these radio stations.
  That's why we're still on air.
  We'll be right back.
  It was back in the mid-1990s that David said non-human interdimensional creatures are sucking our souls and killing us and making us war with each other.
  Now when you talk about it, it's mainline news.
  Now Tucker Carlson says he believes it.
  People don't balk.
  So there's a big awakening.
  I want to go to some of these X Spaces comments or questions.
  Quick ones for David Icke here.
  Amazing discussion last hour about Elon Musk.
  A lot of thought-provoking things.
  We appreciate David being here, especially with all he's been going through lately.
  His new book's coming out.
  He promises to come back soon.
  We'll do a commercial-free podcast and talk about the new book.
  We'll plug it before he leaves as well.
   But you got interrupted by that little break where we join some stations, get into this
   understanding of that we only see a little bit of the light spectrum, we're basically
   blind. Yeah, I mean this is the area that really does open up the true scale of
   human manipulation and puts into perspective the focus only on the politics and
  the world of the scene.
   One thing that should be taught to every child as soon as they're old enough to
   grasp it is that when you look through your eyes in the space you think you're
   looking at, you're not seeing everything in the space that you appear to be
  You're seeing a tiny band of frequency called visible light that is so tiny it's a bloody joke.
  If you take the projected size of the universe as perceived at the moment by mainstream science, then the electromagnetic spectrum, which is basically our reality, is around 0.005% of what exists in the universe in terms of energy in all its forms.
   And visible light, which is the only frequency band that we can actually see, is a smear of the 0.005%.
  Humans are basically blind.
  And as I've explained in the books in great detail, there's a reason for that.
  We're designed to be basically blind because then we'll not see what the hell is going on and what we're part of.
   And so if you look at technology as it's coming in now, the AI and the computerization, all of this stuff, What it's doing, and not by accident either, is mimicking the very reality that we're experiencing.
  The virtual reality that we're experiencing is being mimicked by this technology.
  And what they're doing, and this is what this cloud's all about, is they're laying another layer of illusion on top of the big illusion, which is the simulation in general.
  And because we can see a fraction of what there is to see in the space that we're in, all infinity exists in the space that you're sitting in now.
  But we can't see it because it's on a different wavelength, a different frequency to the one that we are tuned to, and what this body computer, biological computer, that's what it is, locks us into.
   And so If you look at the way that a computer decodes Wi-Fi, it's exactly the way that we're decoding this simulation.
  This simulation is not a construct, it's not a physical construct.
  It's a field of information, just like Wi-Fi.
  And so what happens is a computer, although I'm looking around, if there's Wi-Fi in this room, where is it?
  We can't see it, no, because it's outside of the wavelength of sight, human sight.
  But if you get a computer and you tune it to the Internet, what comes on the screen is whatever part of the Internet, the Wi-Fi field, that you've chosen to go to and see.
  And what you're seeing, if you said to people, tell me about the Internet, they'd say, well, it's pictures on the screen, it's moving pictures, it's graphics, it's text and all that stuff.
  Yes, it is.
  But the Internet in that form only exists on the screen.
  Everywhere else it's a Wi-Fi field of information and electrical circuits.
  And so then you think, well, where is what I'm looking at?
  That internet that I perceive as the internet, where is it?
  It's inside the computer.
  It's not here or there or there, it's inside the computer.
  So then you take to the, this is not, you know, pulling it out of the ether, this is mainstream science.
  How do we create reality?
  What happens is the five senses are locking us in to this cosmic Wi-Fi field, shall we say, the simulation Wi-Fi field.
  And the five senses, the ears are a wonderful example, but they all work the same.
  They're picking up wave field information, wave information, just like sound waves with the ears.
   They then turn it into electrical information, which they communicate to the brain And there's certain areas of the brain that specialize in decoding that electrical information from the various senses, and the brain then forms it into the reality that we think is outside of us, but it's actually in here, just as the reality of the Wi-Fi is in the computer.
   And so if you break this down to the big picture consequences, The very foundation of human control and the manipulation of human perception is at the very level that we perceive reality itself.
  We are living a reality that appears to be a certain kind of reality, but it isn't.
   And if you're manipulating people's The very sense of reality, the very sense of the world they're existing in, which is nothing like what it seems to be as we experience it, then you go down the levels to the manipulation of politics.
  And these are just symptoms of the big, big manipulation, which is the manipulation of our reality itself.
  Let me just say this to finish the point.
  Like I say, we now have technology unfolding that is mimicking the very simulated reality that we're experiencing.
  And so we have headsets.
  Look at the internet now.
  There's more and more pictures of these people with headsets on walking down the street, even driving bloody cars, autonomous cars.
  You go on the internet and you look at compilations of people with headsets on who are, the moment they put them on, their sense of reality is completely taken over.
  They're jumping around, they're screaming, they're falling over.
  Yeah, that shows they were already pre-programmed and have been prepped for this.
  Yeah, the point being, yeah.
  I get nauseous, I can't wear them.
  Go there, but they put their headsets on.
  And they might be in an empty room.
  There might be one or two people there, whatever.
  And suddenly, the information coming through their headset has completely taken over their sense of reality.
  They're possessed!
  What they can do is take the headset off and go, phew, it was just a game.
   Now imagine if the headset was the biological computer And the only way you can take the headset body computer off is when you die.
  And this is why people who have these near-death experiences, millions of people now, cumulatively, describe that when they leave the body... They're totally free!
  They are experiencing a completely different reality with different levels of physics.
  Why?
  What are physics?
  What are the laws of physics?
  They are the codes encoded into the simulation.
  David, you've told us this a hundred times and it's all, I agree with you, and people are waking up, you're a trailblazer.
  A bunch of your books, I've read most of them, get into this.
  What's the best book to understand all this?
  Well, there's the latest ones called the dream, because that's what this is.
  It's an induced dream.
  And if you want the real deep, deep, massive one like that is one called everything you need to know, but have never been told.
  So you we are experiencing a reality.
  Imagine you come out of the womb with a headset on.
  Your parents have got headsets on.
  You go to school, your mates have got headsets on, the teachers have got headsets on.
  And you're saying that's what we're already in, and now we're breaking out of that.
  That's what we're already in.
  And if you have a headset on from leaving the womb to entering the tomb, then when you see how reality... That's how they trick your soul.
  That's how they manipulate you towards some greater end.
  You've got to come back... You're going to believe that reality, and that's what we are.
  We're believing a reality that actually is a simulation for one reason.
  To control our sense of perception.
  And from perception comes behavior.
  And if you control behavior, you control society.
  Sure.
  I'm going to nail you down.
  I want to go to some of these calls before you got to go.
  Some of these X comments.
  I have no idea what they're going to say, who they are.
  I think the crew may know some of them.
  They're looking them up.
  But just in closing, when are you going to come on commercial free hour on your new book?
  Well, I'm still writing it.
  That's the point.
  That's why I said to Daria, you know, I couldn't come on in January because...
  I was in a really deep series.
  I understand.
  So as soon as you're ready, DavidLyke.com, we want to do it.
  Back in the spring, maybe, will be the best time to do that.
  All right, we'll get you on soon.
  While we've still got you, let's pull up X's.
  We've only done this three or four times.
  And instead of phone calls, this is people on X who want to talk to you.
  And so I've got the crew in there connected to this.
  I don't know how it really works, but the crew's doing it.
  Who do we go to first, Chase?
  Let's go to Brian Krasenstein.
  He joined and asked to speak.
  Go ahead and unmute yourself and say what you've got to say, Brian.
  Hey, yeah, no, I just jumped in here so I caught the tail end of everything that you're saying, but I actually, as crazy as I think many people think it sounds, I believe we're living in a simulation, or at least I think that's more likely than a lot of the other alternatives.
   And the saying goes, if you think we're going to be able to actually simulate a universe in the future,
   then the probability is we're actually living in a simulation.
   If you combine Neuralink with Apple's headset right now, and then consider AI being able to render environments that
  might not have to be actually there in a simulation.
   And then fast forward 50 years from now, do you think it will be possible to simulate a universe and
  make people believe they're in that universe?
  I think the answer is probably yes.
  Well, I think it's absolutely yes.
  And what I would say, mate, is that we're already there because this simulation is doing just that.
   And it's another interesting thing, you know, if you're creating a simulation and you want to absolutely control people's perception, therefore their behavior, then you don't want them interacting with other species of life within that, quote, universe so that there's an exchange of knowledge, an exchange of understanding.
  You want them to believe they're isolated and you want them to live a life as if it's isolated.
   So you look out at this apparently endless universe You look out at the night sky and you see all those lights and all those planets and what have you.
  There was a guy called Fermi who asked this question.
  It became known as the Fermi Paradox.
  There's all those lights, all those planets, all those stars.
  Where the hell are the bloody aliens?
  Well, where they are is outside of our visible light reality.
  That's why we can't see them.
   But when you look out into the night sky, It's a very kind of lonely view.
  That we're all alone despite all that.
  Of course it's alone because it's a projection.
  It's a simulation and the emptiness and the lack of life that it seems to have is encoded into the simulation.
  David, you've been saying that for 30 years and now all these mainline scientists, as you mentioned, are saying they think it's a simulation as well.
  I want to go back to the journalist that called in for any response back to David.
  Yeah, and part of Fermi's Paradox, one of the suggestions is that the reason why aliens haven't reached out is because when a civilization gets technologically advanced enough, instead of going outward into space, they go inward.
  basically into this virtual environment.
  So I think there's like so many tidbits of information out there that could suggest that this is a simulation.
  I would say it's far more likely than the various religions of the world or whatever other things people believe.
   What's interesting, I think what's kind of getting a lot of scientists to come down this road is because if it's a simulation a lot of Mysteries of life and reality start to make sense.
  For instance, what I said just after the turn of the millennium is that this is a simulation and the limit of the simulation at this level is, because there are others, is the speed of light.
  There was an article in Scientific American in April 2021 where this academic had written this article saying he believed we lived in a simulation.
   and he was saying that he felt the limit of the simulation was the speed of light.
   Fell off my chair and he was presenting the speed of light as the processing speed of the simulation.
  And David, you said that 30 years ago, so I'm giving you credit there.
  We need to move the next person.
  We've got a lot of other great people.
  I want to talk to David.
  I hope he stays with us for the rest of the hour, but he's doing a lot right now.
  Finishing his book.
  His amazing daughter went to the next level.
  So we really appreciate David being here with us today.
  One of my daughters.
  I've got three daughters.
  I probably wouldn't be able to have them for a year, but David's a tough guy.
  We love David.
  Who's up next here, Chase?
  Let's go with Adrian Dittman.
  Adrian, go ahead and unmute yourself and say what you have to say.
  Yeah, I think it's really interesting that David Icke, say, complains of, I don't know, being connected to the hive mind, even though he already is.
  I mean, you're right now speaking to thousands of people simultaneously, which is a selective hive mind via a piece of tech.
  It's just not integrated into your brain.
  That's the only difference.
  As for Wi-Fi fields, do you think that the Internet is what a simulated reality pulled over our eyes, or just an interface?
  No, he's saying we're already in a false reality.
  Sorry, I'll shut up.
  He's saying we're already in a false reality, and they're creating a system within a system.
  Right, David?
  That's absolutely right.
  But there's a big difference from what the gentleman's just said, that we're in a hive mind and all that stuff as we're speaking.
  But, you know, there's a difference between having connections with people and communications with people and having the perceptions that we make.
  Of what we say and what we make of what other people say.
  That's right.
  The system, it's going to show us the input it wants, is the issue.
  They're being given to us by a hive mind.
  You know, it was kind of funny how sci-fi kind of later mirrors reality.
  It's probably not a coincidence either.
  And in Star Trek, they had the Borg.
  And the Borg were kind of a kind of part technological kind of race.
  And what they did was infuse people with like nanoprobes to make them part of the Borg hive mind, the collective as they called it.
  And those nanoprobes we now call smart dust, nanobots, nanotechnology, all these things.
  And this is all building this hive mind that I'm talking about.
  And like I say, communication is fine and interaction is fine.
  We should have it.
  Of course we should.
  That's why I'm glad the Putin interview happened.
  But there's a big difference between that and having our perceptions controlled in... David, let me say this.
  Notice how the globalists want to kill individual free communication in the internet.
  They want it to all be through this filter, which is another form of the virtual reality paradigm you're talking about.
  But I forget the name of the person commenting, but sir, do you want to have a come back to David Icke?
  Go ahead.
  Is he gone?
  Okay. - I'm still here.
  
  Come back to that, go ahead.
  Yeah, you're already connected to all of this.
  You think that everything is different or that we don't have the smart dust, so to speak.
  You don't need smart dust when you have a device that is capable of all the things that you've mentioned and you are already connected to the hive mind.
  What the hell are you communicating on right now?
  Who are you communicating with?
  All the people.
  Their perceptions share through a medium of speech.
  Like, there is structurally no difference between having a bunch of nanobots running through your bloodstream accomplishing the same thing when you're holding a device that is connected to this thing that is a field of information that is the internet.
  There's nothing wrong about it.
  There's nothing strange about it.
  It's just the way things are integrating stuff like this into our society.
  By the way, I think this is Elon Musk.
  Is this Elon Musk?
  Well, you could be a dead ringer for him.
  Well, the Elon clone, what else do you want to say?
  Elon clone, go ahead.
  It's really not. No, no, it's really not. I'm just weird.
  Don't worry about it.
   Well, you, you could be a dead ringer for him. Well, the Elon clone,
  what else do you want to say? Elon clone. Go ahead.
  Yeah. They're all theories. They're all theories. Yeah.
  They're all theories.
  I don't know. It's kind of stupid. Don't worry about it.
  Well, what else would you like to say, sir?
  I just think this, I just think it is ironic.
  I mean, you want to talk about the simulation, everybody started speaking of the topic of simulation, how we're in this false reality ever since the Matrix movie dropped.
  A lot of people are afraid of it, but they don't even understand the context of why the movie even happened and why everyone's so afraid of it.
  When in reality, everybody got afraid of being integrated with machines and how machines were advancing faster than the things that created them, thereby the fear caused the disaster, which then caused the simulation within the Matrix.
  It's crazy, right?
   And even then, Everybody bases their ideology of a simulation based off of a movie that they themselves haven't even fully understood.
  Because if you did, you'd realize that there is no real world at all.
  I mean, what do you think this is?
  And even if it is a simulation, what are you going to do?
  Are you going to break it?
  What's the point?
  You can play it and you can build really cool shit.
  You can craft it and make it better.
  I think that's what you have to do.
  If you're going to break it, that's just an equivalent of killing yourself.
   If you're going to break it for every So don't break the simulation.
  I quite, I don't, I don't understand the, I don't understand the resistance for understanding the world in which we're in, to the extent that we say we could shape it to make it better, but we're just trying to understand it to break it.
  Well, uh, whoever this is, please don't hang up.
  We're on radio station.
  We have to go to break in a moment.
  But David Icke, you're talking to somebody that AI Print is, uh, is Elon Musk, or is his twin, his doppelganger.
  What do you want to say to this caller?
   Well, is it, is it better That we know about the reality that we're in and how we're creating it and what it's designed to do or not to know and being complete ignorance of the very reality we are experiencing.
  What people do with the knowledge of understanding the reality that they are in is up to them completely.
  But we should surely be pursuing an understanding of what is this place?
  What are we doing here?
  Otherwise, you know, we just go through life being pawns of a game we don't understand.
  A dead ringer.
  Please stay there if you can.
  We're on radio station so we have to at least break twice an hour.
  We gotta go to a three minute break.
  We're gonna come right back.
  I hope the caller stays there.
  Sounds just like Elon Musk.
  But I get the point of the Elon Musk sounding person.
  He's saying we don't use tools like the Native Americans didn't have guns so they lost.
  He's saying why not use it.
  It's kind of what I'm getting.
  But we'll come right back and have the person that sounds just like Elon Musk.
  A little bit of an angry Elon Musk.
  Finish up what he wants to say, and then we'll get David Icke here.
  This is, I am in the Twilight Zone right now.
  Got David Icke and a guy that sounds just like Elon Musk.
  And I've been on it with two and a half hours of Elon Musk before.
  We're gonna figure this out.
  This is News Maker, stay with us.
  Media matters, the Democratic Party, MSNBC and others have asked me to apologize for making a parody video game criticizing the deep state and all the corruption.
  And to all them, I just want to say this.
  Go f*** yourselves!
  Alex Jones New World Order Wars has been number one on Steam thanks to the viewers and listeners of this broadcast.
  And I want to invite everyone, before they are successful at banning, which I hope they aren't, to go to alexjonesgame.com and follow the link to Steam and download this game for $17.76 as a message to the New World Order.
  F*** you!
  You want to try to ban this game just like you want to steal elections and force injections on us and open up our borders and rape us.
  This is a culture war and they're scared of this game.
  Get Alex Jones' New World Order Wars right now at AlexJonesGame.com because anything badass gets censored!
  All right, to all the folks on X, I'm Sheldon Threshold Radio.
  We got to take a few ads an hour for our local affiliates.
  Remember back when the radio and TV didn't watch you?
  You listened and watched it?
  Well, we're still on that.
  That's how they took me off the internet five years ago.
  We stayed on air was because we're on the old system, but it's being phased out.
  All right, we have Adrian Ditman, who is a dead ringer for Elon Musk.
  And I just want to give Adrian Ditman the floor.
  Got cut off by the break in the David Icke encounter.
  Adrian, I hope you're still there.
  Go ahead.
  I'm still here.
  Where were we at?
  You were getting cut off.
  You were explaining why not engage it.
  You were explaining your view on AI and computers and the systems versus what I guess people could call kind of a troglodyte view.
  Yeah, we like to view as the humans have this existential paradox built into them.
  We initially want to surpass anything that surpasses us or eliminate it if we can't.
  This is why we're afraid of anything that's different.
  Say, for instance, technology.
   I think, for instance, when we look at AI, we look at what it's capable of and we look at the fact that
   we are capable of say generating a simulated reality in which we can do
   almost anything, we start to ask these questions and say, "Oh my God, let's look
   within real quick and then see how that is being projected out into the world
   and how much of what we think is not real is real." So it's like if you think
   of ourselves and how we navigate through the world, we are like a machine
   that continually projects out into the world a web of assumptions that then
   adjusted by whatever structure someone else perceives or we perceive.
  And then we internalize that and then we think it's reality.
   So by default, whatever version of reality that we think is real is exceedingly I agree in the sense that we don't see much of our reality,
   say what David Ackley was saying, we should see the Wi-Fi field.
  I think all of this is possible.
   We could actually see or perceive more of the reality that is around us
   if we were to argument ourselves as opposed to discarding the argumentation.
   If AI, for instance, gets connected to us, I don't think it's going to be the end of us.
  It's just going to help us evolve faster and better.
  You see, you can't beat this thing.
  It's better than us.
  It is much better than us.
  It is not just better than us, it is all of us put together in one thing, simplified, without the biological constraints that every other human brain has.
  It is actually quite a beautiful technology, but it is also risky.
  And I think the risk factor is something that should be spoken of, but in a realistic sense, to the point that we don't stop its development.
  Please don't go, Adrian.
  Let's get David Icke's response.
  David Icke, stay there.
  Can we just get this right?
  Is this Elon Musk or not?
  Never mind the name.
  Was it Elon Musk or what?
  Absolutely not.
  Nope.
  Absolutely not.
  100%.
  Someone told me in the break, oh, this is definitely Elon Musk.
  So that's all right.
  No, look, he's plausible to ability.
  Let's just say it's Elon Musk.
  Got any questions for him?
  Okay.
  What I was saying is that people need to understand what is happening and what they're part of.
  And then maybe they can make some choices about what they, how they respond to it.
  But if you're living in a reality, which is not the reality you think you're experiencing, and some other force is manipulating that reality to manipulate your perception to manipulate you, then that needs exposing.
   And it's alright talking about AI this, AI that, but AI is designed to take over the human mind and therefore replace it.
  People like Ray Kurzweil at Google, a so-called futurist, has openly talked about this years ago that by 2030 this will be happening and that eventually, once the connection is made, that AI will do more and more of human thinking until human thinking as we know it is basically negligible.
  And that's the end of humans as we... And I think what Adrian said, because I want a piece of this, he said we don't want to have VR goggles that give us the false reality by some company, but what about augmentation, theoretically, that lets us actually see beyond the limitations we're in?
   Well, if you have a chip in your brain and it's feeding you a sense of reality, Then it's whatever's feeding you that sense of reality is giving you your sense of reality.
  Well, let's say it accesses a part of the brain for infrared.
  It's not telling you what to see.
  It just allows you to see infrared, which your brain can now do.
  No, no, no.
  I'm talking about where it's meant to go.
  It's meant to go to the end result.
  And Kurzweil said this!
  And others have said it too, that it's meant to go to the point where you get your perceptions delivered.
  And what are your perceptions?
  They are your sense of reality.
  And this is a very dark and dangerous road.
  And I don't care if it's a hard sell or it's a soft sell.
  It's a dangerous road.
  It's not a world I want to live in.
  Well, I think Elon Musk has said, beware those that worship AI gods.
  But Adrian, you seem to have some opinions on this.
  I mean, you don't know Elon Musk, obviously, but from researching him, what do you think his views are, what he wants?
  Well, it's clear that he wants to augment us with AI and various other tech to basically enhance our experience of the world and to also make us more capable of maneuvering through the world.
  That seems to be his thing.
   But if I go to David Icke's point, I think it's not that you're afraid of, say, you're not concerned of the fact That our perceptions themselves are going to be delivered by a piece of tech, but that they are delivered to you in an altered format that somehow benefits whatever centralized entity created that tech.
  Is that correct?
  I'm talking about having our perceptions delivered by an external force with the intention... But how is that a problem if the perceptions that you're being delivered are more than what you already get?
   I mean you have a bunch of sensors that are available to you right now, like say for instance your eyes, you have your limbs that sense differences in temperature, you have sensors in your And those are already being manipulated.
  Those are already being manipulated, right Adrian?
  Yeah, but how's that a bad thing?
  But how's that a bad thing?
  On its own it seems very benign.
  I don't understand where the negative element is.
  I can only assume that where the negative element is, is that somehow what is being given to you is false or steers you in a particular direction that benefits the centralized entity that is manipulating your perceptions and the data that's delivered to you that is then therefore your perception, right?
  I think it does come down to where the feed comes from.
  David, do you see what he's saying?
  Exactly that.
  Well, you know, I've augmented reality.
  You can stick that in a dark place anyway, from my point of view.
  But, you know, I'm 72.
  That's my coming out.
  That's my perception.
  But if I'm being delivered a sense of perception that gets me to stand up and walk out this room now, I wouldn't do that if I was sitting here.
  That is not augmented reality, that is a takeover of reality.
  And if you are a force that wants to control people, and what are we talking about, Alex?
  What are we talking about in terms of this global cult and what I say is non-human entities working through it, and your World Economic Forum and all these people?
  They're seeking to dictate our sense of reality.
  This is what... I understand.
  So listen, I'm going to have you... another question to Adrian, another question to David.
  Let me throw that out at you.
  Tucker Carlson says he believes interdimensional entities are manipulating reality already through this simulation.
  We all basically know this is.
  I think we're all agreeing that's pretty much what we're in.
  We haven't figured it out yet.
  I think Adrian's saying we can use our own systems of AI to break through that and find out what's happening.
  Maybe I'm putting words in his mouth.
  But regardless, having a debate about this and open discussion, I think is really healthy.
  But Adrian, what do you think about the idea that aliens aren't coming from a distant star system, but have actually always been here, like I've said, like Carlson said, and that there is a manipulation already of the reality?
  I mean, I haven't seen any actual definitive evidence of aliens.
  The only proof that we have is, say, really shoddy footage and potentially even altered stuff that later, of course, you know, has been exposed to be as such.
  But, I mean, it's an interesting theory for sure and one that does bear a considerable amount of logic.
  But still, I mean, I haven't seen any really convincing evidence for aliens.
   I mean, you could say, oh, well, you have some infrastructure that's really difficult for humans to build, so potentially a force was here at some other point, or potentially we have destroyed ourselves, and of course, you know, then there's the case for Mars, and the fact that if you look at the atmosphere of Mars, and you look at the levels of xenon gas within that atmosphere, it is consistent with an environment, a post-nuclear bombardment environment, so it's like, There are a lot of questions that need to be asked.
  We really need to go there and check out what exactly happened there.
  But regardless of that, I mean, sure, maybe, but I haven't seen any definitive evidence for aliens.
  All right, well that's a perfect Elon Musk answer.
  So this is either an amazing advanced AI of Elon Musk or it's Elon Musk, Adrian Gittman.
  I'd like to go by rogue AGI.
  Rogue AGI, okay, okay.
  David, if you had a chance, and maybe Elon will listen to this later, and wanted to ask Elon a few questions instead of, I get you're on your points, but if you were talking to Elon Musk, which we, okay, what would you say to him?
  Well, if that was Elon Musk, this is ridiculous.
  This is the playground, for goodness sake.
  So, what I was going to say is that what he's talking about is really low-level stuff.
  He's talking about going to Mars.
  Mars is just, in our reality, it's just another part of the bloody simulation.
  And I'm not saying that aliens are coming from other planets.
  So Columbus coming to America was just a simulation?
  Well, everything that happens in our reality is people consciousness operating within a simulation, not realizing it's a simulation, unless they are in the inner core of the cult, and then they bloody will.
  And I'm saying these non-human entities are based in another dimension, what's called the astral dimension, which is very close to this one and interpenetrates it, but is not of a wavelength that our eyes can see.
  That's why we don't see them.
  And you know, the point I was making is that does anyone think I mean, let's just get down to the basis of this.
  You've spent years, I've spent years, decades and all that, exposing this global cult and its desire to create a dystopia, a global dystopia, based on AI control.
  And we've got people like Klaus Schwab who are openly for years now saying that yes, that's what has to happen.
  We have to augment ourselves and have AI and then it will tell us what to do and we'll know better and we'll be gods and stuff according to people like Kurzweil.
   Now, does anyone think Elon Musk or whatever he bloody calls himself in that name, Does he believe that those that are creating this AI system of control, which on one level operates as digital currencies and... No, no, I get where you're going.
  So let's go back to Adrian, who can't speak.
  We're going to let him speak for Adrian.
  What about, what about, I've noticed the globalists say they want to ban any other independent AIs.
  They're worried about it.
  They want their own AI.
  What is your response to that?
  The running logic would be that everyone else's AIs are developed in such a manner that they pose a potential risk.
   Keep in mind these are the same types of people who read a few AI research papers and think that they are now AI researchers even though they just repeat what they have received in verbatim, which ironically makes them more of an AI than the AIs that they're building because that's essentially just training data and you're spitting it back out again with no actual innovation Assigned to it because you're not creatively connecting other points of data in a way that they haven't been connected before so I mean, okay Yeah, sure.
  I get the logic behind that.
   I mean, I've read a lot about AI safety I'm not an expert by any means not even close But I would say it's that this is the logic that I see personally This is more like a perception in an opinion than an actual definitive take in terms of a fact that I believe is true I just think There's fear.
  It's just that, fear.
  If there's malicious intent behind that, that still remains to be seen.
  Maybe there is, maybe there isn't.
  But if you look at the prime motivator for all of this, it is fear.
  What is the first thing that any safety has told you about?
  It's the paperclip scenario.
  Are we familiar with the paperclip scenario?
  I am a gel people.
  Yeah, it's very simple that you give an agent a set goal that says, hey, it's a benign agent, it's an agent that does not seek to destroy anything, but its goal is to turn things into paperclips, to manufacture paperclips.
  And so eventually it realizes, oh, I could create a whole bunch more paperclips if I say...
  ...the atoms that are inside of your body in such a way that it becomes in a paperclip and that it begins paperclipping the fucking universe at some point when it reaches critical mass, right?
  This is obviously bad because then it kills all of humanity in the pursuit of creating paperclips.
  It's not trying to do this because it hates humanity, it's just doing this because it's misaligned.
  It doesn't understand we needed paperclips, but we also want to exist ourselves, right?
  And so we throw this around and say, oh, so here's the thing.
   system, what most people like to refer to as a black box AI, we cannot look at it. We don't
   understand what it is even if we tried, because it's too complex to actually perceive. And now we
   have these things running around, and we have these centralized entities that
   are very experienced at building technologies that are running the
   world currently, saying, "Hey, we can develop this faster, but we have to do
   it slower." And then we have people who rebel against it, saying, "Hey, I got the
   GPUs. I got 200 GPUs in the back of my truck right now, and I'm gonna make an AI
  faster than you can."
   And then they do, because they take more risks along the way. This is another
   aspect to AI safety, where you are putting restrictions on yourself.
   They say, "Oh, shit. We have to be safe about this, and if we're not safe about this, then..."
  So you're saying the AI, Wild, Wild West...
  You're saying the AI, Wild West of the AI wars are here, Adrian?
  I mean, yeah.
  Obviously, you can run an AI on a small little Apple Watch right now.
  If you wanted to, just gut it.
  The computer's there.
  You have a Mac Mini?
  You can run an AI on that.
  The computer's already here.
  You just, the training is a little bit of a problem.
  You need more compute for that, but you can definitely run it.
  And someone else can build it.
  Adrian, we're really glad you called in.
  Please don't hang up.
  I'm going to give David Icke a closing comment because the show only has eight minutes left.
  I'm going to give Adrian a closing comment and then we're going to go to the fourth hour of the guest host that's here and it's my 50th birthday.
  Somebody's demanding to give me a birthday cake.
  I love them, but it's whatever.
  We'll see if that happens.
  But the point is, is that David Icke, Adrian's still there.
  This has been quite the interview.
  It's going to get a lot of attention.
  And just closing comments, David Icke.
  What am I exposing, what I've been exposing all these years?
  It's an agenda to ultimately replace the human mind with artificial intelligence, so artificial intelligence becomes the human mind.
  I've been writing about it for decades.
  And step by step by step, we move closer and closer to that all the time.
  That is not an accident.
  It's the World Economic Forum agenda.
  It's the Gates agenda.
  It's the global cult agenda to do that.
  And we can talk about, oh, well, we could have regulation here or regulation there and augmented reality there.
   But the bottom line is that what's unfolding is the takeover of human perception.
  How has it been done so far?
  It's been done by controlling information.
  So you can censor what you don't want people to hear because that will affect their perception in a way that you don't want that to happen.
  So control of information, people get their perceptions from information received.
  It might be a personal experience, it might be an item on the news, it might be something I see on Facebook.
  But their perceptions are controlled by the information they receive and how they process them.
  What I'm saying is that this is meant to go to a whole new stage.
  In which no longer is it necessary to manipulate information to manipulate perception.
  Because your perceptions will come direct.
  And, you know, this is where it's going.
  David, we understand.
  Amazing, amazing hour and 45 minutes with you.
  When your book comes out in a few months, I look forward to speaking to you.
  DavidIke.com, Iconic.com.
  Thank you so much, David Ike.
  All right, mate.
  Thank you very much.
  Been great.
  That was powerful.
  All the best, Elon.
  All right.
  See ya.
  Or Adrian.
  It's not Elon.
  It's just somebody that sounds just like him and sounds just as smart as him.
  So I'm going to shut up for Adrian here in the six minutes we have left and just about the whole world, the Putin interview, war, the economy.
  We just want to hear what Adrian has to say.
  Go ahead, Adrian.
  Can you give me a second?
  Yes, Adrian.
  You've got the floor to talk about just in general your view on the world.
  Just like literally give me a second.
  Something's about to explode.
  Alright, something's about to explode.
  There's David Icke right there.
  No mention of God or base reality.
  No mention of base reality or God.
  The reality we live in is real.
   You can build all the simulations you want, but You have to have a reality in the beginning.
  And then now we're going to discount God completely out of the conversation.
  And now we're just going to talk to and pretend that Elon Musk is not Elon Musk.
  And we're going to pretend that he doesn't want to put a chip in and that Elon Musk is not playing just the tip with the chip.
  And once he gets that chip in and seen as Adrian's war elsewhere, then he starts talking.
  Okay?
   Nobody's ever considered whether or not Our minds are going to be taken over or our bodies.
  Maybe it's we're just the flesh bots for the chip because we're cheaper.
  We'll live off a bowl of rice when we fix ourselves.
No, no, Matt, Matt, I hear you. 
  But we're having a great talk with Elon Musk.
  I'm going to come back to you.
  We got we got all these great people to talk to or not Elon Musk, this Adrian fellow.
  Adrian, is whatever blew up fixed now?
  Can you talk to us?
  Yeah, well, I can't heavily diverting towards Star Trek-esque scenarios.
  I think if you really want to talk about, say, controlling people's perception and information warfare, probably we are more afraid of this thing than we actually should be.
  Now, I mean, I want you to consider this for a second.
  Are you guys aware of, say, a technology known as Cortical Labs?
  Do you know what that is?
  Does anybody know what that is?
  I've read of it.
  Tell us.
  Very nice little thing.
  Basically the idea is you take a bunch of silicone and you boost what it is capable of by merging it with human biology by taking neurons and placing them on the chip.
  This allows you to do some really cool stuff.
  You need neurons for various tasks and so that would be one of them.
  It would be absolutely perfect.
  So I want you to consider something in the future.
   Imagine we become a A spacefaring race in which eventually we pursue to leave the solar system because the sun will die in a couple billion years.
  This is, and potentially even the less than that our planet will be cooked before the inevitability of the sun's collapse and or explosion.
  We know it is, right?
   The problem is you have to leave the solar system, but how the hell are you going to do that if you look at humans right now, them as a biological thing, We're very inefficient.
  We require a lot of resources.
  I mean, just look at what it would take to go to Mars.
  You have to shield us from everything that's out there.
  You have to look at how many supplies we have.
  You have to somehow figure out how to pass the time or put us in suspended animation, something we've also not figured out how to do because it's probably impossible.
  Remember that there was a project in the past where we were exploring trying to freeze people.
  That didn't work out because, well, it ruptures your cells and it kills you.
  I tried it, it didn't really work.
  So if you can't solve that, then the obvious next step would be to take what is human and implant that into a machine.
  At first we're going to have, say, a machine implanted into us, but I think at one point our brain will be implanted into a machine once we reach, say, a certain age as an individual being.
   We'll be discarding a lot of biology and we will probably even Uh, we've become less of ourselves as a result because you're not just one life form.
  You're a cooperative instance of biology made out of bacteria and various other cells that are independently alive.
  You just cooperate.
  Much like a machine is made up of many different parts, so are you.
  And these individual parts are themselves in fact alive.
   So that would be That is the thing that I personally find worrisome is that we discard so much of ourselves in the pursuit of, I don't know, escaping, say, our own impending doom via the sun that gave us life at first.
  So, yeah.
  So you're saying we can make copies of ourselves?
  You're saying we can make copies of ourselves and send it all over the universe?
  Not necessarily that.
  What I'm saying is that we can augment ourselves as machinery or augment ourselves into machinery to such an extent that we can prolong our biological existence as long as possible up until the point where eventually we'd have to consider making copies of ourselves.
  But that is so far in the future, there's no telling... So you're talking about life extension?
  Life Extension Technology.
  I'm talking about replacing life as you know it and completely digitizing it.
  That's the current trend line.
  If you look at it, you can harvest data from anyone and reconstruct them in a digital sense.
  Now whether or not that is the way forward is still up to debate.
  I think we have a lot of time and a lot of innovation until we reach this point.
  And we don't know enough of the brain.
  We don't know enough of the body.
  We don't know enough about the universe.
   We don't know where All the information in our head is actually being stored, or where it is coming from, how we operate, and why we have vivid hallucinations when we take certain substances like DMT or psilocybin.
  We know so very little about ourselves, but yet we are still pursuing trying to make digital copies of ourselves.
  I mean, this is the current trend line.
   I'm not saying that this is the future, but if you look at it this way, and there's really nothing else to the human body or the human brain, Then that is where it goes.
  What it then does afterwards is completely up to debate.
  This is uncharted territory.
  It's all theory, if you want to go the sci-fi route.
  Wow.
  Well, Adrian, I imagine you have to go.
  We've got a whole other hour coming up, but a guest host is coming in.
  But I would hope that Adrian will be able to join us again here on the show.
  And Adrian, I appreciate you calling in.
  Here on X Spaces.
  Alright, thank you.
  Give us a heart.
  Alright folks, I'm just, this is Twilight Zone territory right now.
  David Icahn, it's obviously Elon Musk, he can't make this up.
  We'll be right back.
  Hey, I got some good news for everybody.
  A lot of products not available at InfoWarsTore.com are available at DrJonesNaturals.com.
  Just one word.
  DrJonesNaturals.com.
  We'll put that on screen.
  DrJonesNaturals.com.
  Dozens and dozens of silver products.
  That original super silver toothpaste with the iodine, the nano silver, the tea tree oil.
  This is the most incredible toothpaste ever.
   It's exclusively available At DrJonesNaturals.com and so many other products you can't get at InfoWarsTore.com or available at DrJonesNaturals.com.
  A lot of people.
  We've gotten so many calls and emails wanting this toothpaste.
  He's produced it again.
  It's available again.
  A limited run at DrJonesNaturals.com.
  And there's so many other great products there on the site.
  Be sure and check it out.
  There's a lot of products available there that are available at InfoWarsTore.com.
  A lot of products that aren't available.
   and then fullworksstore.com are available at drjonesnaturals.com Alright, look.
  Uh, I'm completely blown away right now.
  You got the Tucker Carlson interview, you got David Icahn with us.
  I love David.
  You got Elon Musk calling in.
  That was Elon Musk.
  But he can have plausible viability.
  It's just beautiful.
  It turns out he called in last week, I guess, or last X's.
  We appreciate that.
  And I talked to Joe Rogan a lot.
  You know, Joe Rogan came out and basically endorsed the show and said that I'm the cutting edge.
  He said about me, we want to have a real discussion about this.
  We can't be afraid of any of this stuff.
  We have to openly discuss what's going on here.
  And I think Elon is a force for good now overall.
  And you can't lie.
  Jesus said you judge a tree by its fruits.
  He's doing just pure gold right now.
  And I think David gets scared by that.
  I understand he saw this 30 years ago.
  We respect him.
  We're not saying he's wrong about this.
  But there's some stuff going on here.
  And it's above my pay grade, but it's above all of our pay grades.
  That is the discovery of the universe.
  That's what's wild about it, is figuring it all out.
  That's what Adrian was saying earlier with us.
  Now, I don't like birthdays.
  I'm not against them.
  I just, I was still at birthdays when I was like 12.
  Go to the pizza place, the kids come over, but one of my old friends died a few weeks ago, George Butler, and it made me think about how I hadn't hung out with all my old friends like Mike Hanson and Blaha, told you to be here, and all these guys, so they said, we want to bring you a cake, they called me yesterday, and we want to come on there and give you a cake, because I'm 50 on Sunday.
  Okay, great.
  I don't want to just have Mike in here for five minutes next segment and then Jay Dyer takes over.
  I want to get Mike in here in a month or so to do a review of all the great work we did when I worked with him for seven, eight years, starting in 1995.
  And I was my own little Axis TV producer for about a year before that.
  In April, it'll be 30 years I've been on air.
  So I just was inviting Mike out to dinner.
  He lives outside town.
  Gonzalez, someone that never comes to see me, but we talk all the time on the phone, so he's going to pop in for a few minutes with all this big news.
  It's like, why are we doing my 50th birthday?
  They want to bring a cake.
  I want to do justice to the great work Mike's done, and people like George Pullian and Raymond Teague.
  Um, George Butler.
  George Butler was in the NSA and the Army.
  He never told us the secret stuff, but he set up secret communications around Russia, Africa, the U.S.
  Such a smart guy.
  He died three weeks ago.
  Mike goes, remember George Butler?
  Remember this guy?
  I'm like, yeah, Mike.
  I remember who George Butler is.
  Well, he's dead.
  So, I don't know.
  As you get older, you get more nostalgic.
  So, we're going to go to break.
  Come back.
  Mike's got a birthday cake for me.
  Great.
  I appreciate that, buddies.
  The real reason I let Mike bring me the birthday cake is I wanted to see Mike.
  So I'm always like, hey, come to town.
  Let's get dinner.
  Well, I'm too busy with this and that.
  I got this going on.
  I'm taking care of that.
  But he's going to pop in for a few minutes.
  The Jade Irish got serious stuff to cover.
  But we're going to nail Mike Hansen down.
  And we'll do like two hours in a month or so with all the clips and kind of a review of what's going on.
  It's my first six, seven, eight years working with Mike.
  It was nine or ten years.
  It was some of the most important work we ever did, and as people rediscover all that, it's bigger than ever.
  So remembering your friends and being around your friends is important.
  I just want Mike to come to town to get a steak dinner with me, but he's too busy for that, but he will bring me a cake on air so we can do that.
  It is weird hitting 50.
  My other birthdays didn't really matter.
  But it's wild.
  When you're 40, you're halfway through your life.
  When you're 50, it's like, wow, I was 40 just five minutes ago.
  I saw a great documentary with Sylvester Stallone on Netflix.
  I don't watch a lot of TV, but I watched it about a month ago.
  And he's like, man, I feel like I was just born.
  I'm not ready to go, but this is the way it works.
  So this is it.
  He watches his friends and family all die around him, but the human species goes on, and I really think we should preserve the species, and we should promote what is natural and good, and the whole transhumanist movement as directed by the globalists is to enslave, and I think we need to have another way in that's pro-human and open and openly discussed, because I'm all for Neuralink, people who can't walk or are blind.
  That's a great thing, and people are even scared of that.
  Was in a motorcycle accident, and like ten years ago he got the vagus nerve stimulator, almost made him have no seizures.
  He got an experimental chip like three years ago, and he looks great ten years younger, never has convulsions anymore, because his brain was out on the pavement.
  But, he'll be at dinner with him, and he literally starts talking like a robot when it kicks in.
  People are like, yeah, it's a nice day today.
  This is an emergency transmission from deep in the heart of Texas, the US resistance against a global corporate combine, empowered and funded by Communist China, allied with the big megabanks that set up Communist China in 1949.
  The Communist Chinese have taken control of US telecommunications infrastructure.
  The Communist Chinese have taken control of Hollywood.
  The Communist Chinese take control of the main universities.
  This is all confirmed.
  This is not a drill.
  Big Tech in Silicon Valley is almost completely run by the Communist Chinese government.
  They've officially become state-run.
  Apple 100%.
  Google is now making the transition and announcing a merger and total worldwide censorship.
  They are now beta testing using me as the straw man, a demonized version of Alex Jones, to do that.
  This is happening.
  This is not like the other probes before that were meant to get you used to probes and censorship, thinking you would adapt to censorship by just putting up with it.
  Now this attack is thousands and thousands and thousands of times the magnitude of all previous attacks.
  This is a titrated dose, reverse psychological warfare operation using adapt and overcome, subversion, paradigm manipulation.
  In layman's terms, they are manipulating the fact that we adapt to being oppressed.
  We adapt to being pressed with the low dosages of oppression.
  Now when the megaton hits us of the total takeover, we try to adapt to the poison infusion instead of not knowing.
  It's a lethal dose if we accept the dose.
  Total Internet of Things integration, global social score, complete command and control system.
  It is the virtual reality AI.
   weapon system now attacking the United States with traitors inside the major
   security agencies blocking Trump's resistance of the program and attempting
   to stop us from removing the tentacles of the Chai Com slash big tech banking
   combine emergency situation. I have been chosen for destruction because I brought
   you this information and have been battering ramming it out as much as I
   can. They want to double use me as they always do in any complex system of
   mathematical deception where every angle of my good is turned against us.
  So they take what I've said, being sincere, build me into an insincere person in the straw man.
  I'm a person that cares about life and children, and is against these wars, and so they make me a herder of children.
  And then they build me into this lie to then set the distraction while they're actually censoring all of you to make a debate about Alex Jones.
  So even if I didn't sell out to them, they've now used me as an archetype to serve them by being the main distraction.
  I have now been captured by the enemy in the information warfare fulcrum and it's being used against you.
  Only your full understanding of this key will break you free from this paradigm.
  I have given you the transmission!
  Now break free!
  I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.
  Thomas Jefferson.
   If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance.
  
   Well, I've known Mike Hanson 29 years, and he's in the Bohemian Grove documentaries, he's in
  everything.
  He said, I'm just going to bring you a cake.
  But now they've crashed the show.
  And him and old Blaha, I haven't seen that guy in 10 years.
  So we're going to get him back in studio soon for a whole retrospective on him for his work.
   But he brought me my 50th Birthday cake and we can do overhead shot here.
  Nifty to be 50.
  Look at it.
  Look at what it says.
  Overhead shot.
  We'll do it.
  And you've got, I love how you're a big fan of what we did.
  You've got a whole museum in Gonzales.
  Yes, and I want you to sign that book here.
  How's your wife and all your kids?
  Look how young you were.
  Thing is, I'm always asking Mike to come to town and visit me.
  He'll never do it.
  And now today he's here.
  So we're squeezing it all in right now.
  But, uh, yeah.
  So it's absolutely crazy.
  You know, Elon Musk just called in.
  That was pretty crazy.
  Can't make that up.
  There's all your shows right there.
  I am absolutely loving it.
  There's all your TV shows.
  Where'd you get that photo?
  I don't even know where that's at.
  Good Lord.
  Oh, there's old Joyce Riley.
  And Steve Lane.
  My God, this is amazing.
  There you are in the Army.
  Yeah.
  How's Melissa doing?
  She's doing great.
  She did have some health problems, but she's got over it.
  And here we are at Bohemian Grove.
  Oh, there's Melissa right there.
  Yeah, that's her.
  And of course, you're really a wolf.
  You're not just a handsome.
  I've been married 40 years.
  When I met you, I was married 10 years already.
  Can you believe that?
  All your kids were babies.
  Yeah.
  Now that you got grandkids.
  And you weren't married.
  Look at us.
  We both got fat.
  You're a good looking guy too.
  Alex, Alex, Alex, they used to call you the Greek God.
  Wait till you see the picture coming up.
  Oh, stop about me.
  Yeah.
  I did not have any problem with the women, let's just say that.
  Anyways, it's crazy stuff.
  Alright, Mike.
  Listen, I don't want to talk about me.
  When you come back, because I've been asking you for years to come here.
  We're going to do a whole retrospective on all the crazy stuff we did.
  That's interesting, not me.
  We got more photos.
  I came here for one reason.
  Waco?
  To wish you a happy 50th.
  I know, you're making a big deal about this.
  I think it's, I think it's a big deal.
  I think you made it to 50, almost, and it's a big deal.
  50 on Sunday.
  I heard a thing went out.
  Here, I'm going to blow this out.
  I did have a Trump impersonator coming in, but I got in trouble for that.
  No, we're not doing any... Listen, I just heard about...
  Thank you.
  I just heard about George dying.
  You're like, remember George?
  I'm like, of course I remember George.
  George Butler.
  It seems like yesterday we used to go eat every week at that pancake place.
  It was, uh... He used to help us with the show.
  And then he's just, he's a really smart guy.
  Yeah.
  He looked like Einstein.
  He really, he was one of your biggest fans, I mean, from the very beginning.
  Well, I'm a big fan of you.
  But listen, we gotta hang out, man.
  We always talk on the phone like once a week.
  I haven't seen you in like five years.
  Alex, I have not been in this studio for 11 years.
  I was here 2013 is the last time I've been here.
  Well, it's crazy as time just goes.
  It goes by fast.
  Well, what about 30 years?
  It just went by like that.
  1995, I saw you sitting in an AXS TV.
  I said, that guy's going to be a star.
  Oh God.
  I knew it right away when I saw you.
  Stop it!
  Hey, this clip's really funny.
  We were practicing going to Bohemian Grove and now we're going to act like globalists.
  Back this up, you have the audio at the beginning of the scene.
  This is hilarious.
  This is absolutely hilarious.
  Let's play this.
  Mike, we've got to do this justice.
  Forget my 50th birthday.
  Alright?
  That's the only reason why I came.
  I know, but it's really important to you.
  Let me tell you something that's really good.
  Something that's really happened good.
  Pause this.
  We're going to play it in a minute.
  Go ahead.
  I have a new website.
  MikeHansenArchives.org.
  And I have got all the tapes transferred over from the last 30 years now.
  And look how fat we both got.
  Of course, it goes up on your website first on Band.Video.
  I don't care, put it wherever you want.
  Well, no, that's what... But you got a channel on there, yeah.
  Yeah, so whenever we get a new one, it goes up on there.
  And I love it, because I see them get on Twitter now, or actually it blows up.
  Because, man, you're just dumping it on there.
  Well, we're... Hey, hey, we're going to skip the break.
  We need a minute.
  But go ahead and play this clip from Secret Rules of the World with John Ronson.
  And this is just hilarious.
  Yes, here it is.
  Or maybe not.
   As we would, calmly, let alone, there's me guys sitting there and we're, you know, we're
  fat cats, so let's go ahead.
   But seriously, David, as fast as microprocessors are starting to move, it's getting down to
  a molecular level.
  The question is, at what level will just the actual basics of science stop us from making these systems smaller?
  It's the entire nanotechnology revolution that I find to be most dynamic.
  I agree.
  You like that?
  That's all we did.
  Mike, listen, I'm going to ask you to go to dinner for five years.
  That's good.
  It's a ridiculous documentary.
  It's all over X. Secret Rules of the World with that John Ronson.
  Your documentary is good too about Bohemia Grove.
  I know, I know.
  That's just from that.
  Remember how he made us sign a contract that he didn't sneak in with us?
  And then like five years later he goes, they didn't sneak in, I did.
  Just the guy's a piece of crap, man, I tell ya.
  Anyways, well listen, in closing, we're gonna end the show and this part of the show with me and the great Jay Dyers who take over.
  Let's have a piece of cake together, Mike, okay?
  Okay.
  And then, send me all the clips.
  Oh, you got your new book?
  That's not a new book, that's over 20 years old.
  That's new now.
  But that has a lot of interesting facts about Alex in there.
  This is the best Bohemian Grove book out there.
  It is Bohemian Grove, Cult of Conspiracy by Mike Hanson, forwarded by the great Tex Mars.
  Remember him?
  Oh yeah, and he passed away now.
  He was awesome.
  Is Wanda still alive?
  Yeah, they took over the ministry.
  They took over the ministry.
  Yep.
  Alright, where do people find Bohemian Grove Cult of Conspiracy?
  Uh, well, you got to go to MikeHansenArchives.org is the only... Alright, buddy, we appreciate you.
  You gotta come see me more.
  You only live like an hour away.
  And you gotta call my secretary.
  She'll send it out to you signed.
  Alright, so, uh, 30 years, buddy!
  30 years.
  I remember when you were 21 years old!
  I've only been there about six, eight months before I met you.
  You were born on the 11th of February, 1974.
  That's right.
  Yeah.
  What's your birthday, Mike?
  July 26, 1963.
  I was born the year Kennedy got killed.
  And your dad was the famous ambulance driver that sent a lot of folks to the tower shooting.
  That was in 1967, the tower shooting.
  Yeah.
   saved a bunch of people there. So and you need sometime you need to have on the
   Ranger that shot the guy. He's a real interesting. We've had him on before.
   Yeah but I mean to reiterate he said that if it wouldn't have been for all
   the citizens coming down keeping the guy at bay that they wouldn't have been
   shooting at him. Yeah all the people in Austin had shotguns then they came over
  there and started shooting at vehicles. Yeah absolutely.
  All right, and you know when they finally... Alex, I had to come down and... Hey, let's have a piece of cake.
  50th anniversary.
  Wow, what a day.
  The Tucker Carlson interview, Elon Musk on the show, everything else, or explains, sounds just like him.
  It's going to be absolutely amazing.
  The War Room is in about 43 minutes, but right now, the great new world researcher, best-selling author, Jay Dyer, takes over.
  All right, thank you, Alex, for letting me host here.
  It's always a pleasure.
  I want to talk about the background, the history, kind of the way that in that interview, Putin went into a big 13-minute history talk.
  I want to kind of give a meta-level big picture of what the issue is with Russia today, what the issue is with the West's goals and their strategies post-Cold War.
  I think we're still kind of in a new Cold War setting, you could say.
  And what's the orthodox ethos that Putin brought up that the West is so concerned with and feels the need to go after?
  I don't agree, by the way, with everything that Putin said in that interview.
  I think there were some interesting points that he made.
  He made a lot of great points.
  There was a few areas, again, where I disagree, but it's really important to know the history of this.
  And I want to try to boil it down both from a religious perspective and a geopolitical perspective.
  You heard in one of the clips, Alex talking about the mystery religions and he was playing some older discussions that people have had about the ancient mystery religions.
  And I want to talk about how that plays into this as well, because secret societies, bloodlines, all of that, believe it or not, does play a role in the reason why Orthodox Christianity is a key enemy of the New World Order.
   Why Russia was targeted, according to Dr. Carol Quigley, 100 plus years ago via the Western banking elite As well as the subversion that's done through various secret societies.
  In fact, I have with me here, Albert Pike's Morals and Dogmas.
  Morals and Dogmas, excuse me.
  I've read a good bit of this book.
  It's a gigantic, massive text.
  I've also got other irrelevant geopolitical texts that I highly recommend everybody should be aware of, like F. Wayne Mingdahl's book, Full Spectrum Dominance.
   But if we want to talk about the religious side of this, if we go back to the ancient Empires.
  Most of the ancient empires, even as we read in the books of Daniel or Ezekiel or Jeremiah, Isaiah, they talk about an attempt to rebuild the Tower of Babel.
  The Tower of Babel, of course, was, early on in Genesis, this attempt of mankind to construct a single world empire and a single world religion based around some key warrior figure, some key single anti-Christ deity.
  The Antichrist deity that I'm talking about would be a kind of person or a kind of leader that would stand against the idea of the God in heaven.
  I don't think that they were building the Tower of Babel because they literally thought they could go into heaven.
  It was a symbolic defiance of heaven, in my view.
  So, every empire in the world has had this motivation to want to construct this Babel again.
  Why is that?
  Why can't world empires just kind of be who they are and do their thing?
  Well, partly because of human greed and the desire to rule.
  What's the line of Arnold Schwarzenegger?
  To hear the lamentation of the women.
  Right?
  That's the desire of fallen mankind.
  Yes, but there's also a spirit that impels mankind to engage in these kinds of activities.
  And I think that's the devil.
  I think that's a fallen spiritual entity.
  So the motivation that the devil has is ultimately to gather mankind into a gigantic global anti-Christ religion and rebellion, a one-world religion.
  The religion that probably would be used would be some kind of blending of all the world religions.
  We have this idea, for example, even in the ancient empires, that the religion is really a function of the state.
   As long as you worship the emperor, You can believe or do whatever you want, religiously speaking, just so long as you acknowledge the emperor and his state power or his role as the image of the god figure.
  That said, most ancient world imperial religions were controlled.
  They were essentially tools of the state, functions of soft power, or maybe even more than soft power, maybe even the guiding ideology of the empire as a whole.
   And so they had networks of high priests, networks of secret societies.
   Plato talks about this, for example, in his book, the Timaeus, where he talks about Socrates
   going and learning from Solon, who went and learned from the ancient Egyptian priests,
  all of the Egyptian mysteries.
   Those mysteries are what's contained in the Timaeus, which is a cosmology, a cosmogony,
   the origin of the universe, the way the universe is structured as a kind of outpouring of the
  divine being itself.
  It's described as a snake eating its own tail.
  That's the Ouroboros that we've all heard of.
   That comes from Platonism and ultimately, apparently, if the Timaeus is true, from ancient
  Egypt.
   And so the idea of the state then is to utilize these secret societies and networks and co-opted
  Concealed occulted knowledge.
   It just means hidden doesn't have to mean something demonic per se although in many cases it does end up being that just means hidden just means secret and So all the states in these imperial structures had secret religions which they control Plato describes this in the Republic as the myth of our scheme out the myth of our the ring of Geiges the ring is this sort of A symbolic thing for inner hidden power.
  He says that there's a noble lie that the state has to erect by which it rules the population through this noble lie.
  Because most people can't handle what's actually the case.
  They need to be given these religious lies to order their lives and to control them.
   Versions of that same religious deception manipulation were used throughout, you know, again, Babylon, Persia, The Greeks and then finally the Romans, as you have this structure listed in the biblical prophets.
  But we're told, for example, in Daniel 2 and in Daniel 9, that in the days of this final empire, the Roman Empire, a child would be born, a messiah would come, who would break the reigns, would break the control of the previous world religion systems and establish a new kingdom.
   In Daniel, it even says that the time of the messiah would bring about a kingdom which would eventually envelop The Empire under which he was born in Christianity, of course, that we believe that's Jesus.
  We think that's the expansion of the Christian church throughout the first four centuries to eventually encompass and supplant the Roman Empire, which then becomes the Roman Byzantine Empire.
   So Christianity from its earliest days from its New Testament teachings in continuity with the teachings of the Old Testament, the fulfilled prophecies, the hundreds of them actually, if you go through the whole Old Testament, that find their summation in the person of Jesus Christ, the Messiah.
  That church that he sets up expands throughout, again, the Roman Empire, eventually encompassing it, fulfilling what we read about in the book of Daniel, and other prophecies throughout the book of Isaiah, that the Gentiles, when the Messiah comes, would begin to call upon the God of Israel.
  That's exactly what we see in the first 1,000-2,000 years of Christianity as the Gentile nation is converting and coming into this one Holy Catholic Apostolic Orthodox Church, in my view.
  Now, there's schisms and splits in this church later on in history, but the reason this is relevant for what we're talking about today is that there's a dual system, you could say, going on here.
   There's a system of the secret society philosophies and beliefs, Their hermetic religion, their Gnosticism, their alchemy, all these different sects.
  You could go back to the Middle Ages with the Bogomils, the Waldensians, the Cathari in France.
  They had these Gnostic secret teachings in various ways, formations, manifestations, but most of the time it was some kind of dualism, some kind of philosophy of a inner secret Gnostic elite and everyone else was profane and didn't understand the deep mysteries.
   For example, if you were a part of the normal Public Catholic Church throughout those centuries, the Gnostics, the Catharites, the Bogomels, etc.
  They thought you were basically worthless.
  You didn't have a higher intellectual enlightened supernosis or whatever they possessed.
   Now, most of those groups, historically speaking, have died and gone away, but they did transmit various ideas that continued on even into Byzantium, which is the Eastern Roman Empire that continued on after Rome in the West fell around 410.
  So the Eastern Byzantine Empire in Constantinople continued on all the way into the 1400s.
  That becomes the longest empire in the history of humanity.
  It's known as the Christian Byzantine Empire.
  Wasn't perfect, not saying that it did everything right.
  But it fell eventually to Islam after it had agreed to a union with the papacy.
  So once Byzantium became Uniate, once they compromised for geopolitical reasons, the certain subversives within the Byzantine Empire opened up the gates to the Muslims and Byzantium fell.
  After that point, there was no public, consistent Christian empire left.
  But what took up the reins of that was the idea of the Third Rome, which was the Russian Empire.
  And the Russian Empire in its history was full of a lot of squabbles, a lot of controversies, a lot of battles, a lot of difficulty, a lot of rulers that were not ideal either.
   In fact, under both Catherine and Peter, Although there were some positives that Putin mentioned in his interview, both of them actually introduced a lot of revolutionary philosophy from the West.
  Freemasonic lodges were invited into Russia at that time, and those Freemasonic lodges were actually the breeding grounds in Russia, in this case, by which they could eventually bring about, in part, it's not the only way that happened, but in part, the eventual Russian Revolution.
   Because certain members of the Bolsheviks Many of them were involved in Freemasonic Lodges, which was a way for them to network and connect.
  At the same time as a lot of that was happening in Russia, the British Empire had its global network of Freemasonic Lodges that functioned as its intelligence operation.
  I'm not saying that everybody in the Masonic Lodges was a spy.
  I'm not saying that everybody who was a spy is a Freemason.
  But throughout the British Empire, this vast network of lodges throughout the world, which is even mentioned in countless movies.
  Go watch Ma O'Kaine.
  There's Ma O'Kaine in The Man Who Would Be King.
  And Sean Connery.
   Sean Connery plays a reincarnated Alexander the Great who, with his conman buddy Michael Caine, uses Freemasonic mythology to dupe A very third-world tribe, we could say, into believing that he's a messiah.
  And the whole movie is basically about Freemasonry and religious mythology being a con and a deception.
  That's just one example that I'm giving, but you can see from the movie that they kind of functioned as, you could say, spies, Freemasonic spies, so to speak.
  Now, I'm not spending this whole talk on Freemasonry.
  I just want to give a few examples of how it relates to where we're getting with the confrontation between East and West.
  And it's not ultimately about Freemasonry.
  It does play a role, though, in this history.
  When we come back, we'll get into more of that and explain the Putin-Tucker interview.
  This is the Alex Jones Show.
  I'm your guest host, Jay Dyer of Jay's Analysis.
  Many bothoms die.
  You can see here the Great Awakening orbiting the Great Reset.
  Although the depopulation systems of the Great Reset are not yet fully operational, the Great Reset does have a strong conspiracy network.
  It is protected by a satanic shield, which can be disabled by the Great Awakening.
  The Great Reset must be deactivated if any victory for humanity is to be accomplished.
  Once the Great Awakening deactivates the shield, InfoWars.com forward slash show will cover the truth while Info Warriors fly into the superstructure and attempt to knock out the Great Reset.
  Alex Jones has volunteered to lead the fighter attack.
  Get a signed copy of the Great Awakening today at InfoWarsStore.com.
  Welcome back to the fourth hour of the Alex Jones Show!
  I'm your guest host, Jay Dyer of Jay's Analysis.
  We're talking about the big meta-level history breakdown, similar to what Putin did in the interview with Tucker, giving the meta-perspective, the big God's eye perspective, as best we can.
   And we're talking about this hermetic lineage as contrasted to the Christian teaching, the theology of the church as it Went through these centuries and how this is a big part of what's going on in the confrontation between East and West and the Ukraine war.
  And a lot of people don't know that the Masonic Lodges, for example, that first popped up the Grand Lodge.
  I mean, there were Masonic Lodges prior to the Grand Lodge of England, but the lodges throughout the British Empire, even in mainline history, functioned as Jessica Harlan Jacobs as a historian.
  She's not a conspiracy theorist.
  This is just mainline history.
  She talks about how these were essentially the intelligence networks of the British Empire.
  Part and parcel with intelligence networks comes the cultists, the secrets that are trafficked, including religious ideas, religious secrets, gnosis and so forth.
  And I mentioned Byzantium in terms of more Cambridge academic scholarship.
  There's a recent book that came out.
  It's a very technical, very difficult book.
  Called Radical Platonism in Byzantium by Niketas Sinisioglou.
  The reason this book is relevant is because the whole thesis of the book is that even though the Byzantine Empire had within it the struggle between Neoplatonism and Christianity, Orthodox Christianity, and it tried to suppress the Neoplatonic atheistic Neoplatonism, atheistic Platonism.
  This lineage, this ideological tradition, survived through the character of Plethon.
  Plethon was a Byzantine scholar, academic, and an atheistic Platonist.
  His atheistic Platonism, according to Synysioglou, is what was handed over to the Spinoza circles, and then by extension, eventually, as it found its way into the Jacobin Illuminist circles.
   So, this is yet another historical attestation to the fact that The Secret Society mysteries, the myths, the symbols, the codes, the hidden keys and all this is really just a mechanism by which people are duped and people can be controlled by more cunning people in typically the state, especially throughout this period.
  And I think that stays.
  The norm all the way up until today.
  I mean, although today is more of a corporate state, it's not really, you know, the empire or some king that's controlling us and duping us.
  It's more so CEOs and Bilderberg and, you know, Davos.
  These are the people who are the new kings of our day.
  But they're utilizing a lot of these same tricks, tactics and techniques.
   And in regard to the mysteries and the secret society techniques that are used, these become ways by which Intelligence agents can provocateur and that's essentially what we see the Masonic lodges in Russia and throughout Europe doing during these revolutionary periods and we've talked a lot about that famous history text.
   The Fire in the Minds of Men, which talks about how the Lodges took this hermetic ideology
   and heritage of revolution, of pure flux and chaos, and even atheistic Platonism to its
  full conclusions by initiating the Bolshevik Revolution.
  And again, this is not conspiracy theory.
   This is well documented now in a lot of academic philosophical texts.
   Hegel and the Hermetic Tradition, Hegelianism, which is central to the history of Marxism.
  You couldn't have Marxism without Hegel, because Marx turns Hegel on his head and uses that dialectical chaos philosophy to produce the synthesis.
  And that's ultimately the philosophy of the revolutionaries, the Trotskys, the Lenins, these characters, is that constant perpetual chaos is what produces the synthesis where they want to take things.
  And again, this even comes up in books like Albert Pike's Morals and Dogma.
  There's a whole chapter on what he says true Christianity is.
  And it's the Prince of Mercy or the Scottish Trinitarian where he explains that for the Freemason at that level, God is an eternal world emanator.
  He's just repeating the Neoplatonic philosophy of Plethon and the Hermeticists.
  And this is exactly, by the way, what the British Empire adopted as its Hermetic philosophy.
  There's books that have come out recently.
  Now, what does all this have to do with Russia and geopolitics and whatnot?
  Well, it has to do with the fact that Russia, up into the 20th century, still maintained a degree of the notion of a Christian society, an Orthodox Christian imperium.
  It had been waning for sure, and there had been a lot of corrupt leaders and a lot of things going on that were bad.
  Uh, you know, people like Peter the Great.
  I think he was not that great of a leader.
  I think he was corrupt.
  But regardless, there is this desire to establish the revolutionary faith throughout the world.
   And that's why In the Billington book it's called the Revolutionary Faith.
  The Revolutionary Faith is the same faith that's mentioned by Aldous Huxley in his book Brave New World.
  The final revolution is the revolution against man.
  So anything that stands in the way has to be gotten rid of.
   Quigley explains this in the first few hundred pages where he says that the two chief enemies of the Western Anglo-American Pragmatic Empire, doesn't have anything to do with British people per se.
  It's not talking about the people.
  It's talking about the geopolitical structure of the Atlantis, this power block.
  And that's not about Atlantis.
  Okay, we're not talking about sunken islands.
  We're talking about this area geopolitically.
  The West versus the East.
  And that's why Brzezinski, people like, you know, Kissinger, have talked about how in order to control the world, you control the Eurasian heartland.
  That's the key to controlling the world.
  That is the Alfred Mackinder thesis, right?
  The geopolitical pivot of history is controlling the Eurasian heartland.
  That's the old British imperial structure and model.
  So, what does that mean?
  That means areas like Ukraine, areas like the borders of Russia are crucial to control for having global hegemony.
  And the philosophies and the worldviews play a key role in this.
  It's called Weltanschauungskrieg, worldview warfare.
  Will we have a worldview based on Western empiricist pragmatic ideas or what Putin talked about when he was talking to Tucker, eternal ideas.
  He brought up Dostoevsky.
  He brought up the idea of eternal truths.
  In fact, Putin's, one of his influences is Ivan Ilyin.
  He's a Russian thinker and philosopher who's not very well known in the West, but if you read some of his essays that are translated by one of my friends, Mark Hackard, over at Espionage History Archive, or Soul of the East, I don't know if Soul of the East still exists, but Mark has translated a lot of his essays and works, and Ivan Ilyin is a very Dostoevsky-influenced thinker.
  He's also written about on how there's a lot of platonic influences in Dostoyevsky, right?
  And so I know I was critiquing atheistic Platonism earlier.
  There's different versions of this.
  I'm not trying to equate these things, but Putin was definitely expressing the idea that versus the Western idea of everything being in flux, which is essentially the revolutionary philosophy going back to the pre-Socratics, which is restated by people like Lenin and Trotsky.
  You have the idea that he outlines, which is that there are objective eternal truths.
  There's natures.
  People have natures.
  You can't turn people's natures into some other nature.
  You can't turn a woman into a man, a man into a woman.
  There are families, and families are like many nations, right?
  And so there's a connection between the family as a people group and the nation as a larger extension of that people group.
  And that's just the way all human beings have thought for thousands of years.
  The revolutionary philosophy at its very core that we're talking about, which was, it's not identical to all of the Lodges, and I think everybody is a Freemason, but I'm saying that the philosophy in the revolutionary Lodges was used to bring about the revolutions to where we are now, and the last two remaining empires Quigley talks about, the Austro-Hungarian Empire and the Russian Empire.
   He says those two things need to go away for the Hope of the Tragedy and Hope to come about.
  What's the hope of the book Tragedy and Hope?
  Western Democratic Capitalism.
  Now you might think, well, what's wrong with that?
  That sounds like a good thing.
  No, it's not what you think.
  It means technocratic corporate control.
   When you read Tragedy and Hope, the middle chapter is one of the most important chapters because it's the chapter where he says that the world I'm talking about will be an AI-run, technocratic, smart city, You know, fake nightmare dystopia.
  He thinks it's a good thing.
  This is the Alex Jones Show.
  Don't go anywhere.
  I'm your guest host, Jay Dyer of Jay's Analysis.
  Welcome back to the Alex Jones Show!
  I'm your guest host, Jay Dyer of Jason Alicis.
  We're breaking down the real spiritual battle that has manifested East and West.
  That's one of the areas that I disagree with Putin in the discussion that he had with Tucker.
  But we can actually see this playing out ideologically when I talked about worldview warfare.
  Quigley says that the two main enemies to the Atlantis' empire of the West had to be destroyed.
  That would be the Austro-Hungarian Empire and the Russian Empire.
  The first two world wars of the last century, Quigley says, had the effect of successfully dissipating and exhausting the Austro-Hungarian Empire and destroying that potential threat out of Europe.
   Then he says that the next threat would be Russia and the Russian Empire and the exportation of Bolshevism, Communism, Sovietism also, I think, in the long run had the effect of basically wearing down and destroying Russia from within.
   In the 1990s, you had the Harvard crew, Larry Summers and other people from that university concocting and
   figuring out basically how to loot Russia throughout the 1990s.
   This was the role in part that Yeltsin played as an asset of
  the CIA to help loot and bring down Russia.
   Because remember Brzezinski said that Russia has to be kept down as well as other countries to ensure American
  dominance.
   That's before, however, they wanted, I think, to shift over into Decline intentional decline.
   I think the global elite even in the West have made the decision that it's time now to bring America down and to Make globalist institutions have the power that America has had in terms of its dominance and so that also occupied a lot of that conversation was multipolarity and the place of Russia and China in the coming world and Putin talking about the inability of the fiat money system to actually work, the dollar dying.
  I think that's what he was referring to.
  But he also talked about a lot of operations that we over here at Infowars, myself, many of us have talked about in the last 10, 15 years, talking about how the West, the CIA, these operations they were running, what they were doing in the Maidan coup to spark that off, the false flag events, the Nord Stream pipeline, all of that.
  Done basically by the intelligence operations concocted in the West.
  Whether or not we know exactly which outfit did the operation itself is really not the issue, but because we know who stands to gain.
  Kibona, right?
  And Putin also brought that up.
   So basically every one of the pieces of data that came forward in that interview is identical to all of the analysis and the Predictions that Alex myself and others have given in the last ten years about East versus West relations.
  In fact, I did a whole three hour lecture on my YouTube channel about eight months ago where I said all of this broke it all down.
  I talked about all the provocations of the CIA engaged in State Department pussy riot splitting the Orthodox Church in Ukraine.
  All of that was basically brought forward in this amazing interview.
   And That specific splitting of the church is exactly what I want to highlight now, because this is a key element that a lot of people don't understand in the West.
  In the West, we don't really have religion as a cohesive idea anymore, in terms of an actual expression.
  There's a loose idea that we're either Protestant or Catholic in the West.
  But there's no real civic function of the religion.
  The religion doesn't spill over any longer into the civic sphere because we bought into the idea of a secular society and the religion is something that's private and it doesn't really relate to anything else.
  And that's precisely why we will eventually collapse and die.
  Now, I think Islam is a terrible religion.
  I've debated all the top Muslims except for one out there that are known, that are famous, that are public.
   I go against it all the time, but it has the Focus in the impetus to take over in Europe and perhaps even in America in the near future because human beings cannot subsist and will not last very long in a completely secular atheist society.
  They will bend to whatever is the dominant masculine force.
  And Islam, although I think it's a horrible false religion, has that impetus still within it.
  So, it will take over Europe, and that's by design.
  The Fabian Socialists talked about, in the 1910s, 20s, and 30s, bringing in Islam, first to London, and then to the UK, and then into Europe, because they thought it could be a force for socialism.
  They were too full of hubris, I think, to realize that, no, no, you're not going to control this religion, this religion will take over.
   You might Get a few generations of degenerate children of Muslims, but eventually Islam will take over Europe, and that's by design.
  And it's not because the global leader Muslims are not Muslims.
  They don't.
  It's a chess piece, right?
  It's an ideological chess piece.
  So chess pieces are not just nation states, not just this nation Ukraine.
  Let's use them.
  It's ideology and religion as well.
  And that came up in the debate, or excuse me, in the interview with Putin as well between Tucker and Putin.
   But I'm saying all this because you understand that From the vantage point of the Western evil geopolitical elite, Russia has to be destroyed and taken down because even though that was a big part of the Cold War, containing it, bringing it down, looting it, the Russian people and the Russian soul that Putin talked about are very tough, they're very resilient, and they're very hard to bring down.
  That's why so many of these Western neoliberal toxic culture operations have to be exported, as well as potentially all the bioweapons labs.
  By the way, that was actually reported on years ago.
  Dilyana Galatseva, I think is her name.
  I was at a lecture event with her.
  She gave a presentation in 2017 or so on the Pentagon biolabs all over Ukraine.
  Uh, uh, and, and Eastern Europe and other places.
  So this has been known for a long time, uh, and, and the provocations then were intentional.
  Putting the bio-webs there, uh, the, the seven years, uh, of warfare via NATO against Russia that has sparked this conflict.
  The 2014, uh, coup operation again, uh, uh, done by the West.
  All the color revolutions that were funded by, uh, Soros entities, CIA stuff.
  That was all in the interview.
  They didn't mention everybody by name like Soros, but when he's talking about the CIA operations to do these things in Ukraine, the Orange Revolution, that was all Soros and CIA back in the 90s.
  Victoria Nuland putting all this money there, that's Soros and CIA, that's all the same crew.
  All of what the CIA did in the Cold War is now done by the National Endowment for Democracy, Soros, you know, founded.
  All those things are the new ways that the CIA does these things.
  They don't just do it the way that they used to do it in the Cold War.
  Those are the new cutouts and fronts that are used.
  It has nothing to do with democracy or human rights.
  Those are weapons of culture war, soft power, you see, and even cutouts for black cops at times.
  Same operations in Syria.
  Back in 2012, 13, 14, against Assad, same operations and strategy against Putin, same operations of sniper attacks to try to set off crowd riots, to try to have a coup, and all of that was mentioned.
  Now, not Assad, but coups against Russia, coups against Putin, that was all brought up in the interview.
  So, again, everything that we've talked about was brought up, and again, this key spiritual component is there.
  To split the church in the Ukraine by creating a fake CIA State Department church run by people who aren't even real clerics.
  People were defrocked from other churches.
  That's the actual history of what's going on in the Ukraine and it's fostered and funded by funded by Western NGOs.
  Western universities, Jesuit universities, they all play a key role in that because the Jesuits, the CIA, they basically joined at the hip at the time of Vatican II.
  There's a gigantic 800-page book, Time Life Magazine, Henry Luce and the American Proposition, where the CIA created the doctrinal warfare program, C.D.
  Jackson.
  That's to utilize these churches during the Cold War for the purpose of pushing Americanism and Americans off power.
  But what that does is now places you under a new master.
  And that's why Francis and all these churches that the Pope Francis Catholic Church, that's why they walk in lockstep now with Davos, Klaus, and the World Economic Forum, because they're all part of the same power.
  That's the Atlantis's power structure.
  It's all these entities.
  And they are concerned with Russia as a potential rising threat, as well as perhaps China as well.
  And that doesn't make those people angels and good guys.
  It just is the reality of geopolitics.
  But there is this spiritual component there, which is the battle of evil versus good.
  So although people in the state, people who are leaders, presidents, kings, whatever, they may view all of this as pure pragmatic politics.
  Like if you read the book Dune, right?
   A lot of the people in Dune, they view it as just pragmatic politics, but there's actual prophecies, right, about The true leader and the Savior and all that, the Messiah.
  And likewise, in terms of Christianity, we have a Messiah and we have a providential spiritual meaning of history.
  And that providential spiritual meaning of history involves the church as a key player.
  And of course, we know that Satan has the desire to destroy the church.
  That's a key element I want to highlight.
  So, if you're watching this, remember, head over to my ex and you'll see at the top there I'm doing a new live event with our good buddy comedian Jamie Kennedy from the movie Scream.
  We'll be live March 15th in Los Angeles to do another event.
  Five hours of lectures and comedy, impressions, stand-up, information, it's all there.
   there get your tickets on my ex pinned at the top of my profile.
  They never talked about what happened in World War II until after they died.
  We got to dig into their stuff and see it.
  And my mom's dad was only on a few missions.
  Thank God he already got killed as a fighter pilot in World War II.
  And crash landed and broke a bunch of bones and he was out of the war.
  The other one did more missions than he was told to do.
  Out of North Africa and then in Italy and the whole thing.
  And then was there for four years and in Germany when it fell.
  He told my dad a little bit about when he died.
  We got all his documents and all his medals and all his stuff.
  And man, the letters about, we see the flag.
  We're going into it.
  Those are the targets.
  We're going to hit it.
  You know, Billy, best buddy, just died.
  His plane just blew up.
  And man, there is something about that.
  Like, we're going in.
  We're not running away from the attacks.
  We're flying into the attack.
  Because we got something to deliver and God said, deliver it.
  And I'm going to deliver more payloads.
  The reason I volunteered for more missions is we have slayed the enemy.
  We have destroyed them.
  We have wrecked them.
  God has given me nothing but victory.
  And the idea now, when I've been given nothing but victory, that I won't continue the missions and I won't continue hammering them, but I can't do it without you.
  Where are you getting a better bang for the buck?
   So I tell you now, Nitric Boost became a bestseller because Dr. Judy Mikovits talked about it
  and what a great product it is.
   She has nothing to do with it, but it's got all the ingredients she says, one of the best
   formulas she's seen to clean out your blood and empower your heart and brain and your
  arteries.
  Young, old, everybody should be on it.
   And now we even went to a bigger manufacturer and got an even higher quality, stronger version
  that just came in today on the 18-wheeler.
  And it is nitricboostinfowarrestore.com or 888-253-3139.
  You need Nitric Boost.
  It's there.
  I wish we'd done a bigger run.
  Next Level Foundational Energy, Methylfolate, all the B-Complex.
  It's available.
  Infowarsstore.com or 888-253-3139.
  Get a signed copy.
  There's a fundraiser in my book, The Great Awakening.
  I need your support.
  I'm thankful.
  And I want to thank all of you that got it and did support.
  But I'm really talking to the 99% of you, and it's way more than that now.
  That hear this show and never buy a damn thing.
  We're in the fight, folks.
  And I'll get in the damn airplane, and I'll start the engines, and I'll take off, and I'll fly over the enemy, and I'll drop the truth on their ass all day.
  But if I don't got bombs getting loaded, and jet fuel, or diesel, or kerosene getting put in the engines, I can't take the son of a bitch off, and I can't go do it.
   And we've already had, all glory to God, and at the level of God, but all support to you for your support, all credit to the audience, we've already I'll use the analogy.
  It's like we go to Las Vegas the last 29 years on air, and we put a quarter in the slot machine, we win $1,000.
  We go play blackjack, and we spend $1,000, we make $100,000.
  We go to the roulette wheel, we make a million.
  We never even lose!
  I get tortured, I get attacked, I get lied about, I get physically attacked, people come to my house, I don't even get into that, what that's like for my family, but as long as I don't care, and as long as I got courage and trust in God, like Job did, we have, for every attack, for every little slap I get, is a dagger in the enemy.
   For every time they thump me in the face, Is a fist right in their nose.
  For every time they break my leg, they get destroyed.
  One of their whole cities gets vaporized.
  Using that as an analogy.
  We are devastating them!
  This operation is a devastator!
  The enemy fears it!
  They hate it!
  They hate the spirit of it!
  They know it's real!
  It's everything they hate!
  So empower me!
  Energize me!
  Pray for me!
  Buy the products!
  Get off the fence!
  God's watching!
  While other networks lie to you about what's happening now, InfoWars tells you the truth about what's happening next.
  Visit InfoWars.com forward slash show and share the link today.