While other networks lie to you about what's happening now, InfoWars tells you the truth about what's happening next.
  Visit InfoWars.com forward slash show and support the InfoWars.
  It's Monday, September 30th, 2024.
  Dislike of and anguish over social media is just growing and growing and growing.
  Uh, and it's part of our problem, particularly in democracies, uh, in terms of building consensus around any issue.
  It's really hard to govern today.
  You can't, you know, there's no, the referees we used to have to determine what's a fact and what isn't a fact, that kind of,
  You know, been eviscerated to a certain degree.
  The American taxpayers, my constituents that are having a hard time afford their groceries, pay for a car, buy a new home, spend $1.6 quadrillion to fix a problem that A, doesn't exist, and as a matter of fact, U, might be exacerbating because it's unknown.
  It is unknown at this time, the low level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere that might actually destroy life.
  Because plant life all depends.
  As you know, Secretary, plant life all depends on CO2.
  And when we kill it, then we're done, too.
  I yield the balance.
  Congressman, let me just say that I don't agree with what you're saying out there for any number of reasons.
  I don't have time to go into all of them now, but I'll just tell you point blank that the difference between the periods you're looking at in terms of heat, et cetera, and human input is night and day, number one.
  Why do you think 195 countries in the world, their prime ministers, their presidents— Because they're grifting like you are, sir.
  But look, if people go to only one source, and the source they go to is sick, and, you know, has an agenda, and they're putting out disinformation, our First Amendment stands as a major block to the ability to be able to just, you know, hammer it out of existence.
  So what you need, what we need, is to
  ...is to win the ground, win the right to govern by hopefully winning enough votes that you're free to be able to implement change.
  Now, obviously, there are some people in our country who are prepared to implement change in other ways.
  You're questioning really if democracy can survive unregulated social media?
  I think democracies are very challenged right now and have not proven they can move fast enough or big enough to deal with the challenges that we are facing.
  And to me, that is part of what this race, this election is all about.
  Will we break the fever in the United States?
  See, while always ensuring and defending free speech, we must make it clear that it cannot be okay to bully and attack people online.
  Governments, and especially big technology companies, need to safeguard people's data and privacy and address online harassment and violence to ensure trust in technology.
  The Socialist Democratic Party just can't help prodding the sleeping giant.
  The left has made it abundantly clear that they want our president not just impeached, but beheaded.
  They have pushed that narrative repeatedly.
  But first, they must decapitate Infowars so that the heads of conservatives will roll.
  Alex Jones obviously is a well-known conspiracy theorist whose brand is bullying.
  He launched similar attacks against the families whose 6- and 7-year-old kids were slaughtered at Sandy Hook.
  And these people are all lawyers.
  They're very smart.
  They've defamed me in fake lawsuits they filed, funded by the Democratic Party, knowing they're protected filing false statements under defamation in lawsuits, and then they do it as members of Congress protected with immunity for false statements.
  In a Slate article, a reference is a study by Jonathan Albright, director of the Tao Center for Digital Journalism at Columbia, who found 9,000 videos on YouTube with titles that are, and I quote, a mixture of shocking, vile, and promotional themes that include rape game jokes, shock reality, social experiments, celebrity pedophilia, false flag rants, and terror-related conspiracy theories dating back to the Oklahoma City attacks in 1995.
  It makes terror-related conspiracies in with false flags when Gulf of Tonkin and all these other things are declassified to be staged.
  Anybody has a right to question that when it's a history of it.
  Doesn't mean we always think it's fake.
  We have to look at it.
  Every one of your rights has been compromised by a totalitarian state grown to adulthood under your very nose.
  But the First Amendment is still holding its ground under a hail of globalist arrows.
  But it can't withstand the assault forever.
  We are reaching the critical moment.
  Stand up America and reclaim your rights.
  John Bowne reporting for InfoWars.com
  It's Monday, September 30th, 2024.
  I come to you from the Embattled Info War Studios in Austin, Texas.
  We are 35 days, 12 hours, 53 minutes, 32 seconds to the most important election in world history.
  Thank you, my friends in America and across the world and all the ships at sea for tuning in to this global transmission.
  We are promoting a pro-human future.
  We are Team Humanity.
  All right.
  The enemy is now completely out in the open.
  They want a cashless society, world government, no parental rights.
  They want to control our bodies.
  The Democrats here in America, Team Demon, and other leftists around the world, funded by the BlackRock WEF crime syndicate,
  Are saying we're going to abolish the Supreme Court.
  We're going to establish a dictatorship to protect democracy.
  We're going to put you all in jail for your speech to protect freedom.
  We're going to kill babies past nine months to protect life.
  We're going to murder the truth.
  They are just out of the open.
  Time to repeal the First Amendment.
  New Yorker Magazine, it's time to torch the Constitution.
  It goes on and on and on.
  It's all out in the open.
  And new video coming up.
  Wow!
  Barack Obama's former Canadian ambassador reveals Zoom call where Hollywood celebrities and social media influencers discuss undetectable ways to steal the election in 35 days.
  They themselves are saying they're going to steal everything for your best interest.
  Then corporate media attacks Elon Musk when he says these are tyrants.
  We're in an existential crisis, meaning a death battle for the very life of the republic.
  Elon Musk declares, if Trump is not elected, this will be the last election.
  Oh, they'll still have ceremonial elections, but like Venezuela.
  But they won't be real.
  Elon's 100% on target.
  Elon Musk declares, if Trump is not elected, this will be the last election.
  Says, voting Trump is the only way to save the republic.
  That isn't hype.
  That is the urgency of where we are.
  And General Flynn laid out last night.
  An hour and a half powerful breakdown.
  Wargaming
  The enemy operations and plans.
  In fact, we posted that after the live show on X last night.
  It was extremely powerful in the clips that were put up front of the interview.
  Boil it all down.
  So I think at the bottom of the hour you guys grab last night's archive.
  It's on X 89 minutes long.
  I want to air the first five minutes of so of that coming up later in the hour.
  So get that's what we're going to play.
  Now.
  I just want everybody, including myself, to realize and just take a moment, take in a couple deep breaths and just get in that quiet place and just really think about where we are and what's at stake.
  We're not going to have to wait 20, 30, 40 years for the new world order.
  We're now living in it.
  I remember being a child, 6, 7, 8, 9 years old, many times, in Austin, Texas, at my grandparents' house, and my grandfather, C.W.
  Hammond, sitting around a breakfast table, talking about the New World Order.
  And, if we don't stop this by the time you're an adult,
  There'll be a worldwide computer controlling everything you can do and what you can sell.
  And the homosexuals will be inside the schools, sexualizing the children, and the borders will be wide open.
  And of course, he knew everything he was talking about because he was smart.
  That's 40-something years ago.
  And then my dad's dad.
  Jerry Jones.
  Exact same stuff.
  Because they were informed.
  And the bookshelves were just full of the naked communists and Kleon Skousen and books by other people that were aware of what was going on.
  And now here we are.
  I remember being on air 30 years ago.
  If we don't mobilize and get organized and stop this global UN agenda, why?
  In a few decades, it'll be here!
  Well, guess what?
  My job's a lot easier.
  And I wish we would have stopped it.
  We slowed it down some, and it's got big opposition, but you know what?
  It's in the ring with us, and it's swinging, and it's bloody.
  We've knocked so much teeth out, but we're bloody too.
  And we're in a fight.
  And I'm getting chills.
  Man, I go back to everything my uncle talked about, everything my dad talked about, everything my grandfathers talked about.
  And it was like they were in a time machine and had come to today and seen it all.
  And they also didn't just come to the year 2024, they'd gone to the year 2035.
  I remember being like 10 years old when I had it around the dinner table.
  Well, the big fraud will be the transhumanist system.
  They'll say they can upload your brain into a computer, and they'll make everyone accept that it has rights like a corporation, but it really won't be a human.
  It won't have a soul.
  But they'll convince everyone that you really live forever through this system, and they're going to give these automatons and robots the same rights as humans.
  And how did he know all that?
  Because he was reading their own literature, their own futurist plans.
  And now you turn on the news.
  Oh yeah, soon when you die, they'll upload you into an AI and you'll live forever.
  So, here's the big takeaway, alright?
  And then I'll get into all the news, the clips, and the rest of it.
  There are so many clips of globalists around the world and right here in the U.S.
  saying, we're gonna repeal the entire Bill of Rights Constitution, we're gonna abolish the Supreme Court, not just pack it,
  And we are going to establish a permanent, bureaucratic, one-party state, Democrat party coup and national emergency to protect democracy when that is the complete opposite of that.
  So they're branding total totalitarianism
  Run by technocrats in a transhumanist death cult, whose endgame is publicly reducing world population to 500 million.
  And because they control the central banks and the money, they don't care how unpopular or how evil it is, they intend to enforce it.
  And because it's so horrible and so bizarre, as it's actually happening,
  And going from beta into operational, it's in launch phase.
  People just aren't ready for that.
  And I've used this analogy hundreds of times.
  It's just the best one.
  When they pulled up at Galapagos Island, you know, 200 years ago or whatever it was, 190 years ago, look at the actual date of discovery of Galapagos.
  The whalers pulled up.
  And they wrote letters home about what they saw.
  People didn't believe it.
  I think so.
  There's a video at Walmart I saw this morning where a giant fire just burst and flames start exploding and shooting up in the ceiling.
  And all these women just stand there like 10 feet from the fire going... Then a few men have instincts and run in and start putting it out.
  But the point is, is people don't even move away from the fire.
  They just keep getting items off the shelf and they don't even know
  A 40-foot inferno popping up in front of them is something you might want to move away from.
  They've been, and like one black guy goes and puts it out because he's got instincts.
  So, that's what, I mean I like it, I've used the analogy before, it's like you're in your house and fire's shooting out of a room and you just go and decide to brush your teeth.
  Or maybe play a game of poker.
  Or maybe shine your shoes.
  And they know they've got a large part of the public, not a majority, but a large portion that's in this trance mode.
  And they're just like, yeah, we're going to arrest you for your speech now.
  Yeah, there's going to be a new pandemic.
  We're going to lock up those that don't agree to stay locked down.
  We're going to put you in camps.
  And it's all over the world, the same system the UN runs it.
  And you've got all these leaders and then the head of Google and all of them are just, you know, we're just going to use the UN and America and NATO and we're going to bring in troops when everything collapses.
  And then they're collapsing everything by design and they're bringing in their new world currency.
  And I'm just sitting here watching it happen.
  And then there's a nice little touch.
  I barely made it on air today.
  Because the auction company crew arrived, and they're going around taking photos of every TV and every light and everything, and people have to put labels on things on their desk, you know, family photos and things, that, oh, this isn't owned by InfoWars, for the auction coming up on November 13th.
  And it's not money to pay people damages I owe, that was all rigged.
  No, they don't want money.
  They've said, we want you closed.
  And I don't sit there and go.
  Oh, poor me or the poor crew, though.
  The crew is great, and I feel for them and all the listeners.
  It's emblematic.
  It's the climate we're in.
  We're the canary in the coal mine.
  Of what's coming for everybody.
  And again, you're not gonna have to wait five years for it or 30 years.
  The old timers.
  Because, see, we're not in the old times.
  We're... You know, I remember reading all the, you know, having all the experts on
  William F. Jasper, all those guys that are still around.
  And I'd be like, well, when will they really have the world government going?
  And they're like, well, 2020 is when they go out of beta into operational.
  And by 2025, they'll start banning all your rights and dissolving all the borders.
  And then they'll sort of rest in it because it's all in documents.
  And there's nothing worse than like a book that's a battle plan and they're following it.
  You go, let's see the next page.
  And you say, okay, yeah.
  And then the next one.
  It's like having a program for a play.
  You've got the different acts, the different scenes, and you're okay.
  Coming up next, uh... Hamlet talks to the Skull, or... You know, coming up next... Captain Ahab jumps on top of Moby Dick and sticks a spear in him.
  A harpoon.
  Our next Romeo meets Juliet.
  Our next Romeo and Juliet commit suicide.
  And John Kerry's like, oh, we got to protect freedom.
  We got to ban the First Amendment.
  I put in the Obama deception their plans by the year 2023 to be closing farms around the world and ranches, and now they're doing it.
  People would watch Obama deception.
  I'm showing the documents from the UN.
  They're like, oh, come on.
  And then now it's just right on time.
  Hell, you can almost set your watch by it.
  And let me tell everybody what happens once the Cashless Society is in place.
  They're going to release way deadlier viruses than COVID.
  They're going to release way more deadly shots.
  And people already put up with 30 plus million dead from the shots.
  So now it's going to be, you know, hundreds of millions dead from the next shot.
  And you'll just be like, well, I didn't die, but my wife or husband did, or my kid did, or the neighbor did.
  Well, I just, you know, if I comply, I still get universal basic income put on my phone.
  And okay, well, you know, oh, well, if you criticize it, you know, they take you away because you can't have folks putting out disinformation.
  And they just think they're going to orderly have you do all this.
  And they're going to kill you and your family.
  You understand, they want to murder you.
  And people go, whoa, this guy's scary.
  He can't be on air.
  I can't be on air right now in there because it's all going to happen just like I told you.
  And that's why in the federal filings, they don't want to just take a voice off the air.
  They're claiming on my name, everything I ever did, which clearly the law doesn't say they can do, but they don't care.
  This is the new system.
  Because I could go off the air today, if you've got a hard drive of what I said 25 years ago or 10 years ago or today, and you're watching this a year from now, as fast as this is starting to move, it is going to be so powerful.
  And they know that.
  Because they want you in the future to be believing the latest propaganda for why they're doing each increment.
  They don't want you to look at things in its totality of the whole of where you were, where you are, and where they're taking you.
  So... You've got to become independent.
  That doesn't mean a bunch of money.
  It means...
  Food, water, a farm if you can, or work with folks that have a farm.
  Maybe you're a doctor, maybe you're an auto mechanic, maybe you're an electrician.
  You can move to the country with people that are being sustainable.
  I mean, really sustainable.
  If you're globalist sustainable, it means not sustainable.
  And you've got to understand, you've got to fight in the info war to slow the globalists and wake people up, but you've also got to then go into rearguard actions and get ready, because if we don't get President Trump in,
  And we don't get all these populist groups in, which is happening.
  We're actually winning.
  That's why the enemy's so desperate.
  Then they're going to continue to carry out the next phases, and the next phases are so horrible that I did a great job the last 30 years about covering all the phases that were coming and the current phase we're in.
  And I've talked some about the final phase that we're entering.
  And it's so horrible
  That I have shied away from it.
  Now, I remember a couple years ago seeing the video they were just showing.
  I forget the name of it.
  What's the name of that great animation that the guy's even an animator but he made it and it's a big hit?
  Beyond the Reset.
  In fact, re-upload that to Alex Jones and just say, coming next.
  Or say, this is not, this is not science fiction.
  This is a documentary about the future.
  This is not science fiction.
  This is a documentary about the future if we don't stop it.
  Put it out with that headline.
  And I get the Canadian guy on who made it, and he said, oh, you actually inspired it hearing your shows about what they're going to do.
  And so just from me talking, he saw the future, which is in their actual plans.
  And this is the future, beyond the reset, where you're locked up, and they're slowly killing everybody around you, but they make you opt in to be killed, and then robots take your dead body away.
  Now, we're not there yet, but they're building these facilities everywhere, and this is actually what they'll do.
  The next phase will be a huge attack.
  We'll kill hundreds of millions with an actual virus, then hundreds of millions with the shots, but then the mega attack where they kill almost everybody comes after that.
  So they've done beta, now they're going to hit us with an operational test
  As a probe, and then the and then the big attack comes show everyone listening.
  Most of you will be dead whether it's a year or five years from now.
  I'm not the timelines can change, but it's all been planned out your death.
  How to liquid liquidate your body and then use it for fertilizer.
  Everything's been actuaried, all war planned, down to the final little piece that any humans are allowed to live will be factory-grown humanoids that will just serve as automatons for the globalist biomechanical androids.
  And this is the Brave New World.
  Huxley wrote about it in 31, published in 32.
  In 61, before he died, he wrote Brave New World Revisited, gave speeches.
  You can watch them, listen to them.
  Type in Huxley's Brave New World, New Visited, Berkeley speech, or others, and he says, no, this will be the plan by the 2020s.
  They would like to begin the implementation of it, and they're doing it.
  So it's a big, long-term plan, and if you want to be killed and slowly tortured before they do that, then you can just continue to say you choose not to believe what I'm saying.
  But the good news is we put the alarm out.
  We've warned the people.
  And a lot of folks are listening now and understanding what we're facing.
  And the globalist plan is now falling apart.
  The problem is they're crazy and we'll just try to accelerate it.
  And Hillary has said that a huge October surprise will come.
  And she's saying it will distort and pervert Kamala Harris.
  But then she implies there'll be other October surprises that damage Trump.
  So when she talks, it's a double-edged meaning.
  I want to get into what that means and play that club and so much more.
  But before we go to break, we are in the fight of fights of fights right now.
  And whatever happens to InfoWars, whether we get a good buyer and survive or not, I intend to continue on, but I cannot do it without capital.
  So if you want marching orders, if you choose to be with us and continue on one of the most important or not the most important outlets of the fight against the enemy, I need you to go to thealexjonesstore.com.
  And we have a fundraiser shirt that's more than the other shirts.
  It's 50 bucks.
  A classic InfoWars.
  Deep red on navy blue.
  It's a striking shirt.
  People love it.
  With a red American flag on the right arm with InfoWars.com.
  And by getting this shirt, you either know you saved InfoWars if it survives, which we hope to do and we're working hard to do, or you know you helped with the launch of 2.0.
  But I need capital.
  Plus, these are great shirts.
  The regular shirts are between $30 and $34.
  Made in America.
  Beautiful.
  High quality.
  From the top.
  One of the top designers in the country, Bigley.
  Thealexjonesstore.com.
  But when you get the Save Alex Jones Broadcast shirt, it's $50.
  And that goes to my legal bills because I have been liquidated.
  Absolutely nothing as of two months ago, and now I'm out of bankruptcy.
  Personally, I'm being hunted by the globalist.
  They didn't give me a discharge, but I have to have capital to fund so they can't steal my name, which they're trying in court.
  And they're trying, so you can't do that.
  We're not in Kansas anymore.
  And so they can try to get my social media and the rest of it.
  And I also need to do a lot of other stuff.
  I'll leave it at that.
  This is go hour.
  And I want to thank those that have supported.
  I want to encourage those of you on the fence.
  This is the time to go all in and buy a t-shirt to try to save the country and the world.
  You can't bet on a better place.
  I humbly ask everyone.
  Who's been on the fence, just make the decision to go to thealexjonesstore.com and get the Save Alex Jones Broadcast Limited Edition fundraiser t-shirt.
  And one way or another, I won't give up.
  I won't sell out.
  I can't be bought, but I could give out.
  So I'm asking for your aid and comfort.
  I'm asking for your succor.
  I'm asking for your backing.
  Humbly now, and I will fight to the end.
  I will never surrender.
  I pledge my name, my honor, my treasure, my family on the altar of liberty.
  I have sworn on the altar of God, eternal resistance to all forms of tyranny, but I need your help.
  I want to thank you, and I want to encourage everybody to go to thealexshowstore.com right now.
  Thealexshowstore.com right now.
  And get the ball caps, the t-shirts, all of it.
  And I want to thank those that have, and also my dad's company with great supplements, DRJonesNaturals.com.
  DRJonesNaturals.com.
  Those are the coordinates to keep the info war rolling forward.
  They want to shut us down, but you're not going to let them.
  All right, I want to finish something I was saying there at the end of the other segment, then I'm getting into the most important news ever.
  We've stayed on air for the epic attempted globalist coup against America.
  When they finally move into pure totalitarianism, they have to go, well, of course, we're going to arrest people that criticize us.
  Of course, we're going to get rid of the Supreme Court, not just pack it.
  Well, of course, we're going to ban free speech.
  Well, of course, we're going to have world government.
  Well, of course, we're going to force inject you.
  Of course, we're going to do all I mean, they have to normalize it.
  And it's not going to get any better folks denying it.
  It's not going to get any better.
  Look at human history, all the tyrannies and all the corruption.
  That's more common than liberty.
  Liberty is very rare.
  And now you've got all these tools that evil has that it didn't have before.
  Now we have tools as well.
  And if people's hobby was battling tyranny instead of bowling, and I like bowling too, I do it some.
  My point is, that's all they care about.
  You polish the balls, they're in the league.
  Nah, I can't be bothered with politics.
  Well, it's bothering you.
  You don't believe in the devil.
  The devil believes in you.
  It's coming after you.
  So I was talking about supporting us earlier and I went to break and thought, that's not even strong enough.
  Do you understand they are trying to get through me to get to you?
  You understand epic history is happening right now.
  You understand the enemies of freedom hate this broadcast because I believe in you.
  And they hate your guts and they fear you.
  And they want to cut you off from being able to communicate and know what's happening and communicate with others.
  This is epically important.
  And I'm not mad at anybody, but it shows the mindset of even people that tune in by the tens of millions a day and less than 1% buy anything.
  Forget Alex Jones.
  If the millions of people that tune into this every day made it their focus to fight tyranny and to support Trump and Tucker and Elon Musk and me and others,
  Like you support having a fancy car or something, we beat the New World Order.
  So again, I need to see major support.
  We could be shut down in 44 days here.
  And I worked till 9 o'clock at night last night.
  I'm not complaining.
  I worked almost all of Saturday, almost all Sunday, and I love my children.
  I love my 7-year-old daughter.
  And I'm usually with her a lot.
  I can't because she'll lose everything in the future if we don't beat this.
  That's what I'm saying.
  This is existential.
  This is the big one.
  This is the end of America and crazy tyrants taking control.
  You think they're bad now?
  You've not seen anything.
  I mean, this is serious.
  You think when General Flynn's in here with me, he talk about it, he doesn't know they win, they're coming after us big time?
  And I'm not worried about me, I'm worried about the children, folks.
  These people want to destroy their futures, destroy their innocence.
  We've got to stand for the children.
  We've got to expose the next pandemic and the next UN treaty and everything.
  We're kicking their ass.
  That's why they're desperate.
  We forced them out in the open.
  They're accelerating because they're behind.
  We're winning.
  We have the initiative.
  But people have got to understand, we're in a war for the future.
  Now, here's an example.
  I have a legal emergency that I've got to make a decision on right now.
  That was with lawyers and CPAs until 9 o'clock last night, on Sunday night.
  I've got to get off the air right now to deal with this phone call because I'm in charge.
  I make the decisions.
  And I'm not bragging.
  It's all God working through us.
  But I've survived attacks longer than anybody except Trump.
  Everybody else, they get quick.
  I have to make the decision.
  So I have to go off air.
  It's okay.
  The Tucker Carlson intro was great.
  We'll play a little bit of that.
  I should get done with this quick and I'll be back and I promise I'll hit all of this.
  But this is a microcosm of them frustrating me and trying to keep me away from my mission to draw me off where I've got to defend the platform instead of using the platform to attack the enemy.
  And share the article, share the videos, take clips of the show, re-upload it, send it out on your email list, your text message, say this is forbidden information.
  The enemy's moving mountains to stop this information.
  I can't do it without you.
  Go to thealexjonesstore.com, get the fundraiser shirt, get the other shirts.
  I want to thank those that have it, others that haven't.
  What are you thinking?
  This is about you and your future.
  This is about backing those that will stand and fight.
  As an example, the enemy sees this as a Roman standard they want to take down.
  Support the AllShowsStore.com, InfowarsStore.com, DrJonesNaggles.com.
  Those are the coordinates.
  I'm asking you to make the right decision.
  I'm begging you for all our futures together to take action.
  But regardless, pray for the broadcast.
  Regardless, share the videos and articles and get aggressive about it.
  And again, I want to salute those that have kept us on air and salute the crew.
  Here's the Tucker Carlson.
  I'll be right back.
  Deep in the heart of Texas, the U.S.
  resistance against a global corporate combine, empowered and funded by Communist China, allied with the big megabanks that set up Communist China in 1949.
  The Communist Chinese have taken control of U.S.
  telecommunications infrastructure.
  The Communist Chinese have taken control of Hollywood.
  The Communist Chinese have taken control of the main universities.
  This is all confirmed.
  This is not a drill.
  Big Tech in Silicon Valley is almost completely run by the Communist Chinese government.
  They've officially become state-run.
  Apple 100%.
  Google is now making the transition and announcing a merger and total worldwide censorship.
  They are now beta testing using me as the straw man, a demonized version of Alex Jones, to do that.
  This is happening.
  This is not like the other probes before that were meant to get you used to probes and censorship, thinking you would adapt to censorship by just putting up with it.
  Now this attack is thousands and thousands and thousands of times the magnitude of all previous attacks.
  This is a titrated dose, reverse psychological warfare operation using adapt and overcome, subversion, paradigm manipulation.
  In layman's terms, they are manipulating the fact that we adapt to being oppressed.
  We adapt to being pressed with the low dosages of oppression.
  Now when the megaton hits us of the total takeover, we try to adapt to the poison infusion instead of not knowing.
  It's a lethal dose if we accept the dose.
  Total Internet of Things integration global social score complete command and control system.
  It is the virtual reality AI weapon system now attacking the United States with traitors inside the major security agencies, blocking Trump's resistance of the program and attempting to stop us from removing the tentacles of the Chai Com slash Big Tech hanging combine emergency situation.
  I have been chosen for destruction because I brought you this information and have been battering, ramming it out as much as I can.
  They want to double use me as they always do in any complex system of mathematical deception, where every angle of my good is turned against us.
  So they take what I've said, being sincere, build me into an insincere person in the straw man.
  I'm a person that cares about life and children, and is against these wars, and so they make me a herder of children.
  And then they build me into this lie to then set the distraction while they're actually censoring all of you to make a debate about Alex Jones.
  So even if I didn't sell out to them, they've now used me as an archetype to serve them by being the main distraction.
  I have now been captured by the enemy in the information warfare fulcrum and is being used against you.
  Only your full understanding of this key will break you free from this paradigm.
  I have given you the transmission!
  Now break free!
  I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.
  Thomas Jefferson
  If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance.
  We need you in this global war on terror because clearly you can see things that nobody else can see.
  That's incredible!
  Have you even met anybody who's predicted something like that?
  No, you haven't.
  Like, I've never met anyone.
  I've met everybody.
  I've never met anybody who did anything like that.
  But instead of celebrating Alex Jones for making the most unbelievable call in the history of the news business, they said about the FBI sets about trying to destroy him.
  And so begins this incredible saga of lies about Alex Jones, which you probably all heard about.
  I'm not going to re-litigate it, but that was the FBI that did that.
  And they try to bankrupt Alex Jones.
  They try to put Alex Jones in prison.
  Why would you put the guy who called that in prison?
  This guy is clearly on the side of the United States.
  He's trying to help our country.
  So, that fact, if there's only one thing you know about Alex- Everything I said is 100% true, by the way.
  I'm not guessing, but it's a fact.
  If there's one thing to know about Alex Jones, it's that.
  And on the basis of that, I will always believe and I will always say in public that Alex Jones is the most extraordinary person I've ever met.
  And so I am proud to have him.
  Not having him here because it's like, naughty, ooh, Alex Jones.
  It's like, no, no.
  I'm proud to know Alex Jones.
  I'm proud to know the person who tried to warn the country about the worst terror attack in our history and was persecuted for it.
  And with that, ladies and gentlemen, Alex Jones.
  I don't know how all this is gonna end, but if they wanna fight, they better believe they've got one!
  It just makes me laugh.
  Alex Jones, so controversial.
  Love God, love America, love freedom.
  Oh, you're so radical.
  And Tucker, Alex, the one thing I always give Alex props for, that no one ever gives him credit for, Alex Jones has stood against war for 30 years, every single day of his career.
  Do you feel that, the hope that in the end, there's victory?
  Do you really feel that?
  Barring the globalists starting a nuclear war, but then they'll still get beat in that process.
  Those of us who survive will dig them out of their holes.
  Their bunkers will be their tombs.
  But other than them trying to start World War III, which we're very close to, other than end-of-the-world stuff, our trajectory is victory all over the world.
  Populists are winning all over the world.
  The incumbents are getting thrown out all over the world.
  I mean, you go to a comment on Instagram where they even try to censor
  And Bill Gates does an interview and there'll be 20 million views and I'll read for an hour and can't find one person that isn't exposing him.
  Klaus Schwab had to step down as the head of the WUF.
  The globalists are hated.
  They just had their big Davos meeting earlier this year about getting trust back and I watched the Clinton Foundation with Chelsea up there at her gala going,
  Everyone hates us now more than ever.
  What do we do?
  We've got to censor them more and Hillary crawls out front of Iraq.
  We'll start arresting Americans for their speech.
  That'll teach them!
  I'll get you and your little dog too!
  We have forced them out in the open.
  They're weak.
  The mask is off.
  And now the sleeping giant is awakened.
  Everything you've said about the chemical poisoning of the human body is now just kind of accepted.
  Like, is it weird to see science catch up to you?
  Well, I mean, look, what happened, and I knew what they were doing, this is like 15 years ago.
  I did, like, an hour-long analysis from South African University and a university in Japan, a university of, I think, Rice in Houston, and the University of Berkeley in California, that just a little bit of Atrazine would bend the gender of almost all the frogs, sterilize a lot of them, and turn a large portion of them where they would try to have sex with males and confuse them so much.
  In their development,
  As embryos floating around in the creek or pond.
  And so, I did all that science, then I said, listen, this isn't about hating gay people or something.
  This is about chemicals in the water that turn the friggin' frogs gay.
  I went on to say, and then their populations collapse and they die.
  And the frogs are a microcosm of us.
  Well then, every, within two weeks,
  Every late night comedy show, every one of them, came out and did a monologue and attacked me, and then it turned out later that they were being directed by major foundations and the CIA.
  They even later bragged, oh yeah, Chuck D. Schumer, we work with a body with him and a foundation.
  They actually came to them with a script that said, attack Alex Jones, because they went, ignore the hour of serious stuff he talked about, make it a joke.
  So their joke about frogs
  We're good.
  Like, oh, look, the shots are good.
  We're all getting them.
  Take 10.
  It all works wonderful.
  Ah, you'll arrest Donald Trump.
  That's literally the CIA, the Carnegie Foundation, the Ford Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation assaulting you when you're at home drinking a beer, trying to watch some comedy.
  And so that's, I mean, I didn't, people think I predicted, God, he was right.
  The frogs are all turning gay and then they're dying.
  No, it was, it's been known forever.
  We're good to go.
  at facilities across the United States.
  And it goes on to say, part pig, part human, part cow, part human, so they won't be rejected by the cows that are growing them.
  They then harvest the organs, they harvest the stem cells, and they've got facilities now with thousands of cows per facility with humanoids growing in them.
  And this is in the literature, and they don't like me because I go, here's the literature, but they won't let you on the basis.
  And let me tell you, with the spider goats 25 years ago,
  I call up one of the places in New York where they've got goats that are part spider, okay?
  And their milk makes body armor.
  And I get the head guy, a private contractor in the Pentagon, he's happy.
  He comes on, two days later he calls back, he goes, the Pentagon's really mad.
  They didn't even tell me it was classified.
  They're gonna kill me if you don't take down that interview, okay?
  So you're hearing all this, look up spider goats, 30 year old stuff, okay?
  All of this, so as good as I tell you stuff is, it's also bad because there's a breakaway civilization that's really, in like the year 2045, according to their estimates, they've already got way more advanced AI, everything else, but they
  They can't get full control of the human population yet, because in an hour, if we wanted to tear up all the equipment and the AI systems and shut it down, we could.
  It's not that it's bad in and of itself, it's how it's being deployed against us.
  That's why they've got to get rid of the farms, and the ranches, and the gardens, and people knowing how to build things and do things.
  They've got to make us obsolete first, and then they're going to release the real bioweapons that kill the majority of people.
  That's why
  COVID was just a drill, they admit it was, to get us locked down, so when they release the real bioweapon, you just stay at home and die like you're supposed to.
  But we're not gonna do it!
  And if they release the big bioweapon, we know who to go after, Bill Gates!
  We'll get you in your bunker, and Zuckerberg will bring you to justice, legally and lawfully, through the court system.
  And if you look at the politicians, and Democrats particularly,
  They are not connected to reality, so to them, everything human is scared- scary.
  They want sanitized, uh, shrunken- I mean, if you look at Democrat Party politicians, they look like a demonic spider sucked their life force out.
  So, these are- Wait, wait, wait, wait.
  I'm sorry, I want you to stop.
  When you look at a Democratic politician, they look like a demonic spider sucked their life force out.
  I just want to acknowledge that as a great description.
  And you've been around him in person, so have I. I mean, the vibes.
  20 feet from Hillary, you repel.
  She's up there like, jack-o'-lantern.
  I can't even make a face.
  I mean, horrifying.
  And they're slithering around.
  I'm not really sure how Kamala Harris became
  The Democratic nominee went in like one day from being someone everybody made fun of to being the most heroic figure in human history.
  I'm still kind of bewildered by it, but I would be interested in your take on Kamala Harris.
  Who is Kamala Harris and how'd she get here?
  That's a great question.
  Well, Kamala Harris got the same amount of votes in the primaries as Ronald McDonald, which is zero.
  Kamala Harris is a soulless, truly empty flesh bag who was admittedly a sex operative.
  It's clear that Kamala Harris was a political sex operative.
  Willie Browns talked about it, all of it.
  And then she was so soulless and would put innocent people in prison.
  No, they were innocent on death row.
  All right, I just dealt with that emergency problem.
  And at some point, I'm going to be able to tell everybody about this.
  But.
  The Democratic Party is openly.
  In federal court trying to buy this operation at the auction and trying to make sure it stays in the auction.
  That they own Alex Jones, the name.
  And they own my real Alex Jones account on X. And again, if you're new viewer, that doesn't sound real.
  You just Reuters AP Sandy Hook families want Alex Jones is social media and his name.
  So that, and anywhere I go, they say, you can't be Alex Jones anymore, we now own you.
  It's a violation of the 13th Amendment, it's slavery.
  You're like, that's impossible.
  They're taking eight-year-olds away from families that the school's brainwashed, they're really a girl and they're a boy, and they want to get fast-tracked to be sterilized, and the parents tell them that's not right, and it's child abuse and the child's taken, in many states.
  That doesn't sound real, right?
  The Pentagon's got a project that's in the news to create synthetic meat and ban cows.
  Doesn't sound real.
  It's happening.
  There's federal initiatives here and in other countries where all the new housing being built in many areas is 250 square foot coffins that you live in, and then you pay way more percentage-wise for what you get, and they call it, you know, liberal and loving.
  In the UK, and I didn't see it on my list, but I posted it on X yesterday, so grab it, or maybe it's there, but I missed it.
  It's an old woman at her house.
  She's lived for many years.
  But the code enforcers are able to say, because the house isn't in perfect upkeep, that they're going to take the house and force the sale to Muslim invaders.
  And so they, there's a housing shortage in the UK, so they take your house, kick you out, using code enforcement, because the invaders are going to get a government grant to fix the house.
  Oh, some of your roof needs to be repaired.
  Well, I don't have money.
  I'm a pensioner.
  Well, you're out on the street, old lady.
  Remember the videos 10 years ago in Italy, the old man crying in his little hotel?
  Three generations?
  The North Africans come in, they kick the guest out and say, now these people live here, and by the way, you don't get paid.
  And he's crying, because he just had his home commandeered.
  You know, that's in the Constitution, it's in the Bill of Rights, that you can't quarter troops or have standing armies inside the U.S., because the British would come up and say, everybody out of your house, we're going to live in here.
  Well, now they quarter foreigners in people's houses or in your sports stadium.
  Remember all the cases in Texas and Illinois and New York?
  California, where you'd have a middle school, high school.
  They'd say, well, no football this year, or no volleyball, or gym classes canceled.
  Illegal aliens are going to live in there now.
  And you got the mothers on TV.
  Well, we're in a high-crime area, and what keeps my sons out of trouble is the after-school athletics, and they just canceled that.
  And I got to work as a janitor till 6 p.m.
  every night, and then it takes me an hour to get home, and I'm worried about my sons.
  They're going to get killed.
  Remember those clips?
  I mean, this is sick.
  And it's all about seeing what they can make us take.
  And that's where we are.
  And I have to sit here and decide, well, I gotta go file objections in federal court.
  Because if I don't have the lawyers, and we don't do the briefings, and we don't go fight them, and I don't oppose it, they got a precedent to not just take my name and not just take my social media, but take yours.
  Remember, Alex Jones is a test case.
  They chose me.
  They've said on the news.
  We tested on him.
  They experiment on me.
  And I'm not a victim.
  At one level, I love it.
  Because I asked for this fight.
  I took them on.
  I wanted to hurt the globalists.
  I wanted to turn things around.
  I wanted to protect the innocents.
  It's an instinct with me.
  It's a spirit.
  But the other side doesn't like being shut down.
  And doesn't like being messed with.
  But you know what?
  I asked for this.
  We're all in God's plan, but that's why I humbly ask you to realize where we are and how epic and urgent and existential, life-threatening, not just the future of the Republic, but your very life, your very bodily autonomy with these scumbags coming after everything.
  With their poison shots and the medical martial law and the UN treaties.
  And again, they're all over TV.
  Oh, we're going to have UN troops.
  We're going to have NATO controlling.
  Oh, we're going to arrest everybody.
  Oh, we're going to put you in jail for your speech.
  They're passing laws in California.
  John Kerry, Hillary Clinton, they're tampon Tim.
  They're all on TV.
  You don't have a First Amendment if we say it's disinfo.
  And they define disinfo as anything truthful.
  So I'm going to reset, start the next hour, and I'm going to drill through these articles that I've mentioned in detail.
  I'm going to open the phones up for all of you ahead of Ezra Levin.
  He's flown down here from Canada.
  He's got Rebel Media, great journalist, great organization.
  Talk about the state of the world and where this is all going.
  And I'll continue to broadcast into the fourth hour today.
  But when Elon Musk declares, if Trump is not elected, quote, if Trump is not elected, this will be the last election, says voting Trump was the only way to save America.
  That's not hyperbole.
  That's not hype.
  That's exactly where we are.
  And it's actually worse than he's saying, because then you've got to define what they're going to do to us once they get full control.
  So, this isn't a game.
  This is an entertainment show.
  You're not watching a movie here.
  I know most of you know that.
  This is a war.
  Find your survival instinct.
  Find your life force.
  Cry out to God for guidance.
  And get fired up.
  All right, we'll be right back with our number two.
  Please, Paul Reveres, spread the live links at Real Alex Jones now.
  Do it now.
  So there's something called declared national emergencies, declared national emergencies.
  And if I was to ask you, you know, do we have any declared national emergencies in this country right now?
  Most people would go, I don't know, go right over your heads.
  We actually have 43.
  So 43 current declared national emergencies that are on the books, and a President of the United States can enact any one of them.
  What does it mean?
  It means that if a President of the United States wants to trigger that state of emergency, it then triggers an additional 150 statutes or laws.
  All the President has to do is say,
  Pull the trigger, okay?
  And once they pull the trigger, 150 laws kick in, and those statutes that when they kick in, it gives extraordinary power.
  It gives the power to the president, and then the president can push that power down to their various cabinet ministries, like Department of Agriculture can declare all farms are now gonna be owned by the United States government.
  They can declare all banks.
  They can shut banks down, or they can shut you down in your banks.
  While other networks lie to you about what's happening now, InfoWars tells you the truth about what's happening next.
  Visit InfoWars.com forward slash show and share the link today.
  America has basically gangrene, a bacterial infection that's eating our flesh.
  And broadcasts like InfoWars are penicillin.
  And if we don't get penicillin into the blood,
  They plan to purge the living hell out of this country and just do stuff that will make the Soviet Union look like a walk in the park.
  And I want to be 100% clear with viewers.
  Do you understand that's not hype?
  And I want to make something very clear.
  The globalists want to target everybody, including their own idiot followers.
  It was mainly their followers that got poisoned with the shots and the rest of it.
  They're just people that don't realize they're under attack.
  They're first on the dinner menu.
  Those of us fighting them are in the way.
  And look, I've got hundreds of articles, hundreds of incredible clips.
  I've got Tim Walz being booed everywhere and Kamala being booed and Trump being loved at huge Alabama games.
  That's all red meat.
  It shows he's really way ahead and of course going to win unless they steal it.
  But that's still kind of mainline conservative stuff.
  The good news is
  I can see the urgency and the real understanding that the globalists want us dead, the globalists want to kill us, the globalists want to depopulate us, the globalists want to totally conquer us, and the way to really do that is just genocide people.
  And I'm seeing Elon Musk, Trump, Tucker Carlson now sound just like me.
  And it's not because they're even following what I'm saying, though they do listen.
  It's that they can see it with their own eyeballs.
  And I've always talked about this paradox, and it sounds crazy to say all these horrible things, even though it's happening.
  But then the people warning about it are the ones that they say are crazy.
  It's like, you see these cases every day in the news.
  Here's one famous one.
  There's lawsuits over it.
  LA.
  Upscale South Korean spa.
  And Koreans, like the Russians and everybody else, like big steam baths, naked, big hot tubs.
  They have a men's area and a women's area.
  And the women get naked with the women, and the men, you know, go naked into them like everybody has in culture, back to the Romans, everything.
  And then you have transgender men
  They don't even look like women.
  I've seen them on the news.
  Big old guys with big beards and huge penises walk in with Korean women who've been with one man in their life.
  Grandma's there.
  The little girls are there.
  They're all in a hot tub, and here comes a dude with a, you know, giant pecker, and he gets in the water with them, and they all freak out and run, and the media's like, how dare them not like it?
  And then the pervert sues.
  And you're like, that doesn't even sound real.
  But you all know it's a real story.
  You can pull it up.
  So they've captured our children.
  They're capturing our country.
  They're capturing our souls.
  They have these big pedo parades where they march the kids out in front of the parade as they're captured slaves.
  That doesn't sound real, but it is real.
  And we got to talk about it.
  And we got to deal with it.
  All right?
  I mean, this is real evil, folks.
  It's making its move.
  I'm going to cover it all and take your calls straight ahead.
  All right.
  Here's what I want to do.
  And I really should be doing more of this because I enjoy your calls, and the listeners like it, and people should be able to sound off more.
  And here in the last 44 days or whatever, guys, do the math.
  How long is it until November 13th?
  That's when InfoWars goes up for sale, and if we don't get somebody good that overbids,
  And I've got mainstream news, corporate media today.
  George Soros is putting in a bid, or they say they are, through Media Matters.
  They say that they want to get it to harass me and try to claim they own me and have a legal standing to come after me.
  And that's just a symptom of the disease of tyranny.
  But it shows you where we are.
  And why they were so desperate 12 weeks ago without a court order, the Justice Department had the U.S.
  trustee in the case because the Justice Department came and got involved in the case.
  They can do that.
  Order this place shut down without a court order.
  Now, the judge fired him when it happened.
  Took him two weeks to have a hearing.
  Never seen anything like it.
  And did I say, oh, poor me, then?
  I said that day.
  In fact, we played the clips.
  I did it that Friday, that Saturday, that Sunday, that Monday.
  And Monday we had Laura Logan on, and I just kept saying Laura Logan.
  In fact, I want Abdu or somebody or one of the crew to find the clip.
  I said like 15 times, I said, listen, Laura, this isn't about me.
  They're getting ready for a coup and to kill Trump.
  The Justice Department, without a court order, tried to shut this place with armed security, and they refused to.
  I said, where's the order?
  I'm calling the police.
  They said, yeah, we need an order.
  They have a security company.
  What are we told to do here?
  That wasn't about me, people.
  That's martial law.
  And when you're getting ready to do something like kill the president, you want somebody off-air who will come out day one and say it's an inside job they stood down, which is now confirmed.
  In Mar-a-Lago and in Pennsylvania.
  In Florida and in Butler, Pennsylvania.
  So, everybody's like, wow, you're really freaked out about getting shot down.
  I said, I'm not freaked out about that.
  That means the enemies launched their offensive.
  Good God!
  Paul Revere wasn't running around down the roads in New England saying the British have landed because he was worried about him.
  He was warning everybody the damn British had landed.
  God Almighty!
  I mean, do you get it?
  This is it.
  This is the big one.
  There's no doubt about it.
  The deep state is going to stage false flags.
  Shoot down Trump's plane with a service terror missile and say Iran did it.
  General Flynn told you the deep state did it.
  He said last night, no doubt they're the ones behind it.
  God, what a powerful 89 minute interview.
  That's how long the thing is commercial free.
  And I don't even have the crew.
  The last CRO crush just took all our money away.
  Tired people.
  And then, the crew's great.
  But a third of the crew we've got as video editors and uploaders have all just had babies, so I'm glad we're breeding prodigiously up here, but we don't even have people to do it.
  So... Lot of life around here.
  It's a good sign of things, isn't it?
  But...
  Somebody's got to go into the Flynn interview where he talks about, no doubt, the deep state tried to kill Trump.
  General Flynn says, no doubt, deep state was behind Trump assassinations.
  Boom.
  Five minute clip.
  Ten million views.
  Move the ball.
  Move the needle.
  So, listeners, I don't have the people.
  You've got to go to the Flynn interview on X. You've got to get the clips.
  Tweet them at me.
  I'll repost them.
  You've got to be the M4 Wars Army now.
  And whatever happens to me, if they indict me or kill me, or kill me in second minute suicide, which I would never do, if I do die of suicide, they killed me.
  You need to download these shows.
  You need to save them because they're going to become ultra green.
  Something that's time sensitive and only interesting at the time is not evergreen.
  Something that's always interesting is evergreen.
  A movie like The Godfather, or 2001 Space Odyssey, or the Bible.
  But what's ultra green?
  A term I invented.
  Ultra green gets better with time.
  These broadcasts, and everything we've talked about with our guests and everybody, are ultra green.
  They get better with time.
  They don't just stand the test, they get more powerful.
  So,
  We're entering a phase, if we don't get Trump in, and even still then, he's being handed a total disaster, and they'll keep trying to kill him.
  So don't put all your eggs in that basket, though.
  God's hand's on Trump.
  Pray for Trump.
  One of the most important things you can do, obviously.
  But, we're entering a phase, if the enemy's able to do the internet shutdown and the big false flags and go into full martial law, the resistance is big.
  We're going to beat them.
  But it's going to be a long, protracted situation in most war games that I and others have done.
  But I can tell you, in the future, having these shows recorded where you can show them individually to people will be worth its weight in diamonds for freedom in the future.
  This broadcast in the future, if the enemy is able to
  Sweep.
  I like it to a surfer gets hit by a big wave and get sucked down under.
  Just hold your breath.
  You're going to get popped out.
  Maybe 10 seconds, maybe a minute.
  Hold your breath.
  Relax.
  You're going to get shot back out.
  But if you panic and gulp water, you're going to die.
  So I hope we can get above this wave.
  But if we get under the wave, then you just got to be cool like Fonzie and know that what they're doing is pure evil, totally illegal, totally satanic, and it's not going to work.
  Never has long term, never will.
  And the dog ain't gonna hunt here.
  For sure.
  But... That's where we are.
  We go from horrible, terrible, rough future to just total disaster, mass death, total extermination.
  So, we got a rough road to go down if we do the right thing and count our lucky stars.
  It goes from really rough times to just revelation level evil.
  Which is what it's gonna be.
  So, all the candy asses and the establishment churches and all the mainline conservatives and everybody that just thinks that the good times are going to keep rolling, rolling, rolling.
  Like the Cars song.
  Let the good times roll.
  Maybe we should play that a minute.
  Let them throw you around.
  Oh my God.
  But you know, it was the good times put us to sleep.
  The good times made us forget what's really important.
  So I want to open the phones up on all the different Democrats on TV saying we're going to ban free speech, we're going to arrest everybody, we're going to put people in camps, we're going to abolish the Supreme Court, which is an executive state coup.
  That's on Bill Maher.
  They're passing laws to arrest you for memes in California.
  They're trying to pass laws to ban your gas stove.
  I mean, it's just everything.
  They're coming for everything.
  They're passing laws to take your kids away and cut their genitals off.
  They're passing laws to keep babies alive for nine months and harvest their organs.
  And they deny it when it's been passed by at least 15 states, including Tampon-Tempe State, Minnesota.
  So, we're here.
  And it's only going to get worse until people wake up.
  And you will wake up one way or another.
  You may wake up when the drones are flying down the street, and the big trash trucks, robot-driven, are pulling up and getting the dead bodies, and your wife and kids are dead, and for some reason you're immune to the new virus, and you're sitting there with the electricity off and no food, and half the city's dead.
  Just go pray to Jesus, repent that you didn't wake up and take action, and get your heart right.
  And then realize you're not going to hurt the system.
  Getting in a firefight with the cops, whose their family will be mainly dead.
  And just know that often luxurious places, people like Zuckerberg will be in their bunkers while we're all dying.
  But, our people are everywhere.
  And they're watching the enemy.
  And when we all jump on their private jets,
  This week, next month, a year from now, whatever it is.
  And the private airports are full of all the establishment and their minions, loaded up with all their crap, flying off to their armored fortresses.
  That's another key to know when they're about to pull the trigger on a new bioweapon.
  Or a nuclear war.
  But after the dust settles, we know where to get the medicine and food we need as survivors, don't we?
  And that's what matters at the end.
  Is we will get these people.
  I may not be around for it.
  A lot of you won't be around for it.
  But don't get on the bus when they tell you they're relocating you for your safety when all the food and energy is off.
  Because you go to that forced labor camp, you ain't ever coming back.
  This is how it works in history.
  Happens all the time.
  People forget freedom.
  They don't stand up for themselves.
  And the tyrants take over.
  And they don't just not care about you.
  They hate you.
  They want to hurt you.
  I always hear, oh, the new order doesn't care about the people.
  Oh, the Democrats don't care.
  Oh, they do care.
  They love partying and taking drugs and getting their hair done and flying around on private jets while your kids are all locked up in the house with you and you're going bankrupt.
  They enjoy hurting you.
  It makes them enjoy their lives so much more.
  And hey, only people you got to blame is yourself, right?
  I mean, I'm not saying you're to blame.
  They obviously are the really bad people, but
  Hey, I get it.
  You know, a lot of fun stuff.
  A lot of movies to see.
  A lot of concerts.
  Let somebody else handle that.
  Well, the New World Order is going to handle you.
  And they're making their move.
  You're like, well, they'll never get away with that.
  I mean, this is America.
  Have you looked around, boys and girls, at where we are and how fast things are going downhill?
  Yeah, 12 states are planning to ban the sale of gas-powered cars.
  Seen that news.
  Well, you'll just get an electric car.
  Oh, sorry, there'll be energy shortages.
  Not enough electricity for them.
  See how that works?
  Oh, you can have a car, there'll just be no energy for it.
  Isn't that sweet?
  Because that's the most basic way to control you, is take everything away from you.
  And then, you're a domesticated animal.
  Then you're a slave.
  You're like a...
  Fish in a fish tank, and if it don't get fed, it dies.
  And they like that control.
  They like having you on a real short leash.
  You like people watching you and controlling you and telling you what to do, and they own your body, they own your kids, they tell you what you're going to eat, where you're going to go, you want to live under a social credit score, well, they're getting it going for you.
  And see, the alternative is freedom and liberty.
  But you've got to decide that you actually care.
  And for so many people, like the video I showed last hour,
  There's a big fire in Walmart and the women just stare at it, just keep shopping.
  They're not worried a giant fire is about to engulf them.
  It's like that famous video out of California with a huge fire raging just 100 yards away and the men just keep playing golf.
  Oh, that big fire is on the other side of the highway.
  That's not going to jump the highway and bother me.
  Big fire shooting up the ceiling.
  Women are just looking at the produce, reading the labels.
  Walking right by the fire.
  I'll let somebody else put it out.
  You know, I'm not worried about anything.
  Take it to the front, Joe.
  I gotta get the footage.
  All right, I don't want to give the phone number out, the toll-free number to join us.
  Just put 10 on the board because I don't want anybody on hold next hour when Ezra Vance is in the studio.
  The question is, what do you make of the Democrats openly in their coup against liberty, openly in their coup against all of our basic bedrock freedoms, openly announcing they want to abolish everything in the name of liberty, total inversion of reality,
  Hillary's October surprise.
  She had a double meaning.
  She's like, oh, well, it's gonna hurt Kamala, but there'll be one that hurts Trump.
  Yeah, another assassination attempt.
  Maybe they kill Trump.
  A war.
  Got a clip of Hillary coming up.
  Hillary Clinton predicts big October surprise that will distort and pervert Kamala Harris.
  Let's go ahead and roll that clip right now.
  Here it is.
  Brief final question.
  You liken yourself to Cassandra.
  The Greek mythological figure who could see the future and the prophecies, but was never believed.
  Putting that Cassandra hat on for the moment, but we're listening.
  What is something you see happening in the near future that we should be taking more seriously?
  Well, I do think that the press needs a consistent... I mean, the press is not supporting Trump blatantly.
  Very persistently.
  The press is trying to be the press, be objective, be, you know, reporting the facts.
  The press needs a consistent narrative about the danger that Trump poses.
  Because, you know, people may still look at the dangers and say, I don't care.
  It doesn't affect me.
  I'm going to vote for X, Y, or Z. But OK.
  But at least people need to be woken up and given the facts about what he has done, is saying, and would do.
  And I anticipate that something will happen in October, as it always does.
  You know, the Russians
  As I said earlier, are very active in this election.
  We know the Iranians are active as well.
  Chinese uses TikTok or they certainly did against Biden and for Trump.
  I think they're a little less total crap pro Trump right now.
  So you look at where people get their information and they get their information largely from social media.
  And so the campaign is doing the best job it can to combat that, combat both domestic and foreign false disinformation.
  But I anticipate there will be a full court press in October.
  The digital airwaves will be filled.
  And why does that matter?
  Because the press that is pro-Trump anyway, oftentimes stories are put on digitally that then are picked up by, let's say, at Fox and others.
  And then those stories are stories so the mainstream press reports on them.
  And so that story then takes on a life of its own.
  There will be concerted efforts to distort and pervert Kamala Harris, who she is, what she stands for, what she's done.
  I mean, look, I mean, the crazy story about me running a child trafficking operation out of a basement, a pizzeria.
  Don't laugh.
  It was a huge story.
  And it got one young man in North Carolina to get in his car with his, you know, assault rifle and drive up to liberate these non-existent children and shoot up a pizzeria in Washington, D.C.
  This is dangerous stuff.
  It starts online, often on the dark web, it migrates, it's picked up by the pro-Trump media, it's then reported on by everybody else, which makes sure it has about 100% coverage,
  And people believe it.
  So I don't know what it's going to be, but it will be something and we'll have to work very, very hard to make sure that it is exposed as the lie that it is.
  The New York Times, when we had the WikiLeaks of Podesta and them and Alisher Crowley rituals, quote, the seven-year-old kids and eight-year-old kids will be in the hot tub at the farmhouse for your entertainment.
  And we got $57,000 of hot dogs being delivered to Obama.
  That's gay prostitute code word.
  And it's all in there.
  And so they had 4chan, their operatives, say it was all at a pizza place to divert off onto that.
  They kill a story with a story.
  So here's the toll-free number to join us.
  877-789-2539.
  877-789-Alex.
  877-789-2539.
  We're in the coup.
  They know they're losing the information war.
  We have the truth.
  They have lies.
  They've turned the lies up to 11.
  They're openly saying, get rid of all of our basic freedoms.
  Arrest people for their speech.
  Because people know they're telling the biggest lies ever.
  That the border was secure under Kamala.
  Or that she was what the borders are.
  Or that it was Trump's fault.
  But now the border's great.
  Now it's terrible.
  Now it's Trump's fault.
  Or, I want to ban fracking.
  I never said that.
  Or, I'm going to ban your guns.
  I never said that.
  I mean, it's ridiculous.
  The biggest liars in history saying they want to control what we can say and what we can do.
  And then running around and suing and indicting and attacking all the most prominent people that are exposing their ass.
  And for me, this is an easy job because I'm a fighter and I know I'm telling the truth.
  I make occasional mistakes, but I want to tell the truth.
  We've got a very high accuracy rate of 97, 98%.
  But what we need to get the general public to understand is this is not a spectator sport.
  This is about you.
  And you're like, well, what do I do?
  Just share the article, share the video, share this show, share Tucker, share Elon Musk.
  I mean, Elon Musk is reaching hundreds of millions a day, conservatively, devastating them.
  It might as well be Alex Jones over there, but he does it even better.
  And he says, we're going into total tyranny.
  The country's over if you don't elect Trump.
  That's true.
  And so we just have to get maximum urgency out there.
  877-789-2539.
  How do we respond to the coup?
  What do you think their black swans are going to be?
  Their black swan on her is that she was over the border and helped smuggle in 325,000 missing kids, and they stopped the DNA testing to make sure the smugglers could do it, and they've disappeared the kids.
  That's not debatable.
  That is the black swan Trump should be putting forward.
  He's done it some.
  But not 1, 100th of what he should have.
  And I get it, his campaign people are like, that's too dark, sir.
  The media criticizes us when you get dark, because it's, we are, it is dark.
  And dark is effective because that's what it is.
  You call your neighbor and go, hey Bob, it's midnight, I see your house is on fire, you need help?
  Oh God, thanks Jim, I didn't know my house was on fire.
  It's not, why are you telling me something dark?
  Well, oh actually I smell the smoke, thank you.
  When things are bad, and the floodwaters are rising, you get to high ground.
  It's not dark to admit you're in trouble.
  Again, I'm going to say this.
  I need... We're going to break.
  Come back, take your calls, and cover all the rest of the news and clips.
  I'm asking for your help right now.
  I'm asking you to go to thealexshowstore.com.
  Most of the money goes to InfoWars, and hopefully that gets bought and saved and keeps going.
  That's great.
  Some of it goes in the sponsorship thing to me, so that I can fight these legal battles and work with others to get the new system set up, which I'm not even waiting on.
  I'm working with folks in case this gets shut down, so I'm working.
  Harder than a one-armed man paper hanger or a one-legged man in an asking contest.
  You've got my commitment.
  But it'll make it so much easier for me to fight the enemy effectively when they take us off air if they're successful a few days after Trump's elected when all hell's breaking loose.
  If you support us in this fight, if you give aid to the soldiers of liberty in the information war that have proven our effectiveness and our trustworthiness and our commitment
  I'm committed to you.
  I'm not going to stop regardless.
  I'll talk to people on the street corner if I'm homeless, but I can be more effective in the fight.
  But if they blow up this Death Star, to use that analogy, because that's how they see us as a Death Star, well, we need to get the new one built, which is basically built.
  It just needs to be fully armed and operational.
  So you can't bet anywhere
  On a number, if this was roulette, that would give you a bigger win against tyranny, but I need you to make the bet.
  Because if you don't, you're putting your head between your legs and kissing your ass goodbye.
  We've got a fundraiser shirt, the classic InfoWars shirt, a bunch of other great ones, but get the InfoWars fundraiser shirt at thealexjonestore.com, thealexjonestore.com.
  Please take action now, thealexjonestore.com, and don't forget our other great sponsor, dotterjonesnaturals.com.
  Those are the coordinates.
  I'm asking for your aid and comfort now.
  Take action now, and if you don't, that's your decision.
  We'll be right back.
  President Trump gives every indication by what he says and what he does and what he doesn't do that he's mean as a wolverine.
  It's 11.59 at Radio Free America, and this is Uncle Sam with music and the truth until dawn.
  Right now, I've got a few words for some of our brothers and sisters in the occupied zone.
  The chair is against the wall.
  John has a long mustache.
  It's 12 o'clock, Americans, another day closer to victory.
  And for all of you out there on or behind the lines, this is your song.
  But they took a lot of people away.
  People that they thought were gonna make trouble for them.
  People that had guns or things they wanted, they just took them away.
  Where?
  Re-education camps, that's what they call it.
  So part of it is we have to break through our kind of private idea that kids belong to their parents or kids belong to their families and recognize that kids belong to whole communities.
  I have decided we really need camps for adults.
  And we need the type of camps
  What kind of a situation in the U.S.
  would you see that happening?
  I mean, we've got a lot of constitutionless and a lot of people that stockpile weapons.
  Plus, you have a lot of people that are coming out of the military that have the ability and the knowledge to build IEDs and to defeat law enforcement techniques.
  These people are radicalized and they don't support the United States and they're disloyal to the United States.
  It's our right and our obligation to segregate them from the normal community.
  That's what we're doing here, and let's not kid about it.
  We're building a domestic army because the government is afraid of its own citizens.
  Seriously?
  Put your gun down, really?
  Rallying patriots worldwide in defense of human liberty.
  It's Alex Jones.
  Are you some kind of a constitutionalist?
  So these people who hold themselves out to be patriots are not.
  They're nothing more than domestic terrorists.
  If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance.
  President Trump gives every indication by what he says, and what he does, and what he doesn't do, that he's mean as a wolverine.
  Wolverines!
  Well, our granddaddies told us about it, the coming new world order, and boy were they right.
  But thanks to them,
  We've got a leg up in this fight.
  We've got the initiative.
  All over the world, big anti-globalists just won the election in Austria.
  Same thing's happening everywhere.
  And that's why the globalists want to go ahead and bring in full martial law.
  And how are they going to do it?
  Terror attacks, power outages, cyber attacks, wars.
  You see it all happening.
  So, we're in a fight.
  The whole future, and I keep explaining that, and I know everybody gets it, but it's got to really sink in.
  As I told you years ago and months ago, I said it's just going to get crazier after this election.
  And then once he's president-elect... Katie, bar the door.
  And again, if people understand what the globalists are up to, anything they do will turn against them.
  Even if they kill Trump.
  But you gotta explain who's behind it up front.
  You gotta be like General Flynn and say the deep states who's trying to kill Trump.
  You gotta have the courage to say the truth.
  You gotta call out the system that our country's hijacked.
  And yeah, that makes you a target, but we're all targets anyways.
  It's time for everybody to stop sticking their head in the sand and stop running.
  Running isn't gonna get you anywhere, but dead.
  It's time to fight.
  This is an information war.
  That's why they want to censor.
  Because we're winning that war.
  They want to make it physical because they're losing.
  But you've got to carry out the truth in the information war like it's a war because it is.
  This isn't a hobby.
  It's not some side thing you do.
  And everybody's going to discover this.
  It's just going to get worse and worse and worse until everybody's like, whoa, we better do something.
  You don't want to be at that point when they turn the power off.
  I expect any morning to wake up or to wake up in the middle of the night and the air conditioner's off and everything's dead black.
  Or I expect to wake up with air raid sirens and ICBMs are coming in.
  Or mass terror attacks have hit.
  Or Iran's supposedly attacked.
  Or Trump's dead.
  Or his plane blew up.
  Nobody knows what happened.
  And the NTSC, just like Flight 93, will say it just crashed on its own.
  Even though the Air Force didn't follow orders and shot 93 down.
  Before it was going to the Capitol.
  So, yeah, you're in a war.
  All of you are veterans of a bio-attack with the virus and the poison shots.
  You're in an undeclared globalist war against you and your family.
  All right, I'm gonna go to your calls.
  Jonathan, Baker, Michael, Will, Donnie, Anonymous, Rich, Raymond, Baldy, we'll get to all of you.
  Michael in Washington, you're on the air, go ahead.
  Hey, Alex, I love you, brother.
  Love you too, brother.
  And let me tell you, I'm about 10 years older than you.
  In 92, when our government tried to annihilate Randy Weaver's family up in Idaho, it woke me up full.
  When they shot his wife through the head while she was holding a baby, I knew what they were doing.
  That's right.
  And they shot a mother holding her baby.
  If they can do that, they're going to get
  They have no problem with the rest of us.
  I was on boots on the ground down in 2014 down at the Bundy Ranch, shook hands with Clive and Bundy.
  I went down there because of you.
  I also, at the same time, was working for a place called the United States Northern Commander.
  Colorado Springs.
  I used to be badged to go right into Cheyenne Mountain.
  For folks that don't know, that's the real government.
  That's the alternate government command base.
  I worked in the bowels of it, and I will say that there are a lot of patriots there.
  I worked with some really good patriots, and I was a patriot, and am a patriot, and that's why I was working there, and I did some pretty cool stuff.
  But what I wanted to say to you, you've made the connection
  And I love the Tucker thing, because Tucker really admires you.
  But I really admire you, too, because what you do is make that connection between what God's Word is.
  If you read Ephesians 6, and it's in verse 12, our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but it's against spiritual forces of evil.
  And that's what you've done and highlighted, that this is a spiritual battle.
  That's what we're in.
  And you've made that connection.
  And so when you see a Hillary Clinton or you see a Podesta or you see, you know, Obama, these are not, the flesh and blood is not what's against, it's their spiritual force.
  And what you have mobilized is us to fight against that.
  And we are, and we are going to win.
  We are going to win.
  So even though bad times are upon us and these awful things are happening,
  Our spiritual, collective spiritual force is fighting against them right now.
  And I just wanted to tell you that I so appreciate what you've done over the years.
  Brother, I appreciate you, but listen.
  You know, my family told me this was coming, and I looked it up, and it was all true, and now we're here, we're all in this together.
  I just keep repeating the same thing.
  I hope the public realizes the urgency, because people are starting to wake up, they're starting to get concerned, but you're absolutely right.
  When you look at these globalists, they're everywhere saying, ban free speech, arrest all our enemies.
  That is not a position of strength by them.
  People go, okay, well, we're winning.
  Yeah, hearts and minds, but that means they're going to make their move.
  They're going to pull some horrible crap
  And I just, it's just so horrible.
  I mean, these people are so damn evil.
  They are, but that's our battle.
  I mean, thank God for an interesting life.
  It would be boring if there wasn't anything to fight against.
  I look at it very positively.
  We are going to defeat them, but we do it together.
  And, you know, if you read Jefferson's words, if you read the Declaration of Independence, it's a spiritual document.
  It's a human rights document.
  And it says that after a long train of abuses, that's when we get our stuff together.
  So you have to endure a lot of pain and suffering.
  But that's what coalesces good.
  To defeat him.
  And I've experienced being persecuted for 30 years by them.
  To me, it's like another level of video game.
  Each time it just gets harder because we're having bigger effects.
  And now I see horrible stuff happening and go, wow, that means we're about to have big victory, and we always do.
  You're absolutely right.
  Great call.
  Thank you, sir.
  I got to move quickly to everybody.
  Thank you.
  Will in North Carolina.
  Folks are really getting hit hard in the South, obviously, with the hurricane.
  Pray for them.
  Will, welcome here on the air.
  Yes.
  How you doing, Alex?
  Good.
  Go ahead.
  Great.
  I just wanted to just kind of piggyback on what he said, and I kind of wrote up something right here.
  I heard a while back, it was a couple years ago, the Hopi prophetic story of this great time that we're in and how it began.
  And they say that they came at once, you know, from dark stars and underneath.
  And it's ultimately a mind virus that we're dealing with.
  And they say, this is the time.
  And I just wanted to ask you and just, you know, pick your brain on who is literally the team of Satan?
  Who is the King Demon Lucifer?
  What is controlling these people literally?
  What is the interdimensional force?
  What did the rituals look like in the basements of the suburban mansions?
  And is it crazy to say that
  That the 1945 Vatican Nazi occult system have created these people.
  Literally.
  Created.
  Well, I mean, look, look.
  All the physics we've been taught they're now admitting isn't real.
  All the dimensions are basically intertwined at once.
  There is no past, present, and future.
  There is one giant moment that God created.
  One giant experience.
  And time is simply consciousness moving.
  And
  So, there is free will in the universe.
  So there is good and there is bad.
  And we are spiritual receivers and transmitters.
  We are transceivers.
  And our DNA is.
  Our bodies are just a manifestation of our spirit.
  And that spiritual design that then directs the cells.
  This has all been proven.
  The enemy knows that.
  And so, we are eternal.
  I don't know.
  And so literally, it's like the movie Avatar, but it's not through a computer, it's interdimensionally.
  They are influencing people and they're able to actually jack in to people that have done rituals to separate themselves from God.
  Those rituals, torturing and killing children, which they do do, both in the classic...
  Ritualistic satanic sins, but also in mass wars and abortion, is to consciously do that to remove God's presence from them so that the interdimensional force of Satan and his systems can then imprint on them and basically, like a driverless car, be the intelligence that controls it, thanks to the call.
  And so that's it.
  And it's skull and bones.
  We got the documents on that because of Charlotte Esmeralda's dad releasing it.
  He was a member.
  You know, they get in these coffins and ask entities to enter them.
  They do sex rituals.
  And they bathe in feces.
  I mean, that's what, you know, is removing you from God.
  It's something, you know, that's gross.
  And that's just the first levels of it.
  And so it's to remove you from God.
  You have to remove one program to put in the other one.
  Let's go ahead and go to Anonymous in New York.
  Anonymous, you're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Alex, I think this October, the Black Swan event, the Democrats are going to pull something like a fear gas.
  It's like the female version of the Batman villain Scarecrow.
  Let's call her Haley Fever.
  She carries a fear thrower.
  She don't carry a flamethrower.
  She carries a fear thrower that sprays yellow fear gas to the public.
  The coronavirus?
  Wasn't good enough.
  Killing isn't good enough.
  It has to be an amygdala neurotoxin.
  Or another thing they might do is involving the media.
  Like, imagine if the Riddler was a cult leader.
  Let's say the Riddler puts on this green-colored version of the KKK outfit and acts like Jim Carrey in front of a major crowd.
  He could brainwash the public with, like, these video games and mobile devices.
  Yeah, and they brought out the first Joker about rioting and killing police and overthrowing society for the summer of rage 2000.
  Now the new Joker is coming out with all these other movies about martial law and civil war, how cool it is to burn down America.
  They're gearing up in case Trump wins, that movie comes out right then.
  And then how's the other civil war movie end with them killing the Trump figure?
  So yeah, they're planning to trigger a civil war.
  No, but, I mean, this is actually worse than a joke.
  I mean, you remember the doctor I went to at that hospital?
  This is a hundred times worse.
  I mean, you spray a neurotoxin on, like, a public thing, the coronavirus will look like nothing.
  You wouldn't need me talking about poison shots.
  You'd be talking about this neurotoxin, because that literally... No, you're right.
  That's something the globals will do, is release a chemical weapon and say it's a bioweapon.
  That way they can control that it's localized, but it creates total fear.
  The third thing I might think is something similar to, like, a bovine.
  You know, I know that sounds strange, but think about AI.
  You take an A.I.
  and you put that inside like a night armor or a body armor.
  You think it's a person, but actually it's just an A.I.
  You take off the helmet, and it's like this robot thing.
  So imagine like it's Boba Fett.
  There's no telling what they're going to do.
  They're totally desperate.
  They're scared.
  Everything's coming out.
  Thanks for the call.
  Let's go to Raymond in New Jersey.
  Thanks for holding.
  Go ahead.
  Hey, Alex.
  How you doing, my man?
  Good, brother.
  Go ahead.
  So, yeah, I want to share a story.
  I'm up here in New Jersey, and I got criminally charged for a meme, dude.
  So if you Google Ray Ward Tabernacle, New Jersey, you're going to see an article from the Pine Barrens Tribune.
  And we just petitioned our elected officials to save historic Town Hall from being criminally demolished.
  And I memed about it when they lied and blocked the road.
  So they deprived me of my right to due process, and it's just crazy.
  Tell me the name of the news article.
  That's the easiest way to find something.
  What was the headline?
  It's the Pines Barron Tribune Ray Ward.
  You can put it in the search.
  All right.
  Pines Barron Tribune Ray Ward?
  Yeah.
  New Jersey, man.
  Let me give listeners a tip to search.
  If you give people the news headline,
  That's how you find it the quickest.
  So, think about it.
  What was the headline?
  Like, local man charged for... What was it?
  Local man at the forefront of saving town hall.
  Charged for posting online.
  Local man at the... I know how these stories start.
  A local man at the forefront of saving town hall charged.
  Well, they're charging people for memes everywhere, even though it's unconstitutional.
  Because, I mean, they passed a law to put you in jail in California for political memes, so yeah.
  Wow, that's amazing.
  What else is on your mind about their martial law plan, sir?
  I'm moving out of New Jersey, I can tell you that, man.
  They took my guns and everything.
  Used the red flag gun law on me.
  It's just unbelievable.
  So we're moving on.
  Yeah, there it is.
  Tabernacle man at forefront of Tabernacle Town Hall.
  Demo opposition.
  Charged over online posting featuring town hall woman holding a pistol.
  Oh wow.
  And do they show the crime he committed here?
  Let's scroll down.
  What does your meme say, sir?
  It said gateway to the pines because the intersection they lied about to get closed.
  They said that the building was in imminent danger and they got caught.
  So they put you in jail for showing a woman with a gun in her hand?
  They never put me in jail at all.
  They just charged me.
  They never read me no rights.
  Never took me to the station.
  Never did nothing.
  And took your guns.
  Wow.
  Yeah, they took my guns.
  They never took me to the station once or read me no rights or anything.
  It's going on everywhere.
  I'll read your story.
  Maybe I'm on as a guest.
  Anything else?
  That's it, man.
  I appreciate you having me on again.
  Thank you, brother.
  Put it back on screen for TV viewers.
  I want them to be able to find it.
  Yeah, that's what I'm telling folks.
  This is happening all over the world.
  From Australia to the U.S.
  And
  They just say, well, we interpret this as a threat.
  And then they come and take your rights, charge you, and then they end up dropping it later, but they never give your guns back.
  So they're just out of control.
  Baldy in Florida.
  Baldy, thanks for calling.
  Go ahead.
  What I called in relates to martial law as well.
  What I want to talk about is the Department of Homeland Security's white paper put out right after Katrina titled,
  National response scenario one.
  And I keep harping on the potential of becoming nuclear 9-11 because I don't hear anyone else in the media talking about it.
  But they've already killed Trump, tried to kill Trump rather, and that has failed.
  So they're running out of options.
  But first, if you don't mind, I recently ordered a case of the X3 because if
  Info War stores goes down, and I'm not able to get there.
  I don't know what I'm gonna do.
  Funny little story connected to that.
  When my wife was pregnant with our child, I made her, almost every day, take a dropper of the X3.
  We ran out, and I didn't know, and she found the X2, and she was taking a full dropper of the X2 until I found out, well, he's seven years old now, and he's a genius.
  And it's not all genetics, I'd like to point out.
  Oh no, two billion people have cognitive disabilities because of lack of iodine.
  Pregnant women taking iodine, you gotta take the real stuff, not all the garbage, literally just does insane things.
  It's all next level.
  But here's the good news, even if you can't get our atomic iodine, it's the best out there.
  Real Himalayan salt, not just pink.
  You want the stuff with the purple flecks in it.
  Okay.
  And that is the same place your mountains thrust up what was deep under the earth so they can only get it there or 7 to 10,000 feet under the ground.
  Then our company concentrates in super form.
  But regardless what happens to us, folks, Himalayan salt is almost as good.
  So that's important stuff for people.
  Go ahead.
  Alex, I hear you say that, but people have to be very, it's very important that they read the label because they have taken the iodine almost out of all of the Himalayan salt.
  If you read it, a lot of the bottles say does not contain iodine, so people need to be careful and they need to read the bottle.
  No, I totally, I totally, I totally agree.
  But yeah, I mean look, the federal government started putting iodine in the salt in the 30s, IQs went up 15 points, look it up, and then they took it out in the 80s.
  And that was crap iodine in there, folks.
  Iodine is essential.
  You die without it, and it's basically out of our food.
  And when I remember, in fact, I get where I forget to take it, and then I get all sluggish and fat.
  Start taking it religiously, boom, look great, lose weight, my skin glows.
  It's amazing.
  And we've got it in fullwarrestore.com.
  And if they shut down in full wars, don't worry.
  We got folks that are going to put out all the stuff.
  It's going to, you know, take time.
  And I'm trying to just focus on fighting the globalists.
  So there's a lot going on here, but thank you so much.
  What else is on your mind?
  Anything else you see?
  False flag incoming?
  You know, every time I call it, I'm not trying to brag by giving you what I've said before, but you had a whistleblower on over the summer.
  She pointed out that the COVID pandemic started
  Um, on April 1st, when they signed the CARES Act.
  Now, during the 15 days to stop the spread of March 2020, I was calling in saying that this was going to go down as the April Fool's virus.
  Um, so I was, I was completely correct on that in January of, of, uh, of 2020.
  I said, they're going to stop Trump's momentum with a false flag pandemic.
  And now I'm saying that they're going to stop his momentum this time.
  With a nuclear 9-11 and what the national response scenario number one says, that when a nuke goes off, so let's say they detonate a nuke in Boston Harbor, what's going to happen is they're not going to do anything and they're going to wait for the quote-unquote terrorists to give their demand.
  Now, what if their demand was to lock up Trump and all of his supporters?
  What do you think would happen now?
  What if, for the sake of argument, Biden or Harris didn't go along with it, and they detonated another nuke in Chicago?
  Well, at this point, you're not going to need the federal government to go after Trump and their supporters.
  You're going to have a bunch of anarchists going around attacking Trump and his supporters, and you're liable to see a Gaddafi event with Trump if this does go down.
  Alright, thanks for the call.
  All right.
  Rich, Donnie, Baker, Jonathan, I'll get you in.
  We've got Ezra LaVant set to be in studio with huge breaking news, really smart guy on the attack on free speech worldwide, going into high gear.
  Why is it happening?
  That's all coming up.
  There's a lot of other news.
  I'm going to intersperse as well.
  But we are living in such an insane time.
  And I asked you guys to do the math earlier.
  If they can shut us down as early as, say, November 14th, the sales on the 13th, how many days is it from now, September?
  44 days.
  44 days until InfoWars has a very good shot of being shut down.
  I'm trying to stop it.
  Regardless support our sponsors that are going to be key with new systems and new folks.
  We're gonna be working with.
  That's why the coordinates to support keeping us on air one way or another is the Alex Jones store dot com.
  Um there is a shirt that's basically twice as much as the others.
  It's an original limited edition in full war shirt.
  Dark red on Navy blue with the American flag.
  That is a fundraiser shirt.
  Getting any of the
  I want to thank you all for your support, but that really is critical right now.
  I don't want to belabor it.
  There's so many new designs just got out of this weekend that are amazing.
  Be sure and check it all out now at the Alex Jones store dot com and support our other great sponsor with all the great supplements and more.
  Dr Jones naturals dot com.
  That's Dr Jones naturals dot com.
  All right.
  I fired the bat signal.
  Please support.
  We'll be right back.
  InfoWars has been banned.
  Arrested.
  Attacked and threatened.
  Because we are effective.
  The Great Awakening is here.
  Go to Banned.Video.
  Download the videos and share.
  Support the Information War at InfoWarsStore.com
  And never give up the fight.
  InfoWars.com Today's conspiracy theories.
  Tomorrow's truths.
  Some of these conspiracy theories have turned out to be true.
  Which ones?
  The Trump-Russia witch hunt, Jeffrey Epstein-JFK assassination, the misuse of the Patriot Act, the Iraq War, the weapons of mass destruction, the war in Ukraine, the bombing of the Nord Stream Pipeline, the open border migration caravans, the climate change scam, Kim Trails, and HARP, and 9-11 being an inside job, and the Internet of Things surveillance grid, and PFAs, and chemicals in the water turning everyone gay, and the 2020 election being stolen, and January 6 being filled with undercover
  You will meet so many amazing people wearing this shirt.
  I'd say you'll get probably 50 compliments before you get one person screaming at you.
  Donald J. Trump is now President of the United States.
  But it's an adventure to wear any of these shirts but particularly this one.
  Get this design and so many others, they're limited edition, at thealexshowstore.com.
  Keep us on air in our fight against the globalist and I want to thank you so much for your support because literally we
  When you call in thanking me on air, I say, stop, because I'm thanking you.
  I love fighting the globalists.
  This is what I do.
  We've had such a huge effect together.
  So I want to thank you all for your past support.
  I encourage you now to go to thealexshowstore.com and be sure to enter for the free truck and $10,000.
  And buy more product, support the broadcast, and get entered five or ten times, depending on the day, each time you buy a product.
  This new initiative is so important to the future, so everybody, if you support what we're doing and want to get great shirts and ball caps at the same time, go to thealexjonestore.com.
  And almost forgot, most t-shirts come in multiple colors.
  It was a year and a half ago, due to listener demand, that we came out with Dr. Jones Natural Activated Charcoal Toothpaste with a bunch of really high quality essential oils and more.
  A known classic formula for cleaning your teeth, gum health, and so much more.
  My dad is, well he's not a retired dentist, he still has his license, but he's quasi-retired.
  He developed this off of some of the top formulas out there, but he took out any additives and any fillers.
  So this is just a tried and true, high quality toothpaste
  that also funds the info war and it became a bestseller within six months but it's been six eight months since we've had any of it back in this was only out for about eight months and then the supply chain with the covid lockdown killed us being able to get all the ingredients that are in the toothpaste and the activated charcoal mouthwash finally
  We got it back in a limited size shipment just last week, and that's a great thing because it's a great product for your family, and we need the money that we were getting from the sale of this to fund our operation.
  So do not procrastinate.
  If you like this toothpaste, it is now back in stock.
  I thank you for your past support.
  Please support us again, and support your own mouth, teeth, and gum health, as well as your throat.
  At the same time, if you are a new viewer or listener, these are really good products.
  Already activated charcoal mouthwash is a best seller in other brands.
  Already the toothpaste is one of the best sellers out there.
  We just simply went and looked at the top brands and made them even better by taking out any fillers and putting in even higher quality ingredients.
  I'm very excited to announce that we've got a supply of the mouthwash and the toothpaste back in.
  It's exclusively available at infowarestore.com or 888-253-3139.
  Again, I don't use a teleprompter here.
  I just said something that wasn't completely true.
  My dad's website, where it's sold, also has it available, and we'll put that on screen for you.
  So, again, it is back in stock at infowarestore.com and on the Dr. Naturals site.
  Thanks for keeping InfoWars on the air.
  Well, it's been a couple years since he's been in studio.
  Seems like five minutes ago, but also a thousand years ago.
  One of the most amazing independent journalists and owners.
  We're good to go.
  Really to this audience.
  Nobody needs to have Ezra Levin introduced to them.
  I mean, covering Davos, covering the wars, covering everything with reporters all over the planet, fighting the COVID lockdowns there in Canada with the horrible leader Trudeau up there.
  I mean, Ezra, you and your team are literally some of the most prolific and effective people out there.
  It's great to have you here.
  Thank you.
  You were like the grandfather of contrarian, dissident media around the world.
  And that's why we're so interested in your freedom of speech battles.
  Because if they can take out Alex Jones, they can take out anybody.
  Because no one fights like you.
  So if they can defeat you,
  Well, then everyone's in jeopardy.
  It's very interesting to us to follow what's happening.
  Well, we're all in this together, exactly.
  We've got to have solidarity.
  And I know you genuinely care about me.
  I care about you.
  But when they're attacking Trump, they're attacking you.
  They've attacked you a bunch, and the rest of your reporters and stuff, too, for everything.
  I mean, this is an attack on us all.
  And it's globally coordinated.
  You know, I was down in Sao Paulo, Brazil a couple weeks ago.
  Oh, sorry, I'll wait for you to... No, no, I'm just saying, there's the camera.
  Perfect, I just... No, no, it's like a podcast style studio.
  No problem.
  I don't care the way... We kind of need to put a camera over here.
  It's great to be here.
  Why did I go to Sao Paulo?
  They had a more conservative, freedom-oriented president named Bolsonaro.
  He was defeated by an outright communist named Lula.
  And Lula started banning his political opponents and contrarian journalists on Twitter.
  And he had a judge who would do this, and the judge would do it in secret.
  And would order Elon Musk to suspend the critics of Lula in secret.
  And then Twitter finally said, we're not obeying this anymore.
  We're not going to follow this illegal censorship.
  So this judge
  Ban Twitter in the entire country, 20 million people.
  And that's the Count Dracula look-alike guy.
  Yeah, he dresses, he wears a cape.
  Who wears a cape?
  So in Sao Paulo, which is a huge city, 20 million people, they had a rally for free speech and for Elon Musk and for Twitter.
  That's some of the footage we took when we were there.
  200,000 people marched for free speech.
  I've never been inside a 200,000.
  That looks like more than 200,000.
  It extended a mile in every direction.
  It was incredible.
  And Bolsonaro was there.
  And then you pointed out, then the dictator, evidence shows, stole the election.
  Lula had no one for his event.
  Yeah, and there's that Dracula.
  That's the judge, the guy in the cape there.
  I mean, he really is slouching back to tyranny.
  Remember, they were a military dictatorship just 40 years ago.
  So, the idea that, you know, you can lose, you can gain freedom, but Brazil is falling back.
  What's so exciting, though,
  It's ordinary people of all backgrounds saying, no, this is about freedom.
  People go to a rally for a bunch of reasons, Alex, for the camaraderie, maybe for partisan feelings.
  But so many people at that rally, when I asked them, why are you here?
  They said, freedom.
  It was inspiring.
  Alex, I've got to ask you, do you think there's a city in the United States where 200,000 people would rally for freedom?
  I would like to think so.
  Only in DC for our Trump rally.
  Yeah.
  And then they tried to set us up, or did, on January 6th.
  I did some streeters.
  Not a lot of folks down there speak English, but if you guys have the clip, I talked to some folks down there.
  I found it was inspirational.
  If you got the clip, I'd love to... Yeah, let's go ahead and roll the clip with audio.
  Go ahead.
  Here it is.
  Why am I being in trouble?
  Because I'm using X to the VPN.
  Do you use social media?
  So you stopped using X when it was banned by the government?
  Elon Musk has stood up to Alexandre de Moraes very noisily, and he's pushed back.
  What do you think of that?
  I think it's good for Brazil, because he's not Brazilian, but he's going to help us a lot.
  And the X?
  I used it, but now it's blocked.
  You can see I have it here, but it's blocked.
  We can't use it anymore.
  Here, look.
  I have an X, but we can't use it anymore.
  It's blocked.
  Do you use VPN?
  If I say that I use VPN, I'm subjectable for a fine of R$50,000, which will be a R$10,000 fine.
  But we'll figure it out.
  We are here because this.
  Because he has led us to talk in the biggest platform of Brazil.
  So we are here to fight for this platform and our freedom of speech.
  I love Elon Musk!
  Brazil loves Elon Musk!
  Thank you!
  If you had one message you could send to Elon Musk today, what would it be?
  We are on your side.
  How do you feel about Elon Musk?
  He's taken a great interest in Brazil.
  I love Elon Musk!
  I love Elon Musk.
  He's helping us so much.
  I hope so because he has a lot of power, a lot of money, a lot of everything.
  I hope he can help us.
  We trust him a lot.
  If you had one message for the owner of X, Elon Musk, what would it be?
  Brazil, we need to fight for our future and we need to stop more ICE.
  Elon Musk, thank you for fighting for our freedom.
  We are with you.
  Thank you very much.
  You are a friend of Brazilian people.
  Elon Musk, help us, please, please.
  Musk, stay strong, don't give up, help us, because Brazil needs you, and the world needs you, because we need freedom, and you're a warrior, a fighter.
  For us, it's very important for what you're doing.
  Not for the money, but for what you are.
  This makes us very proud.
  I'm very happy for Musk.
  And again, whether you're in Australia, whether you're in Europe, wherever you are, these fights are important because it's the same globalists doing it.
  And now Elon Musk came out yesterday and said, if Trump is not elected, this is a quote, this will be the last election.
  And it'll be like Venezuela, or now like Brazil, where they still have them, but it's known to be fraudulent.
  And now we have John Kerry and Hillary.
  All of them saying ban free speech, arrest people, you got California passing another so-called AI law that outlaws memes.
  They are really desperate.
  I don't see that as a sign of strength out of the tyrants in the UK.
  I mean, everywhere.
  Remember, Sherlock Holmes would ask, what's the dog that's not barking?
  So if Elon Musk and Twitter are being banned from Brazil because they refuse to secretly censor the enemies of the regime, what about Meta, which owns Instagram, Facebook, and What's Up?
  They're all complying.
  Well, that's right.
  The fact that only Elon Musk is being targeted tells us implicitly that all the others are playing along with it.
  And that's happening in regimes around the world.
  And that's come out in Congress.
  Millions of requests by the government on Facebook, now Meta, and Instagram, one of their holdings, to censor people questioning the COVID narrative.
  And it turned out we were right, they were wrong.
  You know, one of the things they did to get back at Elon Musk, because of course he owns Twitter, but they couldn't really touch Twitter, is they started going after Starlink, the internet company, which is really for people in rural places, and Brazil is so huge and there's a big Amazon jungle, so Starlink is critically important for a lot of small towns, villages, hospitals, schools in the Amazon.
  And that crazy cape-wearing judge
  Because they couldn't smash Elon Musk on Twitter, they went after Starlink, even though it's a completely different company with largely different shareholders.
  And what got me, Alex, is where is the United States defending its companies, its property, its people?
  The U.S.
  Trade Representative is one of the most terrifying people in the world.
  That person gets tough with countries that cheat on American industry.
  Why didn't the President of the United States say, you unhand that Starlink property in 24 hours?
  Or don't you think you're going to fly planes to this country?
  We're going to freeze your currency?
  I don't even know what levers they could pull.
  But I don't know why they allowed one of America's leading citizens to basically have his property expropriated without a squawk.
  And you're hitting something here.
  We have Australia, we have the EU, we have Brazil, we have the Democratic Party and the different federal agencies already coming after Musk.
  Because he really is a champion of free speech.
  And, you know, just a year ago, people were tepidly saying, OK, he's helping us.
  But, I mean, the guy, now if you read his posts that reach hundreds of millions a day, he is as hardcore as we are.
  It's incredible to see the evolution.
  I was skeptical of him 10 years ago.
  I thought, oh, this guy is a grant seeker.
  He's looking for subsidies for his eco car.
  I was skeptical.
  But give the man credit.
  And the more wealthy he becomes, some people get shy when they're wealthy.
  They think, I don't want to risk it.
  I don't want to alienate powers that be.
  Elon Musk is relishing his powers.
  Well, he said it was his brother almost dying from a shot and a bunch of family getting sick from it.
  And then he sent his son to a super liberal school that his ex-girlfriend or baby mama wanted.
  And then they basically turned, you know, he said his son is dead.
  So he's been public.
  He said, look, I didn't believe all this.
  I was more of a liberal, now I realize that the left is a tyranny, and it's a mind virus, and I'm done.
  I mean, so, you'd think the left would be smart enough not to scalp his son.
  You'd think they'd, but no.
  They targeted him so he is a convert through being abused.
  And I'm worried about that because they took you out.
  They took Tucker Carlson out.
  They're trying to take Trump out using lawfare, using, God forbid, violence against the president.
  Elon Musk not only is fighting for his own freedom, but he has, in a way, socially and journalistically revived you from the dead.
  Absolutely.
  He's created a giant mothership for all these other people to be able to have a beachhead.
  I mean, I don't have enough to say about him.
  I mean, I can't say enough.
  It's just insane.
  You judge a tree by its fruits.
  Elon Musk is hitting on all cylinders.
  And it's just as important as Trump is.
  And when I told him, I said, you need to get more security.
  He said, I will.
  He goes, I agree.
  When me and Tucker talked about it, he responded and retweeted it and said, absolutely, doubling it now.
  Because he understands.
  And that's why he moves around a lot.
  He's had a lot of threats.
  People have come to Austin, a bunch, to try to kill him.
  I believe that.
  And you know what I like about him?
  No man is perfect.
  They say don't put your trust in princes.
  And don't put all your eggs in one basket.
  But he is as close to the essential man as it gets.
  A lot of things turn on him.
  I was reading the other day that
  SpaceX is responsible for 90% of all Earth payloads into space.
  Yes.
  If it weren't for SpaceX, China would be number one, Russia would be number two, India, and only after that would the Boeing consortium.
  America couldn't even have heavy lifters for 15 years.
  Now we have the biggest heavy lifter.
  So when Elon Musk says this election, if Trump doesn't win, it's lights out, that sounds like hyperbole.
  But not only does Musk consume an enormous amount of information, he must have his own sort of private, almost like security info trap line.
  I'm sure he knows things that we don't, that are not public knowledge.
  When he says something that grave, I don't think it's just him being mischievous.
  He's got a bunch of national security clearances.
  You've got to.
  I mean, besides Starlink, there's Star Shield.
  That's his military aspect of SpaceX.
  You know what?
  People have been talking in European countries, they've been threatening to arrest him.
  Keir Starmer, the Labour Prime Minister, the new Labour Prime Minister in the UK.
  ...has been quarreling head-to-head, butting heads with Elon Musk and has suggested that people overseas from the UK who were retweeting some of the race riots a couple months ago, they could face charges too.
  Remember that European Union pooh-bah who wrote the letter before Elon Musk... Trump went on it.
  ...and said, don't you say rough things in your... Well, what about the arrest of the telegram head?
  Oh, exactly.
  They would do that to Musk if they could.
  The lad's got to be careful with himself.
  I mean, protect Elon Musk at all costs.
  Absolutely.
  Talking about you guys at Rebel, Canada has descended a beautiful country, wonderful people, but they're, like Americans, think they're free, so tyranny will take over.
  The trucker convoys, your people being arrested, not just biological men and girls, sports, 60-year-old men,
  We're good to go.
  You know, I have this dream, Alex, that one day you'll come with me to Davos for the World Economic Forum.
  I'll go!
  You know what?
  We don't get credential.
  We don't get past the drawbridge.
  But they come outside the castle.
  That's right.
  And these VVIPs, I call them, they're in their safe place.
  It's hard to get to Davos.
  You've got to fly to Zurich.
  You've got to take the train up.
  And they book up literally every hotel room and Airbnb in town.
  So they make it hard to get there.
  And once you're there,
  There's a lot of media there, Alex, but they're all regime media.
  They all sponsored, they all paid hundreds of thousands to be there.
  So the only people who can ask a question that's independent are the street rabble like us.
  You would, and the thing is, you'd be like a kid in the candy store.
  The entire globalist elite meets.
  They walk around without bodyguards.
  Now, there's a ton of Swiss police there.
  Don't get me wrong.
  It's high security, but they're not like
  Uh, police in Canada, they will let you get right up to VVIPs and put a microphone to them, as long as you don't touch them, as long as you don't- Klaus Schwab, Albert Bourla?
  Oh yeah, I mean, when I bumped into Albert Bourla, he was just walking with his assistant, and I scrummed him in close quarters for five minutes.
  The police watched.
  Oh, they were watching, don't make a mistake about it.
  But they were fine with it, and-
  You know, it's John Kerry, Tony Blair.
  It's fun to catch the U.S.
  Republicans there.
  I caught up with a couple of senators and governors, and I always said, what are you doing here?
  What's a Republican doing here?
  And some of them are shy.
  Some of them try and sort of run away.
  I don't know if you saw it.
  I bumped into the president of the Bill and Melinda
  So I watched it all, yeah.
  And you would be, I tell you, you'd be like a hot knife through butter.
  It's my goal is to get you to come with me.
  You'd love it.
  I'll go.
  I'll go next time.
  What is it, January?
  It's always in January.
  We're sending a team again.
  It's, you know, it's a journey and you're running around on the streets and it's cold, but you get your step.
  I've always wanted to see Switzerland.
  I've been all around Europe a lot, but never Switzerland.
  Expand on this though.
  Pulling back, because you're a guy that's been all over the world and seen things, how would you describe the state of the world right now?
  And I want to answer the question in my way and get your take on it.
  What was the theme, the official theme, of that event this year?
  It was regaining trust.
  And I watched the Clinton Foundation, they say everybody hates us, nobody believes us.
  Corporate media has a less than 10% approval rating, just like our Congress, just like Trudeau was able to get in with less than 20% of the vote.
  Because they do all these manipulations.
  But they are unpopular.
  The world really is waking up.
  But instead, they're coming in to try to outlaw and officially just normalize tyranny.
  How would you describe the state of the world right now?
  It's the worst I've ever seen.
  And let me prove that to you.
  In America, you've got Kamala Harris or Joe Biden or a politburo that we don't know running things.
  They're for censorship.
  They're for lawfare.
  In the UK, they just elected Keir Starmer, a Labour extremist who wants to go even farther.
  In Canada, you've got Trudeau.
  In Ireland and Scotland, you're bringing in censorship laws.
  All around the world, the bad guys are working.
  It's like the Supervillains League.
  And that's why Trump's election in November 5th is such a watershed.
  Everything turns on it, not just in America, but in Canada, the knock-on effects, in the UK.
  And I know America is for Americans, but I also know as a Canadian that we look up to America to be the great champion of freedom, the exemplar.
  And what do we do?
  How do we fight back if you guys succumb?
  Don't do it for us, do it for yourself.
  I agree, but there's also the World War III issue.
  The U.S.
  elites are running the Ukraine war.
  Russia said two weeks ago, we're gonna nuke you if you hit us with missiles.
  I mean, this is all insane.
  I mean, the time we're in, Ezra, I know you understand this, but maybe elaborate.
  I have trouble believing it's gotten this crazy.
  I mean, we're living in very insane times.
  You know, I...
  I grew up believing the narrative of the neocons.
  It was, I believed it, it seemed right to me.
  But when Trump ruled without a new war, with only peace, with harmony, and actually making the Abraham Accords peace deal, it felt utopian.
  And I think, when you think about the trillions of dollars that will turn on Trump's election, and national board, if Trump is, why did Zelensky meet with Trump last week?
  Because he knows there's a real chance Trump's going to be president.
  He wants to start that conversation.
  But look how glum he was in the press conference.
  Everyone knows.
  Ukraine knows it.
  Russia knows it.
  Everyone knows it.
  If Trump is elected, that war will be over in a month.
  And you know who will benefit by that?
  Hundreds of thousands of men, women, and children.
  But think of the industries that will fail.
  There is a deep state, and it's military, and it's journalistic, and it's political, and Trump is the threat to it as never before.
  That's why his win is so essential.
  I say this as a foreigner begging America to save itself and thereby save the world.
  What was the first thing that ran through your mind when Trump got grazed with that bullet two and a half months ago in Butler, Pennsylvania, and then the latest one with another U.S.-Ukrainian-trained CIA-connected lunatic at his golf course?
  My heart, I could feel it pounding.
  I was so scared.
  But when he stood up and showed he was okay, the relief, the terror and the relief, all in a matter of seconds.
  And it was horrific because I had been worrying about that.
  I know you had too.
  Because in history, assassinations work.
  They work.
  They're evil, they're immoral, they're anti-human, but they work.
  Think of the assassination of Archduke Ferdinand and what that set in motion.
  World War I. And, you know, murdering people.
  They almost killed Bolsonaro.
  I don't know if you remember.
  He lost half of his blood with a knife.
  I mean, in America itself with four assassinations.
  And I'm worried about Trump because he's, you know, he's bold and he loves those huge rallies.
  And when there was that second and third attempt on him, I thought, come on, this can't be happening.
  But there are people who would do anything.
  Countries are in the balance.
  Trillions are in the balance.
  That's why I'm worried for him and for Elon Musk.
  Oh, no doubt.
  Each time they try to kill him and it fails, it only makes them want him more.
  You know, I saw Hillary Clinton a moment ago talking about the October surprise.
  Yeah, I mean, it will be engineered.
  It will be manufactured.
  Whether it's by a foreign entity or a domestic enemy, they will do anything.
  One of the things that we're talking about a lot at the last World Economic Forum meeting I went to in Davos, the two names on everyone's mouth were Donald Trump and Elon Musk.
  The second because it enabled the first.
  But the big theme was AI.
  You know, every country was pushing AI.
  And one of the things they do is they want AI to use, you know, the algorithm to automatically censor things, but in a way you don't even know you're censored.
  You think you're broadcasting to the world, but AI is basically meaning that only you, you're shouting into the abyss.
  And I'm worried that AI will censor us and we won't even know it.
  Talk about a simulation.
  We'll have a simulation within a simulation.
  We won't even know that we're being censored.
  That's my fear.
  And I got that fear when I went to Davos.
  Well, they admit, the UN said last week, as you know, they've got this big global compact that we're going to protect you from disinformation, people will tell the truth, and AI with global AI.
  I want to talk to you after the break about the news license that Trudeau has in Canada, and the courts ruled we don't get it.
  I'd love to tell you that story.
  Oh, wow.
  A news license.
  So they're saying you don't get your license?
  We don't get a news license.
  I'll tell you what that means.
  Wow.
  People should be sure and check out the website, rebelnews.com, rebelnews.com, at Ezra Levant on X. Follow all his other incredible reporters and more.
  What got you to Austin?
  You know what?
  I wanted to see how you were doing.
  I was worried about the news.
  I heard about the auction.
  I wanted to talk to you about it.
  Did you fly all the way here from Canada?
  I did.
  Wow.
  We've got to get you on the other shows.
  Wow.
  Ezra LeVance, our guest.
  Rebel News.
  We'll be right back.
  Stay with us.
  I've been telling listeners for months that InfoWars is very close to being shut down.
  And now people are taking it serious because it's all over the news that InfoWars will be sold at auction coming up on November 16th.
  Now listen, we've got Patriot buyers.
  Hopefully they're able to win the bid.
  But regardless, we're going to continue on.
  And that means we need sponsors for whatever new organizations get set up.
  So, if you want to keep us on air one way or the other and checkmate the New World Order, go to our sponsors and support them.
  The AlexJonesStore.com for amazing t-shirts and ball caps that spread the word to the third dimension and fund the operation.
  And also go to DrJonesNationals.com that's separate from InfoWars as well.
  They're sponsors of InfoWars right now.
  So you support InfoWars, whether it stays in the air or not, and you support sponsors going forward if we've got to set up a new operation and I'll work with somebody else.
  I don't intend on giving up.
  I won't give up.
  I'll never give up, but I could give out if you don't support us.
  These are great products.
  You need them.
  Go to TheAlexJonesStore.com and DrJonesDactyls.com.
  Get great products and keep us on the air.
  God bless you.
  Now take action.
  43 days, 12 hours, 26 minutes, 24 seconds, the most important election in world history, and then 76 days with President Trump being president-elect.
  You know, a lot of people, when they tried to kill Trump again a few weeks ago, thought it was like entertainment, like we're watching a drama or a cop show or a thriller.
  No, this is the real world, and I've been on air over 30 years, 30 and a half years now, and
  I like to sleep.
  I usually sleep 7-8 hours, no problem.
  I sleep like 5 hours now.
  I jump out of bed because of the epicness of everything and the fact that good is rising but evil is rising and just so much is happening and you can see the fear in the globalist whole black rock, you know,
  Big Pharma system, but they're not giving up and they're doubling down and they've been pre programming cyber attacks and power outages and terror attacks and just assassination attempts and just all of this insanity.
  And then people seem so.
  So, so focused only on their country.
  People say, why do you care so much about Brazil?
  Well, it's the sixth most populous country in the world.
  Or why do you care about Canada?
  Or why do you care about Australia?
  Because we have the same enemy, the same programs, the same brainwashing, the same transgenderism, the same attacks.
  That are going on because these big corporations want full control, they want weak, stupid people, and we just can't turn the world over to them, and then we start having such success, that makes me even more urgent because so many people that fight for liberty don't get to see the freedom in their lifetime.
  And then later, you know, for a few generations, their actions have an effect.
  We're seeing it in real time, and humanity's struggling back so hard.
  And General Flynn yesterday made the point that we have the initiative.
  Humanity has the... And I'm on the air with Elon Musk in two-plus hour interviews and others.
  And Elon, call it Team Humanity.
  Yes, Alex, we're on Team Humanity versus, you know, Team Demon.
  I mean, this is epic, Ezra Levant.
  You know, there's another reason to study other countries, it's why I do it, is to see what's coming to hit us.
  Exactly, yeah.
  I'll give you an example from Ireland.
  I was in Ireland a couple of years ago.
  Oh wow, talk about that.
  There's a small village named Dundrum, but the most beautiful place I've ever been to in my life.
  Oh, I'm not Irish, but I wish I was just to be there.
  200 people in Dundrum, the government announced to them, told them, didn't ask them, we're bringing 280 migrants to your town of 200 people.
  Immediately, in one fell swoop, making the Irish a minority in their own community.
  Can you imagine?
  These are military age men, single men.
  With no job, no future.
  And they're fake refugees.
  No one is a refugee in Ireland.
  They make their way across Europe, cross the Channel into the UK, go into Northern Ireland, and then walk across the border shredding their passports.
  They get free everything.
  And the Irish government, for some weird reason, has this policy of overwhelming local communities.
  Well, it's replacement migration.
  I did the same thing in Germany, everywhere.
  You know, the word replacement migration, you know, the left is trying to demonize that as a conspiracy theory.
  There is a United Nations study 20 years ago called Replacement Migration.
  2000.
  It's their own study.
  It's their own thesis.
  But it's crazy to see that.
  And this whole thing in Springfield, Ohio felt a little bit like that Dundrum situation.
  Absolutely overwhelming a local community, absolutely up- Well you take them over, because then the government funds come in, now you have a group that never gets a job, 80 plus percent of the migrants don't in Europe, and now it's a takeover.
  You know, and where do you put 280 migrants in a village for 200?
  Well there's this beautiful country hotel, golf club, it was like the community center, everyone had their weddings and events there.
  They cut a deal with that guy.
  And the deal is secret.
  We don't know how much money, we don't know how long it's for.
  Suddenly the whole center of the community, it was for cash.
  It was just, someone made a deal to house migrants there, and Dundrum... And it's the state departments of the different countries everywhere that are financing this with our tax money.
  It's just crazy to see Ireland never colonized anybody.
  Ireland doesn't have to apologize.
  It's not, you know, it doesn't have to... It's innocent of imperialism.
  Yeah, in fact, I don't know if you know, let me tell you a quick story about a village named Baltimore.
  I don't know if you know the story of Baltimore, Ireland.
  A couple hundred years ago,
  The entire village of Baltimore was raided by Islamic slave traders.
  They sailed up to Baltimore, took every man, woman, child, and baby.
  Kidnapped him and took him back to Arabia as white slaves.
  The entire town!
  Guys, pull up the story, I've read about this, I forgot about it, of Baltimore, Ireland, and slavery.
  People don't know, slavery's been around forever, but the Atlantic slave trade, all that was picked up from the Muslims.
  The Moors invaded Spain and other areas to get more slaves, and they brought them all over
  More people were captured by these Islamic slave raids than were African slaves sent to North America.
  That's a fact.
  Just in terms of sheer numbers.
  And I guess the reason I mention that is Ireland has been sort of resisting bad things for centuries and now they just sort of throw open the doors.
  I just find it astonishing.
  And to see how the immigration issue is wedded to the censorship issue.
  I'm going to read this to the TV viewers.
  So there it is.
  I'm sorry to interrupt.
  If you type in Baltimore, Ireland slavery.
  It says, in 1861, the village of Baltimore in West Cork, Ireland, was raided by pirates of Turkish soldiers, resulting in the capture and enslavement of all of its residents.
  The sack of Baltimore on Wikipedia, we can show it there.
  I mean, but no one knows about that, because only white people were ever involved in slavery in history.
  Sorry to interrupt you, go ahead.
  You know the Battle Hymn of the Republic?
  From the halls of Montezuma to the shores of Tripoli.
  That's when
  The president at the time, who wrote our Constitution, well, wrote our Bill of Rights, Declaration of Independence mainly, that's when he sent the Marines.
  I'm interrupting, go ahead.
  And why did he send the Marines?
  Because to stop this piracy and slave trade.
  I mean, the slave trade was winding down by then.
  I mean, that, but it, anyhow, it's... Thomas Jefferson.
  It's shocking to me.
  You're right.
  There was slavery in every continent in the world.
  And yet, somehow, it's put around the necks of the UK and the US.
  And I'm being obnoxious, stealing your thunder.
  It's not because I even want to.
  No, it's incredible.
  I'm just backing up what you're saying.
  This is all true.
  But let me tell you what's going on in Canada, because that I can report with first-hand observation.
  Justin Trudeau
  He's very unpopular right now, and he has it in his mind that he can fix that by censoring things.
  He's brought in four different censorship laws.
  C11, which is law, gives him dominion over the internet.
  And he ordered this years ago.
  Yeah.
  And he has the power to order companies like Facebook, Twitter, YouTube to boost or de-boost the algorithm to hide or promote media of his choice.
  So that's a government censor bureau.
  Yeah, that's C11.
  C18 was he basically said to Facebook and Google, anytime you link to a Canadian news story, you got to pay them.
  You got to pay to link to someone.
  Facebook said, no thanks, we get out of the news business.
  Google is forking over 100 million bucks a year.
  That gets parceled out to approved journalists.
  I'll tell you about that in about 30 seconds.
  There's a bill in Parliament right now called C-63.
  Includes a life in prison sentence for stand-alone hate crimes.
  Includes, you can be liable for anything on your social media, going back to any, as far as in time, there's no statute of limitations.
  As long as you have the power to delete it today, you're on the hook.
  So they can complain, not just for what you're doing now, they can work their way back through your historical
  We're good to go.
  You can complain about it to this Human Rights Commission.
  Malice.
  You don't even have to be the victim of the slur.
  If you get the complaint adjudicated in your favor, you get a 20 grand bounty, and the person has to pay up to 50 grand to the government.
  So you basically... Well, they're incentivizing going and...
  Being someone that complains, wow.
  And here's the last, so I mentioned C11, that's where they alter the algorithm to boost or throttle their friends and enemies.
  I mentioned C18, where they grab cash from the tech giants to pay off their friends.
  I mentioned C63, which has this bounty on hurt words.
  But the last one is something that we're facing right now.
  Trudeau has created a news license, a journalism license.
  He calls it the QCJL, Qualified Canadian Journalism Organization.
  And the government determines whether or not you get that.
  Now, if you don't get that, you're still allowed to publish your website, but it's a credential you're denied, so you can't go to government press conferences.
  They won't let us in.
  You don't get any of the dough that's being handed out.
  $30,000 per journalist is the average subsidy in Canada.
  Now, we wouldn't take that, but that's another thing we're being denied.
  But here's what terrifies me.
  If you're not a QCJO news license news outfit, you would never be, and we're not.
  Well, guess what Trudeau can say to the tech companies?
  He would never say ban InfoWars.
  He would never say ban Rebel News.
  He would just say, hey, big tech companies, boost the quality journalism and throttle the fake news.
  And I didn't mention the word Rebel News and I didn't mention the word InfoWars, but the QCJO news license can tell you who's on which side.
  And let's be clear, Google's been involved here and with the EU.
  They're setting up similar systems.
  Google wants this.
  For some reason, I don't know why they like paying a hundred million bucks a year for Canadian journalism.
  Maybe because it sort of makes them regulation-prepared.
  Well, because they're about management of information.
  They're part of the deep state.
  And this gets them off the hook, because...
  Trudeau is the guy who gets to determine who is and isn't a fake news.
  And then the Google and the tech companies just implemented it.
  So how do we get rid of Trudeau?
  Because, I mean, he only got like, what, 20% of the vote or something?
  Yeah, and right now in the polls, he's so far behind.
  Well, explain to people that don't live in a parliamentary system how that happens.
  Well, we don't elect our Prime Minister directly like you elect your President directly.
  The Prime Minister is basically the guy who commands the most seats in our legislature.
  It would be like you vote for your Congress, and then whichever team has the most seats, their leader becomes President.
  That's our system.
  And Trudeau does not have a majority.
  He only has a minority of the seats.
  But there's a socialist party that supports him.
  There's a Quebec socialist separatist party that supports him.
  So he can cobble together a working majority.
  He's so low in the polls.
  He's so hated.
  But these socialist parties back him up.
  He's probably got one more year.
  He can choose the timing of election.
  That's another wrinkle.
  How do you guys get in and reverse all this?
  Well, there is a Conservative Party leader in Canada who, I have to say, is pretty good.
  For example, he's banned any of his people from going to the World Economic Forum.
  He says, no one in my government will go to the World Economic Forum.
  And they've demonized him for just saying nice things.
  Yeah, and he's starting to talk about immigration now, which used to be verboten in Canada.
  Canada's gone absolutely nuts.
  One million international students with visas in Canada.
  There's not even a million Canadian students in college.
  Like, it's just, you can feel it just in the country.
  He's, I think we have proportionally more mass migration than you do.
  Yeah.
  So, Pierre Polyeb is the name of this conservative leader.
  I'm hopeful.
  Again, everybody that thinks of things as countries being separate, it's not.
  But the good news is, people like Klaus Schwab has to at least not be the head of the WEF anymore.
  He's so unpopular.
  Bill Gates is hated.
  You've got Zuckerberg coming out and saying, I'm not going to be political anymore, which isn't true, but at least he's not being openly pro-leftist and helping steal the election.
  We're really seeing, like you said, Zelensky coming over and kind of tipping the hat to Trump.
  They can see the writing on the wall.
  That's why they're trying to kill Trump, because they know we're winning if they don't kill him.
  Now they're at least hedging.
  They still want to defeat him, but they're placing the bet.
  Don't think Zuckerberg for one second is actually for freedom.
  He's trying to rebrand himself, and he's doing a good job just in terms of images, but it's the substance that counts.
  He was, he, like I say, he is censoring like a vicious taskmaster in Brazil.
  Bolsonaro organized on WhatsApp, which is that meta platform.
  Yes.
  And it was Zuckerberg who basically... And same thing in France.
  Zuckerberg stopped Le Pen from winning in France.
  Zuckerberg stopped Bolsonaro's re-election in Brazil.
  I blame them.
  They're a meddler.
  People at that level, Alex, they regard countries as playthings.
  They're really not much different than Soros.
  They regard
  I don't know if it's a speech impediment or if he's genuinely dumb.
  I don't think he's dumb.
  Because I see him with every, not just every Democrat, he's hanging out with Kamala Harris and every top Democrat, every politician in the world.
  He collects politicians around the world.
  His father was behind the color revolutions in Europe.
  So, they don't believe they're bound by citizenship, they don't believe in borders, they are above all that.
  And the leaders of Google and Facebook are the same way, Alex.
  It's a messiah complex, it's a god complex, it's I've done everything else in the world, now what can I do but have the world bend to my will.
  That's what's scary.
  What are they going to do though as opposition keeps rising, which is happening?
  Well, if every source of information is filtered through an algorithm before it comes out of your phone, you don't even know what world you're living in.
  Let me give you a super quick example from Canada.
  Oh boy, Alex, you're going to find this a crazy story.
  You know what the Amish are, right?
  They're old, Christian farmers.
  They reject modernity.
  They don't even have electricity.
  They don't drive cars.
  Well, there's a bunch of Amish in Canada.
  And Trudeau during the lockdowns brought in an app, a smartphone app you had to download coming in and out of the country.
  You had to disclose your COVID jab status.
  You had to download an app and fill it out.
  And if you didn't, there was a $6,000 fine.
  Okay, so these Amish are going back and forth across the border from Canada to the States because they've got family and other communities.
  Every time they come across the border, Trudeau's border police say, did you download the app?
  On your smartphone.
  That's the canary in the coal mine for the global social credit score they're going to try to make us all have.
  That's right, but just stop for a second.
  These are folks who don't have phones.
  They don't have cars.
  They don't have electricity.
  And they say, what are you talking about?
  So every time they would come across the border, they'd get a $6,000 fine.
  Now these folks, they didn't know what it was for.
  And so they just sort of ignored it.
  This one community had $300,000 or $400,000 worth of COVID fines for not downloading the app.
  One of these Amish goes to the bank to get a loan to buy cattle.
  The banker says, sorry old man, I can't do that.
  You got a lien on your farm.
  Turns out the Trudeau government prosecuted those fines, didn't collect, slapped every Amish farmhouse with a lien.
  Evil.
  But I went out to visit these farmers and I asked them about COVID.
  They barely knew what I was talking about.
  You know why, Alex?
  Because they weren't on their smartphones, they weren't watching CNN, they weren't listening to... So the answer to the AI false reality is being like the Amish?
  Well, I mean, I wouldn't want to live like the Amish, but it was amazing to...
  The COVID thing was a nothing to them, because if you didn't have... if you weren't as wired in as you are... Well, they don't even have autism, basically.
  And the idea of wearing a mask was absurd to them.
  The mask was a flag to keep you scared and to show what side you were on.
  If there were no masks and you didn't have social media, you would not have known that COVID was a thing.
  The Amish didn't know that COVID was a thing.
  And if there's some way we can break out of that matrix and stay in reality, but it's hard because, boy...
  That's another thing, the UN treaty, they couldn't get it through, but they still declared an emergency with monkeypox, even though that's only a thing that homosexuals get.
  I was in Geneva when they tried to negotiate this latest pandemic treaty.
  Every single public health officer in the world, they didn't get laid off after COVID.
  COVID was their bumper crop.
  But they're all still working at it.
  Well, you and I have moved on to other things.
  They're beavering away, and the fact that they failed to get the deal they wanted, they'll come back next year.
  Well, have you seen Hotez and Tedros and Eric Schmidt of all people saying we need to use the UN and NATO to censor everyone now ahead of the next pandemic?
  Well, that's who's funding a lot of these so-called fact-checkers.
  They get government grants, military grants.
  I don't know if you heard of NewsGuard.
  I'm sure you have.
  I'm sure you've done a lot of work on NewsGuard.
  Big military contracts, no wonder they censor, basically according to your political views, they censor us up in Canada.
  Ezra, I just need listeners to understand, I know they know this, but this is not your show, my show, what we do, it's not just, it's not entertainment.
  And I know, I know people consciously get that, but it has to really sink in that we're living in an incredible time right now.
  You say it's not entertainment.
  You've got to get people's attention before they're going to listen to you.
  And an entertaining style and good story.
  Oh yeah, we try to absolutely.
  And you're the master.
  I don't know about that.
  I used to be a lot funnier.
  Things were so serious now people are like, I don't know.
  People confuse your storytelling panache.
  With a lack of substance.
  I think you're one of the best read people I know.
  I mean, just look at the table here.
  And I know, because whenever I'm on your show, you make gentle corrections when I get something just slightly... No, you correct me all the time.
  No, no, because you've got... But I'm saying there's a depth to it.
  And that's why when you go on Joe Rogan, and we went on Joe Rogan and had the debate,
  I mean, the guy in good faith was trying to fact check you in real time.
  You had your answers.
  You know, and the thing is, the other side, they're just repeating message tracks.
  They have, like, a very shallow depth on any issue.
  Two men can have a baby.
  If you take the COVID shot, you're protected.
  It's all lies.
  And they've never been pressed on it.
  You ask the ordinary normie a question, they'll have a set message recording that they heard.
  But if you press them to go deeper, they can't.
  And it's the same thing with protests.
  I've been at a hundred protests in my life.
  When I go to protests on the right, like the trucker convoy in Canada, you ask people, why are you here?
  Okay, you better get ready for a half hour lecture.
  You're going to hear.
  When I was in Brazil, you saw, I was asked- Very smart, informed.
  But you go to many protests on the left, they're just- They always say, I can't talk, talk to the spokesperson.
  They'll never talk.
  They do that because they're obedient, but they also do that because they don't actually know why they're there.
  They were told to.
  They're just, I'm good because I'm holding a communist flag.
  Or, I'm getting paid to be here.
  The left pays protesters all the time.
  AstroTurf.
  Yeah.
  It is interesting times, but...
  I think we can still win.
  I'm still hopeful.
  I remember a couple years ago I said to you that something I was really hoping for was those Hong Kong students that were having the protests.
  Remember in 2019?
  Yes.
  I was here and I said, don't, it's not bad news everywhere, look at the, well then they were crushed.
  Crushed, jailed, and civil liberties have been wiped out in that city, Hong Kong.
  That was one thing I was hanging on to in 2019 with those guys.
  But I actually think that Trump's renaissance and Elon Musk reviving people who were cancelled, that's reason for, if you ask me for the number one reason to be hopeful today, it's that people have been brought back from the literal social media dead.
  Tommy Robinson in the UK, he was
  Persona, he was written out.
  Persona non grata.
  Now he's got an enormous following.
  Well, I think the story is, the globalists think they can, the evil corporate forces think they can take over if they punish the leaders.
  But as long as the people keep celebrating the leaders and supporting them, then it only makes us more successful and we can win.
  But look at Tommy.
  They want to put him in prison now for his speech when he comes back to the UK.
  And I've told him, don't go back.
  Well, he's got the UK in his blood.
  He just won't stay away.
  I know he's going to go back and face the music.
  And for each contempt charge, there's possible two years in prison for him.
  And that's for playing a movie.
  It's not for any violent act.
  It's for him exposing he was set up by the court.
  Yeah.
  So, what do you think would have happened?
  It's a horrible question, but it's important.
  If Trump would have been killed in Butler or in Mar-a-Lago?
  Well, the first thing I think
  A lot of people would have been demoralized and would have just withdrawn from public life.
  And I think the energy and the spark of America would have flickered.
  I think some people would have had an overreaction that made things worse.
  But I don't know what the path forward is.
  I mean, I like J.D.
  Vance and all, but he's not Trump.
  It's Trump the world wants and needs.
  I don't know what would happen.
  It's a terrifying thought because he really is a unique person.
  That's why my heart pounded so hard when I first saw that.
  I don't know.
  I mean, you would know better than me.
  I'm worried what would happen.
  I mean, when Kennedy was killed, that demoralized America for a generation.
  That sort of... I don't know.
  I don't even want to contemplate it, Alex.
  You would know the answer anyways.
  Well, I don't know the exact answer.
  I believe they were going to stage false flags and blame it on angry Trump supporters.
  I believe at the time they were thinking about killing Biden, saying a terrorist did it that way to put Kamala in, but instead they just grabbed him from Las Vegas and flew him to
  Delaware where he disappeared for eight days.
  I mean, we have a coup already in place, and now they're talking about a coup against all of our liberties out of desperation.
  We are not in the normal political system right now, and I just continue to put out the urgency, but God's hand was on Trump.
  And I agree.
  Some would have become demoralized.
  Others would have just become, you know, more, more, more stalwart in what's happening.
  But the left knows how to take over institutions.
  And we have to peacefully, through the process, take them over, but also support new institutions.
  And that's why, in the information war, the globalists say the number one thing they're facing is disinformation.
  That means people telling the truth.
  So there's an old internet saying, no one knows who first said it, that propaganda would not be necessary if the situation was hopeless.
  And so it's not hopeless, and I just go back to free speech, standing up, speaking out.
  I mean, I flew to up with Tucker in Pennsylvania about a week and a half ago, and
  I'm in the line, and almost everybody's face scanning, even though it's voluntary.
  And I probably shook 20 hands in the line, and I said to people, I said, you don't have to do that.
  You're going in a database.
  And they said, oh, we love you.
  You're right.
  But they went ahead and did it.
  And so, and then soon it'll be mandatory, while the border's wide open.
  Well, that's the thing.
  Joining the Matrix is fun.
  It's convenient, it feels like a video game, it's titillating, it's never-ending, it gets your dopamine, it is an addiction.
  And that's the thing that Orwell didn't count on.
  He said, the future is a boot stamping on a human head forever, or something to that effect.
  Talk show host and top trends forecasters are also likely coming up, but let's do five more minutes and finish up talking about rebel media.
  Then in one hour, Owen Schroer, the war room.
  Stay with us.
  We'll be right back.
  Final segment with the owner of Rebel Media, Ezra Levan.
  Ezra, I always love having you on.
  This has been a great interview, but I started thinking about all of the exploits you guys have done and all the accounts reports I see, like, every few days.
  It's just bombshell stuff.
  Everybody sees your stuff, but they should all magnify it as well.
  In closing, as soon as you leave today, and every time we have a big guest, I'm like, I didn't try to book you on Owen's show or the other show with Harrison Smith, so hopefully you can go on Owen's show today as well and maybe play some of your greatest hits because they're so timeless.
  But in closing, I think about the pastors and people that we've had on that you showed us being put in jail over and over again for opening their churches when the topless bars and Walmarts and
  Uh, you know, hotels were still open, but, but churches weren't.
  I mean, the left just goes out of its way to be so obvious.
  And, you know, and they're closing the other religious centers and, and, you know, places and beating people up in New York, uh, cause they were out on the street without mask or closing synagogues or mosque.
  I mean, it's just, and it's the same thing worldwide.
  It's they, they really, it's like Trudeau said, he goes, I like basic dictatorship.
  I like GGP.
  I mean, these are real villains who aren't even hiding it now.
  Yeah.
  You know, it's been years since the pandemic receded, but in Canada, they're still prosecuting people.
  Tamara Leach, the leader of the truckers, she's still on trial right now.
  She hasn't had a... 47-day trial.
  They tried to turn the truckers into... Tell people about that.
  It's huge.
  The trucker convoy was the most incredible movement in Canada.
  Completely peaceful.
  Trudeau tried to get a January 6th insurrection narrative.
  He was trying to copycat the Democrats.
  Didn't work.
  But they still... They had horses running over families.
  Yeah.
  In fact, the violence came from the government.
  Trudeau declared martial law, something he didn't even do during 9-11.
  So they arrested all these peaceful leaders, they froze the bank accounts of 200 people involved in the truckers, and family bank accounts, so the wives couldn't buy groceries or medicine or rent for the kids.
  Which is a preview of the future of the social credit score.
  Absolutely.
  And it was just, when later they were asked, how did you come up with the list?
  Oh, just in the media.
  They just read in the media, oh, this is the name of some guy.
  Not that there would be any proper science behind it, but it was just an enemy of the regime.
  We were scared they were going to freeze our bank accounts, because we didn't give money to truckers directly.
  We gave money to lawyers to help the truckers, so we prepaid our whole staff a month's pay.
  And we sort of squirreled away the rest of the dough because we were worried they were going to shut us down because they hated the counter-narrative.
  The entire regime media was saying, go harder, go harder.
  And everything that bad guys need worldwide, they're all part of the WEF thing, we penetrate the cabinets, is that we don't have a voice.
  So it's voice, voice, voice.
  So they threw the leader of the truckers in jail for 49 days.
  I remember.
  He's a little Métis grandma, you know, the sweetest person.
  I mean, that's not as bad as these J6ers, but they were trying to do that thing.
  They put her on a 47-day trial.
  Hasn't even got the result yet.
  The Christian leader, Arthur Pawlowski, I think you've had him on the show before.
  Yes.
  He's got that Polish accent.
  He says, Nazis out!
  He's still before the courts, too.
  They convicted him of giving a sermon in support of the truckers.
  A sermon.
  They called that incitement to mischief.
  That's still before the courts.
  So, it's lawfare.
  Similar to what you're going...
  Twelve years worth of lawfare.
  These Canadian cases aren't quite as bad, but it's the same species.
  It's like what they're doing to Trump, and they're gonna come for Elon Musk next.
  I mean, they're already doing that through the, you know, these bogus charges against SpaceX.
  I'm worried.
  The left is relentless.
  They are relentless, and this is what they do for a living.
  Absolutely.
  You know, again,
  I have faith, and I agree with General Flynn yesterday.
  I see a global awakening, and I see people everywhere coming together, and I see nationals and populists getting elected, just like we saw in Austria.
  But we don't have a question of it.
  We have to stand up.
  We have to take civilization back.
  The enemies of freedom got a head start on us because people were asleep.
  We were in freedom.
  We thought everything was okay.
  It couldn't happen here.
  But now we're discovering those old instincts of freedom again.
  I think we're going to win, and thanks to you and your great team, Ezra Levin.
  You've got so many great reporters, so many great people.
  Well, you're nice to say it.
  We love citizen journalism, and we're always happy to share our footage, and I hope to see you in Davos one day, because you would be the king of that town.
  Oh, well, I'm always getting pinned down.
  I'd love to go show.
  You know what?
  I'm intending to go with you.
  All right.
  Tucker wants me to go on tour with him in Europe.
  Oh, wow.
  That's next summer, but hopefully we're not in World War III.
  That's right.
  All right.
  Rebel News dot com.
  Follow Ezra Levant.
  L-E-V-E-L-E-V-A-N-T.
  Ezra Levant on X. I'm going to introduce Gerald Cilente.
  A little bit more breaking news.
  A lot of breaking news at Infowars.com.
  Please stay with us.
  If you think gun control or something like that is gonna change a terrorist's point of view, I think you're, like, out of your mind.
  You may think you've got me worried about what you're gonna do.
  Dude, you're about to find out what I'm gonna do.
  And that's gonna worry you a lot more.
  Lawdawg, if you don't step aside, we'll tear you apart.
  You die first, get it?
  Your friends might get me in a rush, but not before I make your head into a canoe, you understand me?
  He's bluffing, let's rush him.
  No!
  You're not as stupid as you look, Ike.
  Yeah, I don't understand the concepts of conversation of the gun culture.
  We've lived with guns since, what, the 7th century or something?
  I don't know.
  You can say what you want, I don't agree with that.
  There's a big difference between fantasy land...
  In reality, Fantasyland is what we do.
  Doing a movie, doing a television show, that's Fantasyland.
  And that's where that stuff belongs.
  In reality, when we're dealing with things like terrorism and whatnot, we're all going to have different opinions on how to do it, how to deal with it.
  Mine happens to be that I think there's a very strong reason Founding Fathers had for the Second Amendment, and that is that no government ever
  Hasn't had to fight its own people, and its own people hasn't had to fight its own government.
  So what are you going to do?
  Outlaw everything?
  That ain't the answer.
  Just put some... Put some controls?
  What, so the people who want to defend themselves can't?
  No, not so you can't.
  Just so the idiots can't get hold of us.
  Do you really believe they're not going to?
  Are you serious about that?
  Are you seriously?
  What?
  Good will that?
  Oh my God.
  We had our Civil War.
  If that Second Amendment hadn't been there, those people would not have had the opportunity to do what they considered was defending their life, their way, their style of living.
  So I agree with that.
  I think that's an important part of our existence and it's basically that simple.
  M4 Wars.
  The most banned network in the world.
  All right.
  Gerald Celente's coming up.
  He's got an audio issue.
  We'll have him in a moment.
  Look, I'm going to follow a bunch of special reports today.
  There's a ton of news I didn't get to.
  Every day we're here is precious.
  I'm very thankful for all of you.
  Very thankful for the crew.
  Ezra Levant was here with us.
  By the way, he republished 1984 with graphics in it.
  And this is amazing.
  So check that out at rebelnews.com as well.
  Let me just say this in closing.
  I need capital, whether InfoWars stays on the air or not.
  You have my pledge to fight as hard as I can to stay on air and as being effective as possible.
  It takes money to fight these people.
  And if they get rid of the crew and stuff...
  We need money and obviously work with folks to continue on and hopefully not miss a beat.
  So here's some headlines dealing with that.
  This is just today and yesterday's news media matters.
  That's George Soros's group considers buying in full wars from Alex Jones and they say to harass me and to try to take my media down and.
  Still a bunch of horrible stuff.
  So that's what's going on.
  Info Wars, victims and enemies.
  Consider buying it.
  Victims, yeah.
  I mean, people that attach themselves to me and said I did things I didn't do to raise campaign money.
  Bunch of unbelievable stuff going on.
  So...
  We've been targeted for destruction because we're populist and because we're telling the truth.
  And if the people just rally behind us, we're unstoppable.
  So I try to make it easy to support us.
  InfoWars is great.
  Vitaminal Fusion.
  Great Water Filtration.
  Infowars MD line, the CBD gummies and tincture, highest quality, lowest price, so good for your whole body, your immune system, your inflammation.
  So many great products, ready to ship, X2, X3, could be your last chance to get it here in the next 44 days.
  They could have a buyer technically and just shut us down days after they buy it, but it'll probably be a few weeks.
  We've got folks that are patrons that say they're going to do it, but they may get outbid.
  So, Infowars is facing its greatest crisis in its history.
  And so, I need everybody to understand that without funds, we won't be able to reconstitute no matter what happens.
  I'm going to leave it at that.
  So, I need you to go to InfoWarsTore.com and get great products because InfoWars will probably survive.
  I think we've got a 60-70% chance we'll get a good buyer and it's going to work, but we'll see.
  Regardless, we're working with folks and things are going on.
  For strategy issues I won't get into on air, just know this.
  I need you to go and let me know when you got Gerald ready.
  Okay, guys.
  Thanks.
  I need you guys to understand that I cannot do this without you, and I'm asking for your help.
  Plus, we make it really easy.
  So if you go to thealexjonesstore.com, that's the folks at Bigley that make some of the best Patriot T-shirts in the country.
  They have made now 50-something designs of T-shirts, three, four new ones.
  This weekend that are just amazing.
  And a bunch of ball caps and things.
  And more stuff's going to get added.
  Top of the line supplements.
  We could bring something out really quickly, but they're getting really high quality cutting edge stuff ready.
  It's almost done.
  Incredible made in America knives that already sold out.
  That's coming.
  Go to thealexjonestore.com.
  And support the broadcast.
  And the church of 25 30 35 bucks, depending on the type of the design and the quality of the fabric.
  It's all really great.
  There's one that's $50.
  That's a classic.
  Infowars and on the arm, an American flag.
  And so if we save Infowars, you'll know you're instrumental in that.
  If we don't, you've got this historic memento and know that you backed keeping the broadcast on the air.
  So that's $50 and that is a fundraiser to get more funds in.
  It is vital.
  It is critical.
  If you support the broadcast, if you appreciate
  All the tens of thousands of huge stories, the hundreds of mega-massive game-changing stories, the documentaries, the special reports, the activism, the protests, the undercover work, everything we've done.
  Now is the time, in the 30-year history of this operation, to aid us in this fight.
  So go to TheAlexJonesStore.com and get the InfoWars navy blue with red InfoWars fundraiser shirts.
  Save the Alex Jones broadcast.
  I'm calling for your support.
  I thank those that have supported and all of you on the fence.
  What are you waiting for?
  This is historic.
  TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  Separately, my dad's company, great supplements, great products, nano silver products, nice little financial energy.
  That's drjonesnaturals.com, and he's been attacked by the Globals, and they've been after him, but he's taken all the money he's gotten in there, and two of the staple products are coming back in, four new products are coming back in.
  You'll go to the site and notice half of it's sold out.
  That's how hard they've hammered us, folks.
  So now is the time.
  DrJonesNaturals.com.
  The stuff that's left is not our least popular stuff.
  It's a lot of the most popular that came back in the last time my dad reordered.
  Rocket Rest Sleep Aid.
  Top Brand Incredible Nootropic.
  Next Level Fundational Energy.
  This is a stimulant that has the effect with no letdown.
  Fiber Green Concentrate.
  Sprouts of key seeds that are just syrup.
  Turbocharge your whole body and your gut.
  The whole food multivitamin concentrated all organic.
  So good for your whole body, the immune support and so much more at dr jones naturals dot com.
  That's a critical place to support.
  And again, I humbly thank you for keeping me in the fight.
  I'll never sell out, never give in, never back down, but I could give out.
  I
  Just want to keep fighting, but I can't do it without you.
  I'm in your hands.
  You're in my hands.
  We've been through such a saga.
  I appreciate God working through you to make the decision to support the sponsor, drjonesdaggles.com.
  And then, as I said, infowarestore.com.
  But that does not support me or what we're doing or what we're, you know, happening.
  And I want to save InfoWars.
  But 44 days out with the Death Star, you know, orbiting the planet to blast us, I hope we save the operation.
  But regardless, this is just a building, and it's just going to make, and I hope it doesn't happen because I'm committed to the crew, committed to the, you know, M4 Wars, the enemy will celebrate like they've gotten the, captured the flag and run around like chickens with their heads cut off.
  It's just going to backfire on them, but it's a sign of the times they want this off the air when Trump is president-elect, that they're so desperate.
  So, m4warstore.com, trjonesnaturals.com.
  Or thealexjonestore.com.
  One word, thealexjonestore.com.
  History's now.
  This is the time to make the decision.
  My gosh, less than 1% ever buy anything.
  Okay, great.
  But I can't imagine all the great patriots out there that share the links, the articles, the rest of it.
  Why would you not want to have a shirt from the most critical time in the history of this fabled operation?
  It's not about me.
  It's the guests, the crew, the history, the reports, the callers.
  It's epic.
  It's Americana.
  It's known worldwide.
  It's more popular than ever.
  But in this depression we're in, I get folks don't have money.
  Well, decide where to spend your money smartly.
  And in my view, we're a great place to bet on in the information war.
  Back the info war for your own future now at thealexjonestore.com, drjonesnaturals.com, and infowarestore.com.
  These shirts are amazing, a bunch of new ones.
  By the way, show some of the new ones.
  Go to the actual site, then I'll go to Gerald.
  Because I wanted to get some screenshots of these, but we can actually go to the site.
  Go to the front page, thealexjonestore.com, and scroll up to the top, please, because that's not the new ones.
  Yeah, just go to the exactly.
  There you go.
  Click on click on the one with the snake.
  I came up with that.
  I didn't actually design it, but it was my idea.
  I said, I want to stay cold the ground with an M four.
  And if you blow it up, just click on it, join or die.
  And you have a classic revolutionary, you know, style.
  Yeah, just click on it and make it larger so I can show people.
  There you go.
  Show the black one.
  It's the black one.
  I want to show.
  Thanks.
  And you can see right there, it says the 1A, the First Amendment, defends the 2A.
  There it is right there.
  And then a website that you'll be hearing more about in the future.
  Realalexjones.com.
  I want to mark that down and remember that.
  Join or Die 1A plus the 2A Defense League.
  And then there's another shirt that says the 1A defends the 2A.
  Let's go back to the main page.
  Thank you.
  And then we'll go to Gerald.
  I want to show you another one of the new shirts.
  I mean, these are badass by any stretch of the imagination.
  These are some of the best Patriot shirts out there.
  So we'll go back to the front page of thealexjonestore.com.
  Click on the one with the skull.
  Look at that one.
  And let's look at the black and white one, please.
  That's the olive drab on black.
  All right.
  Thank you.
  And then it says, Class of 1776, the second protects the first.
  Now that is an awesome shirt.
  And then it's got realalexjones.com.
  So that's it.
  That's all I can do.
  It's calling you for support.
  I don't know what else I could say.
  I don't want the enemy to win.
  They really want to shut this down.
  They're really going to celebrate.
  They're going to be really pissed when we just come back even stronger, even if they're successful in this attack.
  All right.
  Great job to the crew.
  I want to thank Gerald Cilente for taking over the show, Top Trends Forecaster, and doing a superlative job, and then, of course, the great Owen Shroyer coming up.
  All right, Gerald Cilente.
  Hey, Alex.
  Thanks a lot.
  You know, I'm listening to what Alex is saying, and everything he's saying is 100% true.
  If we don't support InfoWars, if we don't support freedom, we're screwed, and not the way I like to get screwed, you know?
  Yeah, oh, I shouldn't say that.
  Yeah, F you.
  We got a bunch of scumbags running our country.
  This was on InfoWars before, not reported in the mainstream media.
  The only other place I saw it, one of the few places, is RT.
  Why?
  How dare you go to RT?
  You must love the Russians!
  You gotta hate the Russians!
  Oh, I remember they taught me to hate the Russians as a little kid.
  They had me hiding under a desk in case an atom bomb went off.
  The only other place that wrote this that I saw it, and Infowars talked about it, Free Speaks.
  Ready?
  You can't make this crap up.
  You can only make it up if you're full of crap.
  And this is a little boy, an arrogant little clown of nothing, been sucking off the public kid his whole life, a garbage piece of scum.
  To say this, he should be brought up on charges.
  Hey, Salenti, calm down.
  I'm a member of the club!
  I'm a member of the crime syndicate!
  So you swallow my crap!
  I'm John Kerry!
  Free speech makes U.S., quote, hard to govern.
  John Kerry.
  The Constitution is a barrier to ending disinformation
  The former Obama administration official has claimed.
  Official?
  Official piece of crap!
  An official piece of scum!
  An official dirty S.O.B.!
  How dare he say this?
  How dare he try to rob us of our rights?
  Quote.
  Well, not quote.
  This is from RT.
  The freedom for individuals to choose their source of information makes it difficult to govern effectively.
  Former U.S.
  Secretary of State.
  A little P.O.
  Look at all the little pieces of crap that are Secretary of State.
  Look at little Blinken boy now.
  Little B.S.
  Blinken.
  Oh, my daddy was the ambassador to Hungary.
  My uncle was the ambassador to Belgium.
  I went to Harvard.
  I went to Yale.
  I went to Dalton.
  I'm an official.
  These are the pieces of scum running our lives and ruining this country right in front of our eyes.
  Why support InfoWars?
  They want to blacklist everybody that speaks out against their lies, their warmongering scum crap.
  They're stealing trillions of dollars to give to the banks, the bandits when they go bad.
  But you can lose everything you have.
Speaking at the World Economic Forum. 
  A bunch of lousy SOBs.
  The billionaires!
  The billionaire club!
  Hey!
  Billions for bombs!
  But not a penny to Occupy Peace.
  And by the way, we had a great rally here on Sunday.
  Judge Napolitano, Scott Ritter, Joe Lauria.
  Great people showed up.
  The streets were filled.
  The place was packed.
  Everybody, young and old, all races, creeds and colors.
  Not one mention on the news.
  But anyway.
  Last week,
  Kerry criticized the First Amendment in the U.S.
  Constitution.
  Could you imagine this?
  Could you imagine this little piece of crap?
  I'm criticized?
  F you to the founding fathers!
  I'm John Kerry!
  Oh, did you see me on my little thing sailing with my little thing?
  Oh yeah?
  A little boy of nothing?
  A little arrogant piece of scum saying we gotta do away with the Constitution?
  The U.S.S.A., the United Soviet States of America.
  Yep.
  A member of the Forbes family and the Democratic Party.
  Oh, a member of the Forbes family.
  Shalenti, you're just a little guinea from the Bronx.
  I'm a member of the Forbes family.
  Yep.
  Quote, it's really hard to govern today.
  Arguing that social media poses challenges for building consensus in democracies.
  That is an oxymoron, moron.
  Democracies have freedom of speech.
  Hard to govern today?
  No.
  Hard to dictate, you dick-taster!
  What govern?
  Who the hell are you to tell me what to do?
  Who the hell are you to tell me what- Come over here, Kerry!
  You come over here to me man-to-man!
  Man to man, no, no, not your little flunkies behind you, your security men.
  You come over here and you try to tell me, Gerald Solenti, oh, you're only about a foot taller than me.
  Come over here and you tell me what to do.
  And ladies and gentlemen, and children of all ages, this is why we sell these t-shirts at Trends Journal.
  Hey, politicians, who the eff are you to tell me what to do?
  And there's the back.
  All right.
  Here, he goes on.
  And again, this is why you need to support InfoWars.
  They want to cut off freedom of speech.
  He's saying it right here.
  This should be headline news.
  Oh, no.
  Did Taylor Swift have sex lesson?
  Oh, she didn't show up with a boyfriend with that little stupid hat on.
  John Kerry calls for a ministry of truth.
  Heil Hitler!
  A ministry of truth!
  You will only believe what I tell you to believe!
  You will only swallow my crap because I'm full of crap and you have to swallow my crap!
  Stand six feet apart!
  Don't forget to put that mask on!
  Oh yeah, the masks.
  Remember the masks?
  Oh, you remember the masks?
  The masks.
  Yeah.
  Remember the masks?
  Remember these things?
  That everybody wear?
  Yeah.
  Are the masks?
  Uh, these masks do not eliminate exposure to the risk of any disease or infection, but you will wear them!
  I'm in charge!
  I'm little Andy Cuomo!
  I renamed the tapestry to my daddy!
  I'm a little piece of scum!
  I'm Gavin Newsome!
  A little gruesome goosome!
  My daddy worked for the Getty Gang!
  How do you think I got all my money?
  They gave it to me!
  Alright?
  You ready?
  The references we've used to have to determine what is fact and what isn't have kind of been eviscerated.
  Fact
  Fact?
  Hey, Kerry, read the Trends Journal.
  We give you facts, you eff.
  All you prostitute media whores that get paid to put out by the corporate pimps and government whoremasters put out for your crime syndicate government and your corporate pimps.
  If people go to only one source, they're putting out disinformation.
  Oh, wait a minute.
  Wait a minute.
  You're saying we only have to go to your source, Katzon?
  Hey, Katzon!
  If people go to only one source, they're putting out disinformation, but you're saying we gotta swallow your crap so you could govern?
  So you could dictate?
  Well, Dick Taste is better because that's what you are.
  Just look at you.
  As long as Democrats can win ground, we and win the right to govern.
  Could you imagine this shit?
  Hey, hey, hey.
  How about try this one?
  A public servant.
  You work for us.
  You got it?
  Public servant.
  Who the hell are you to tell me what to do?
  I can't use the F word because we don't want to get blacklisted.
  Oh, blacklisted?
  You're being racist.
  Oh, by the way, the rally we had, black, white, all colors, all races, all creeds, all colors, all ages.
  It was terrific.
  You ready?
  I think democracy is a very challenge right now and have not proven they can move fast enough or big enough to address the challenges we face.
  To me, that is part of what this race, this election is all about.
  So we could rule you and shut you the hell up.
  And as I said, the media are nothing more than prostitutes.
  At another WEF event earlier this year, Wall Street Journal editor-in-chief Emma Tucker, you could put an F and take out that T, but I wouldn't, lamented that the loss of the corporate media's monopoly on information.
  Quote, we owned the news.
  We were the gatekeepers.
  We own the news.
  You tell us what to do.
  We own the news.
  You're nothing.
  We own the news!
  Hey, Emma Tucker with an F?
  Where's she from?
  Oh, the UK.
  Yeah, put an F in the U in that, too.
  We'll be back.
  Support InfoWars.
  It's really important.
  The facts are here.
  Hello, hello.
  Glad to be back on the Alex Jones Show.
  And you look at that cover over there, you go to TrendsJournal.com, and you see the rally we had here.
  On Saturday, it was terrific.
  It was great.
  There's four corners of freedom.
  This is the most historic four corners in America.
  The only place with pre-Revolutionary War stone buildings on each corner.
  And it was great.
  The seeds of democracy was sown here.
  And I own three of the buildings.
  I bought them when nobody wanted them.
  It breaks my heart that there is no push for peace.
  But again, we got pieces of scum like Kerry.
  Yeah, this is Dick Cary, by the way.
  He married into the Hines family.
  Yeah, again, a little another daddy's boy, the Forbes guy married into the, you know, Chris the Hines, 57.
  Oh, and his son, Chris Hines, his stepson-in-law, and Hunter Biden, and some other clown.
  After the United States overthrew the democratically elected government, evicting Yanukovych in 2014,
  They get on the board of directors of Burisma Energy.
  Oh, yeah.
  Ukrainian thing up there.
  I believe that energy company was brought up on charges as well.
  They were on the board of directors.
  Made
  Millions and millions.
  What the hell is... Chris Hines' father made ketchup or something, from the ketchup family.
  And little Hunter Biden, you know, coked out, drugged out him.
  What do they know about energy?
  Shut the hell up, Solenti!
  They're a member of a club!
  You're a nobody!
  As George Carlin says, one big club and you ain't in it.
  This is the corruption that we're looking at.
  Again, as that Wall Street editor in chief.
  Could you imagine the editor in chief from the UK?
  Oh, and oh, the head of the Washington Post from the UK.
  The head of Bloomberg News from the UK.
  One after another from the UK.
  And again, throw an F for you in that UK, too.
  We're going to see.
  Yeah.
  The country our founding fathers fought about, now they're ahead of the big major news.
  Oh, CNN.
  I forgot the Cartoon News Network.
  Another UK-er.
  Anyway, we owned the news.
  We were the gatekeepers!
  And we very much owned the facts as well.
  How about fact you?
  The Toilet Paper Record, the New York Slime, and the Wall S.H.I., and I can't say the other word, Journal.
  I subscribe to them.
  Yep.
  I subscribe to them.
  Hardly get any, any valuable information at all in these papers, but we get them so that we see what they're saying.
  We report all the news that's being reported around the world.
  And then we give you our trends analysis and trend forecast.
  This is what they say in Israel.
  This is what they say in Iran.
  This is what they say in the Arab nations.
  This is what they say in China.
  Oh, no, no.
  You're only allowed to hear what we at the Wall S.H.I.
  Journal say.
  And that's why you got to support InfoWars and, of course, subscribe to the Trends Journal.
  And InfoWars has these great products.
  As people ask me, what should I do?
  I say, you gotta get in the best health you can.
  Spiritually, emotionally, and physically.
  And again, that's not BS.
  This is one of the first books I worked on back in the 1980s when no one was talking about natural healing.
  This was a Warner book, when Warner was a big company.
  All right?
  So they have this InfoWars MD Premium Supplement line.
  Thank you.
  Physically, these are some of the great products.
  The Ageless Vitality Collagen, Superfood Green, Mushroom Max, Better Mood Plus, Libido RX, Tumorix 95, CBD Full Spectrum, 10 milligram gummies, 25 milligram gummies, probiotic formula, prostate support.
  And the older you get, the more you gotta support that prostate.
  Take it from an older cat.
  Probiotic formula.
  Nerve renew.
  And a nerves man, I gotta renew my nerves because I'm losing my nerve when I read the crap going on in the world and see what's going on.
  Joint max relief.
  You gotta keep those joints loose.
  And good night's sleep.
  So, it's up to you to grab the reins of your health and wellness.
  And you can do it with this premium lineup.
  And it's now available only at InfoWars store
  At a rate that dominates the competition.
  Yep, dominates the competition.
  And that's what they do with InfoWars, how hard the people work there to give you what you're not getting in many other places.
  You're not getting very, very few.
  So, there you got it.
  And again, we're doing the same thing with the Trends Journal.
  We just had a big peace rally over here.
  How many people having peace rallies?
  Peace is a dirty word.
  This is serious what's going on.
  Very serious.
  This is Camilla Hilarious.
  This past weekend, my buddy, Mark Ferraro, came up with that.
  Mark Ferraro is the hairstylist of the stars up here.
  Well, the cats of Woodstock back in the day, from the top to the... to everybody, anyway.
  He came up with Camilla Hilarious because that's what she is.
  It's an effing joke.
  A joke.
  This is the headline.
  Nasrallah was a terrorist with American blood on his hands.
  She said in San Francisco.
  Across decades, his leadership of Hezbollah destabilized the Middle East and led to the killing of countless innocent people in Lebanon, Israel, Syria, and around the world.
  All right.
  Today, Hezbollah's victims have a measure of justice.
  Let's get this straight.
  Israel invaded Lebanon in 1982.
  They were there for almost 20 years before Hezbollah threw them out.
  And I'm tired, I'm tired, I'm tired of hearing this crap that God gave you this land.
  All right?
  I know, it says in the good book, you know, chapter 6, section 8.
  Don't want to hear it!
  They gave you this land with the Balfour Declaration by the scum clown over there in the UK in 1917.
  Wrote about it in detail in your Trends Journal.
  Yeah.
  Wrote about it in detail, about how this was Crusades 2000.
  The Balfour Declaration that laid the foundation for Israel.
  His Majesty's government, some little clown boy dressed up with all of these little ribbons and pearls and diamonds and this and that and a little clown hat.
  With a circle with little things on it, and all this other- His Majesty!
  Who the- What are you talking- His Majesty!
  Save your crap!
  Oh, no, no!
  That's the crap they all want you to swallow, just like Scum Carry is saying that you only gotta believe the crap spewing out of his mouth.
  His Majesty's government, views with favor,
  The establishment in Palestine!
  In Palestine!
  Of a national home for the Jewish people.
  Hey, how about a national home for the Catholic people?
  How about a national home for the Baptists?
  How about a national home for the Quakers?
  How about a national?
  Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
  God only gave the little answer.
  I don't want to hear this.
  And don't call me an anti-Semite.
  I don't want to hear it again.
  Three of my last four girlfriends were Jewish.
  All right.
  My best buddies are Jewish.
  Every one of my Jewish friends are against what's going on here.
  So say that crap.
  His Majesty's government views with favor the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people, and we will use our best endeavors to facilitate the achievement of this objective.
  So stop it.
  So going back to Hezbollah and what Harris is saying, quote, I have an unwavering commitment to the security of Israel.
  Okay.
  Everybody with the unwavering commitment to the security of Israel, put on your costume, your military costume, grab your guns, grab your money, grab your kids, grab your wife, your transgenders, everybody else that you love so much, go over there and fight or shut your mouth.
  You got it?
  Again,
  Hezbollah is a terrorist group because they drove Israel out again in 2006.
  So you're a terrorist.
  You are a terrorist when the settlers — isn't that a nice word?
  Isn't that a nice made-up word?
  Settlers?
  How about land stealers in violation of the United Nations Article 242 and the Geneva Convention?
  Settlers.
  Stealing land, killing people, and when you fight back, you're a militant.
  You're a terrorist.
  That's the language they use.
  They use the language to describe anybody that fights against the United States or its allies, terrorists and militants.
  Attack Iraq?
  Oh, those militants, those terrorists fought against us.
  Attack Afghanistan, why, those dirty terrorists?
  Again, somebody breaks into your house with guns and you shoot them.
  Why, you lousy SOB, Salenti?
  You killed somebody who was trying to kill you?
  That's why you go to InfoWars.
  And that's why you subscribe to the Trends Journal.
  We're giving you what nobody else in the world is giving you when it comes to trends.
  Not even close.
  You put in JonesTrends.com, JonesTrends is the link, and you get a 10% discount.
  Of course, you get a grand total of $2.50 a week.
  So I don't want to hear you can't afford it.
  Because if you don't want to know what in the world is going on,
  What's next and what to do that you don't want to magazine?
  Oh, gold prices?
  Oh, they're down today, but they're what, over $2,600 an ounce?
  Up over 30% since we made the forecast that this is a golden year for gold?
  And that, again, do what you want.
  We are in the most perilous times in modern history.
  Again, we have Scott Ritter up here, Judgment Napolitano, Joe Lori is Consortium News.
  Great site to go to.
  There's no man that I know more of a man than Scott Ritter.
  I want to make that clear.
  And I'm a fighter.
  I taught close combat for many years.
  John Perkins, Top Cat was my teacher.
  I used to go to Palace Lysée in France and work out with these guys because my former girlfriend, Marie-Pierre, her brother Francois, was the left shoulder of Jacques Chirac and Mitterrand.
  Yeah, Scott Ritter is a man of men.
  Brad Steiner, look him up.
  Brad Steiner used to write for the Trends Journal.
  He was the top close combat guy.
  He loved what I was doing.
  He passed away, may his soul rest in peace.
  And he was John Perkins' teacher.
  So when I say what's going on over here,
  And that these gutless little clowns that couldn't fight their way out of a paper bag, these little chicken hawks are the biggest warmongers.
  I'm tired of hearing this crap about Israel having the only right to defend itself and nobody else can.
  They just killed over a thousand people in Lebanon.
  They're blowing the place to smithereens with our bombs!
  With our bombs!
  And we just gave him almost another $9 billion to do it, and another $9 billion to Ukraine.
  To Zelensky!
  The guy, can't make this up, that was a top sitcom guy that used to play the piano with his penis and brag about it.
  Google it up.
  Google it up!
  Zelensky playing the piano with his penis, and this is the guy over here that came to the United States last week with a victory plan.
  Who you talking to?
  You don't have a victory.
  Oh, and how about that guy over there?
  Another arrogant clown boy.
  Oh, I was a volunteer with the IDF or something like that.
  Well, go back over there, Josh Shapiro.
  Yeah, Josh Shapiro, the governor of Pennsylvania, signing his name on a Horwitz's shell.
  What'd you write?
  Hope this kills a lot of innocent people?
  This is demonic.
  What Kerry said is demonic to this constitution.
  What Shapiro did is demonic to this country.
  Oh, I forgot.
  How about Nikki Haley?
  Another little piece of nothing crap.
  Going over to Israel and signing on a big, big bomb or whatever.
  Finish that.
  Yeah.
  Kill all those Palestinians.
  Palestinian lives don't matter.
  Yep.
  I will always support Israel's right to defend itself.
  I'm so tired of hearing that crap line.
  Against Iran and Iran-backed terrorist groups such as Hezbollah, Hamas and Houthis.
  Oh, the Houthis are a terrorist group.
  The Houthis and the terrorist group, that little, oh, the Nobel Peace of Crap Prize winner, Barack Obama, along with Saudi Arabia, tried to overthrow the Houthi government.
  And our little boy, Blinken, at that time was the undersecretary of state in the United States, going over to Saudi Arabia to give strategic
  Alliance with them and the United States refueling the planes so Israel could bomb the Houthis.
  Go back.
  Tracking trends is the understanding of where we are, how we got here, to see where we're going.
  They invented the Saudi gang back in 1933 or 34.
  As soon as the kingdom.
  I'm the king.
  Here, king.
  Here, boy.
  Give me your paw.
  Sit.
  Yeah.
  The kingdom tried to overthrow the Houthis because their land was right next to them.
  Yeah.
  They're terrorists.
  Yep.
  This is serious.
  Scott Ritter made it 100% clear.
  We are on the verge of nuclear annihilation.
  This is the top cat.
  As I said, there's no man like him.
  And again, I'm a fighter.
  I only attack the attacker.
  Been with the top guys, except Brad Steiner, John Perkins.
  Scott Ritter, who is who he is because he was on the other side.
  This guy's a giant.
  His father was in the military.
  When he went in as a Marine boy, all he wanted to do was shoot and kill.
  Until he saw the horrors of war, he became a different man.
  Just like I'm a different person.
  I told you, I have pictures of me picking up Ronald Reagan at the Chicago Hilton in 1976.
  I was 30 years old, putting on a brunch for 16 of our board of directors.
  Prince of Norway did a gig in the
  Prime Minister of the UK, Majors was there.
  28 years old, I was killing environmental legislation at the height of the environmental movement.
  Staying at the Willard Hotel and putting my meetings at the Hay-Adams.
  The Hay-Adams is right across the street from the White House.
  I started growing up and learning.
  And that's what this is, it's a learning process.
  You don't stop learning.
  And you're getting that from InfoWars and you're getting it from the Trends Journal.
  And one of our articles is coming out.
  Israel can kill whoever it wants.
  U.S.
  mobilizing to fight Iran if it retaliates and attacks Israel.
  Yep.
  Iran's U.S.
  envoy penned a letter calling on the United States U.N.
  Security Council, quote, to take immediate action and decisive action to stop Israel's ongoing aggression and prevent from dragging the region into a full-scale war.
  And now they're talking about invading Lebanon again.
  This is serious.
  As I say, where are all the religions?
  Where are all the religions?
  How come all the Catholic priests aren't out there protesting for peace?
  I guess they're playing around with little boys.
  I forget.
  Yeah.
  Again, I was raised Catholic and going to Catholic school destroyed my life for a long, long time.
  When a nun beat me up in the fifth grade, perforated my middle ear, broke my eardrum.
  And left me back, so I was the stupidest kid.
  Accused me of talking during prayers.
  We're all the Quakers.
  I say, dying in an earthquake?
  How come the big Quaker movement's not out there for peace?
  We're the Baptists waiting for it.
  How come you're not all out there?
  And again, there are very good evangelical Christians that are very much for peace.
  But not the little clown boy that's playing our, you know, the house leader over there.
  House leader of a bunch of losers.
  House leader losers.
  Little Johnson boy.
  Mikey Johnson.
  Another little gutless clown that couldn't fight his way out of a paper bag.
  Again, every politician that supports war, Ukraine war, Israel war, go over there and fight or shut your mouth.
  You gutless little clowns.
  Oh, one of my sayings is, when all else fails, they take you to war.
  I detailed how Netanyahu, the Prime Minister of Israel, was down, way down in the polls, 39 weeks of protests because of his Judicial Reform Act that would have basically stopped him from going to court for charges he was brought up on.
  39 weeks of protests.
  And now?
  He's rising in the polls, as he keeps increasing the war.
  Same thing happened with little Georgie Bush.
  His ratings were in the toilet, where he should be flushed down.
  Because of the dot-com bust, we're going into a deep recession.
  Again, wrote about the dot-com bust, called it in your Trends Journal, in 1999, in the fall, when it used to be a quarterly.
  Dot-com this.
  Nation in a recession, couldn't stand little Bushy.
  The daddy's boy, another daddy's boy.
  9-11 happens, war on terror, whoop!
  90% of the people swallowed the crap coming out of his mouth.
  Said in detail many, many times.
  Read it, right out of history today, how President Franklin Roosevelt seized all Japanese assets in July of 1941 in the UK, and the Dutch cut off all their trade, three quarters of it, and 88% of their oil.
  What was going on?
  The Great Depression.
  When all else fails, they take you to war.
  And as Harris is going down in the polls now, who knows what's going to happen next?
  We have the right to defend Israel.
  What if there's an attack in America?
  We go to war.
  And just as the people swallow the crap spewing out of little Georgie Bush's mouth, they'll swallow it coming out of
  Camilla Hilarious's mouth.
  And out of their mind, out of his mind, Biden.
  When all else fails, they take you to war.
  Again, we don't give financial advice.
  This is a golden year for gold.
  Gold prices are going to go up as war escalates.
  It's the number one safe haven asset.
  Again, we have no advertisers.
  Nobody tells us what to do.
  Nobody.
  Nobody, anywhere, anyplace.
  Again, support InfoWars.
  They're doing everything they can to support you.
  Our lives are on the line.
  If we don't have peace on Earth, it's going to be hell on Earth.
  So support InfoWars and subscribe to the Trends Journal.
  Thank you, you guys and girls, for all that you do.
  Women, I should say.
  See you soon.
  The Save Alex Jones Broadcast Limited Edition Fundraiser T-Shirt is available at dalexjonesstore.com.
  This exclusive limited edition t-shirt is your chance to stand with Alex Jones and support the ongoing fight for free speech.
  Featuring the bold red InfoWars logo prominently displayed on the front, this shirt is more than just a piece of apparel.
  It's a statement of solidarity.
  Crafted from high-quality materials, the shirt also features the Infowars.com website and an American flag on the sleeve, symbolizing the fight to keep independent voices on the air.
  Every purchase of this t-shirt goes directly to ensuring that no matter what obstacles arise, Alex Jones will continue to broadcast the truth.
  Wearing this shirt means you're part of the mission to protect free speech and keep Alex Jones broadcasting.
  Get yours now before this limited edition sells out and wear it proudly as a defender of the truth.
  Visit dalexjonesstore.com right now and get the Save Alex Jones Broadcast limited edition fundraiser t-shirt now.
  Get yours now.