While other networks lie to you about what's happening now, Infowars tells you the truth about what's happening next.
  Visit Infowars.com forward slash show and support the Infowars.
  All right, ladies and gentlemen, Harris is sinking even faster in the polls.
  We have massive guests today.
  Thanks for joining us on this live Friday, October 11, 2024 transmission.
  InfoWars. Tomorrow's news today.
  It is Friday, October 11th, 2024.
  We have 24 days, 14 hours, 59 minutes, 31 seconds.
  The most important election in world history, hands down.
  And then 100 days till Trump gets inaugurated on the south side of the U.S. Capitol.
  All of the major trend lines are coming together.
  The good, the bad, and the ugly.
  We are living in the most exciting and dangerous time in world history.
  Man, it is all over mainstream news that the FBI trained and brought in a Pakistani group thinking they were working for Iran to kill Trump.
  We even caught them in the middle of it.
  Now they've caught this guy brought in by the CIA who was going to launch terror attacks and then a separate law enforcement group busted them.
  Mayorkas got caught up in a press conference.
  We're good to go.
  Real Alex Jones on X. Share those live feeds now, now, now.
  And tell those you share it with to share it now, now, now.
  And remember, the enemy's trying to shut us down right now.
  It's critical to keep InfoWars on the air.
  So I want to thank all of you that have been supporting and encourage those that haven't, take action now.
  At thealicejonesstore.com, we don't just sell products and t-shirts.
  We empower patriots to stay strong in the fight for freedom.
  Our best-selling items like Ultimate CMOS and our amazing fundraiser t-shirts help keep Americans fighting for freedom outwardly and inwardly as they support the InfoWars broadcast and the Alex Jones broadcast as well.
  Conspiracies are no longer conspiracies.
  They're truth. We love the shirts.
  And not only that, I just wish more people would get wise.
  Is that Donald Trump, baby?
  That's right. That's who I'm voting for.
  And I'm Hispanic. We hear stories like this every day.
  Real Americans just like you reclaiming their freedom with our cutting-edge supplements and t-shirts available right now at thealishjonesstore.com.
  Everyone. I wanted to recommend the AJ Store.
  This is my first time buying.
  Obviously, it won't be my last.
  I'm going after the Alex Jones Was Right.
  That will be my next purchase.
  And the gummies.
  I really want those gummies.
  At thealexjonesstore.com, we stand behind every product with rigorous testing in unparalleled quality.
  But don't just take our word for it.
  See what thousands of satisfied customers are saying and experience the benefits for yourself.
  I stand for Alex Jones, the AJ Store, and all of us patriots.
  And God bless my new shirt, and God bless you all.
  America will rise again.
  Head to TheAlexJonesStore.com today.
  Read the reviews and join the movement of informed, empowered patriots taking their health and style into their own hands.
  Don't wait. Stock up now because your freedom and future depend on it.
  Visit TheAlexJonesStore.com right now.
  We're winning. The Save Alex Jones broadcast limited edition fundraiser t-shirt is available at dalexjonesstore.com.
  This exclusive limited edition t-shirt is your chance to stand with Alex Jones and support the ongoing fight for free speech.
  Featuring the bold red InfoWars logo prominently displayed on the front, this shirt is more than just a piece of apparel.
  It's a statement of solidarity.
  Crafted from high-quality materials, the shirt also features the Infowars.com website and an American flag on the sleeve, symbolizing the fight to keep independent voices on the air.
  Every purchase of this t-shirt goes directly to ensuring that no matter what obstacles arise, Alex Jones will continue to broadcast the truth.
  Wearing this shirt means you're part of the mission to protect free speech and keep Alex Jones broadcasting.
  Get yours now before this limited edition sells out and wear it proudly as a defender of the truth.
  Visit thealexjonesstore.com right now and get the Save Alex Jones Broadcast limited edition fundraiser t-shirt now.
  Get yours now. When I grow up, I want to crush the new world order.
  Well, when I say that humanity is waking up, when I say that liberty is rising, That is far from an exaggeration.
  In fact, I find words hard to describe how urgent and existential and historic and dangerous but also filled with opportunity we are right now.
  It is Friday, October 11th, 2024.
  We are 24 days out from this incredibly important election.
  Regardless of what happens, we have drawn the globalists out of the open.
  Their agenda, their criminality, they are so discredited.
  They've been caught setting it up for illegal aliens to vote all over the country.
  They're lying and they're flip-flopping.
  Everybody's talking about it.
  And almost everyone I talked to and other former Democrat influencers and talk show hosts all said the same thing.
  They can find no one or almost no one who's voting for Kamala.
  The woman polled less than 2% in polls behind everybody else when she ran for president both times.
  Less than 1% of black people support her in polls.
  But she's been selected, and now she was on international Spanish-speaking television yesterday for a town hall.
  And we have the video of her.
  They do a wide shot, and she's reading off a teleprompter.
  So when they ask her the questions, they already have them preloaded.
  And then she looks at a teleprompter and reads off of it.
  I mean, this is next-level puppet behavior.
  And then I've got the Rasmussen polls that is the most accurate large polling agency.
  They predicted Trump would lose in 2020.
  And I've had their head pollster on, not because he really lost, but because there's so many illegals and dead people voting, that because he was not having a landslide like he had in 2016...
  He was going to lose, narrowly, because of the fraud.
  He did. Well, that same pollster was on just a week ago and he said, this is bigger than 2016 and that's what I see just on the ground.
  And I look at everything. So that's why they've tried to kill him twice.
  And I've got a whole stack of news here.
  Kamala Harris is losing ground in must-win battlegrounds.
  The scientific polls show her losing massively in all of them.
  Even the skewed polls show it being very, very close.
  That is all coming up.
  Let me tell you...
  We have on the broadcast today, coming up in 22 minutes from now.
  Great investigative reporter with amazing sources, with PIs on the ground in multiple states, and I know the PIs, we're working with them.
  They don't want to be known, but I've known them for 15 years.
  So I know the investigation's going on, and he's going to break a lot of stuff here today.
  Jack Posobiec on what I said two days after they shot Trump in Butler, and it came out, of course, later.
  That the FBI was creating assassination teams.
  The Muslims they found that weren't too smart thought they were getting money from Iran to kill Trump.
  They were getting money from the FBI. That was in the last month that broke and trended on X last week.
  And it breaks here first and makes it to larger audiences later.
  And now we have Mayorkas being blasted by reporters asking how the CIA-linked Afghan-Isis terrorist suspect was allowed into the United States.
  Yeah, why did Biden give him 80-something billion dollars of equipment and money?
  That's their little October surprise, or one of them I've talked about.
  So Jack Posobiec is coming up at the bottom of the hour.
  Then great constitutional lawyer and really smart political operative.
  Some of the best analysis out there, Robert Barnes.
  Next hour. And a guy I've wanted to get on for years, Senator Malcolm Roberts, in the middle of the night over in Australia.
  He is leading the main movement against the New World Order there.
  That affects the entire planet.
  Senator Malcolm Roberts joining us coming up in the third hour today.
  And then Dr.
  Stella Emanuel with great analysis on how they're trying to bring in all these new viruses and tyranny and scares in the fourth hour in studio.
  And then of course there's so much other news that I'll be interspersing to the transmission.
  Dr. Casey Means Went on Joe Rogan and then went over the actual statistics of the cancer and the death rates and our longevity dropping, how long we live dropping, and how indeed the majority of the frogs that get into the atrazine become gay.
  They don't want to have sex with females and then they...
  They go extinct.
  And people are all freaking out saying Alex Jones is right.
  I mean, that was a fact 30 years ago.
  They've known. Every other country's banned atrazine, our loving government, makes sure that it's basically in everything.
  70-something megatons.
  She's got the numbers. It's just so much of this is dumped into our food and water supply every year.
  That's why if you're not filtering your water with a filter system that cuts it out, because the average filter doesn't do it, you are insane.
  Because that's where you're mainly getting it.
  It also bioaccumulates in a lot of the food.
  That's just one of these forever chemicals.
  I'm going to be getting to that as well today.
  And then as we get all these mutants, people that have had their gender bent at the embryonic level, they're not female, but they're trending towards it.
  They have those inclinations.
  Instead of saying, oh, let's get the chemicals out of the food and water, or on top of that, let's have hormone therapy for children that aren't going into puberty and aren't manifesting their characteristics.
  Why don't we give growth hormone, low dosages, and testosterone to these young boys when they hit 12 and aren't going into puberty and aren't growing?
  They're also stunted from atrazine.
  Oh no, we'll just go with the chemical that bent you this way and bend you and break it off and go all the way.
  And so I've been talking about this for decades, but now even mainline endocrinologists and scientists are saying, no, we should start hormone supplementing for young boys.
  Instead, again, oh, no, let's give them more female hormones and accelerate the mutation or go with the mutation.
  So this is a big deal.
  When we talk about the frogs, it's happening to birds.
  Ornithologists are seeing this.
  It's happening to insects where they just are sterile.
  It's happening to mammals. It's happening to marsupials.
  It's going down.
  Now there's big reports.
  It's just across species. So that's coming up as well.
  But I first want to dive into Kamala because, again, you saw the big polls.
  Three big scientific ones came out and then also the betting markets that are the most accurate show the same thing.
  Trump is 13 to 17 points ahead in scientific polls and the betting markets.
  Across the US and across the world.
  And that's the numbers I've been telling you for six months from sources that I know very well inside the Trump campaign that are doing real internal scientific polling.
  I told you he's 15 points ahead in Michigan.
  He's 15 to 14 points ahead in Pennsylvania.
  He's 10 to 15 points ahead in Georgia.
  He's 10 to 15 points ahead in Arizona.
  And even states like New Jersey, he is in internal polling.
  Dead heats.
  Yeah, so there you see.
  Polymarket trends.
  Trump approaching 60.
  Kamala approaching 40.
  And the trends going up to that right now, it's 46 to 54.
  And that particular cross-index.
  So, I want to hit that.
  But I just want to say this again, because I talked about it a lot yesterday, but I don't usually listen to rebroadcasts, but I did listen to the 30 minutes or so I spent on The Great Awakening, and I didn't kind of quantify it up front and simplify it, and then I just walked through all the evidence instead of getting to the meat and potatoes statement.
  You don't need me to tell you this, you see it.
  But there's a global political realignment against the globalists, against the WEF, against the UN, against Klaus Schwab.
  Populists are being elected everywhere.
  They're winning almost every election.
  Unless you're in the UK and you already have fake conservatives claiming they would fix it, but they didn't.
  So then they, by parliamentary manipulation of less than 20%, the ultra commies, labor got in.
  But now the polls are showing it's going totally against them and they're the most unpopular ever.
  So, but everywhere else, just in Austria last week, there's so many examples, the nationalist anti-globalists that sound just like me or Elon Musk or Tucker Carlson are winning.
  And that's the point.
  The talking points...
  From Australia, to Russia, to Europe, to the UK, to Canada, to the US, by all the leading political parties, sound just like this show 20 years ago.
  They're not as hardcore, but they're 90% there.
  People make the points in Germany and Canada.
  They go, why, the leader of the Conservatives sounds like Alex Jones.
  You see that headline every day. Well, it's not even if they're listening to me, though.
  A lot of them are. They are seeing the same thing.
  And once you understand how things work, now you're not in the dark anymore.
  You've got a really good chance to stop the globalists.
  So, I'm seeing major signs.
  We're good to go.
  The question is, will they trigger it?
  And of course, they've got all these assassin teams they're funding that think they're working for Iran, think they're working for ISIS, and of course, they're working for the CIA and FBI. That's coming up in less than 15 minutes.
  The details of that. So, we've seen major preparation, DOD getting ready for martial law, covered that yesterday in official documents.
  We'll get more into that at the bottom of the hour.
  So I saw the major evidence of them engaging, that they're going down that path, that was the plan.
  But I'm now seeing major signs all over the world, at the UN, the IMF, the World Bank, NATO, here, that they are slowing that implementation down very quickly, and it appears to be a retraction of them going into full nuclear war and total collapse and civil unrest,
  billed as race war and martial law.
  Now, so just a month ago, I'm like, it looks really bad.
  They are engaging these operations, the setup for it.
  Now I'm seeing massive retraction.
  Rodney Howard Brown, I think, is a very smart guy.
  I've been watching him for over 15 years, but I've seen his stuff from 30 years ago.
  He was talking just like me because he's smart, lived around the world.
  He's got churches in more than 100 countries.
  And he says the same thing.
  He says that we're winning.
  They're retracting. We have the initiative.
  It means we're winning the war.
  We're driving the enemy out.
  Tucker says the same thing.
  Musk says the same thing.
  General Flynn says the same thing.
  So it doesn't mean we're out of the woods yet.
  Or you know what the wolf says in Pulp Fiction.
  Let's not start wedding yet.
  But we are having a lot of success.
  So keep it up. Pray, be politically engaged, support those that are fighting tyranny, and we're going to be able to defeat this with God's help.
  Again, it doesn't mean there's some utopia on the other side.
  It doesn't mean everything's going to be perfect. But we won't have the globalists really considering releasing a new super virus, starting a nuclear war, launching giant power outages to be blamed on their enemies.
  They're bringing crises so bad they have a smokescreen for censorship, mass arrest, civil war.
  You've seen the movies and the productions and the professors and the media all promoting civil war the last few years.
  And now I'm seeing a retraction of that.
  Now you could say that's because they're getting ready to do it and they want to pre-program that they try to stop it right at the end.
  But I don't think that's what's happening.
  In fact, I pretty much know it is.
  Now they may decide to go ahead and their councils of conspiracy and control to go ahead and go with massive crises, but it appears right now they're having serious second thoughts and are blinking.
  The next U.S. Civil War is already here.
  We just refuse to see it.
  By the way, guys, I have the clip about it, but I had the article yesterday.
  Will you guys print me the article about DOD changes policy?
  Policy. And puts out memorandum to kill American citizens.
  Will you actually get me the article that Elijah Schaefer talks about?
  Because I had it. And I want to talk about that with Jack.
  I'm about to clean my desk off.
  I meant to save that. I didn't.
  So print me the actual article he's got in the video that we have here on the stack.
  Thank you. All right.
  Let's go ahead and start going to some of these Kamala clips.
  I just got to get these out there. This is a short compilation.
  It's up on Infowars.com.
  I suggest you share it. This is going wild on the internet.
  Her just insane level, next level, flip-flopping.
  Here it is. Pretend on extending a tax cut, repealing that tax bill that they just passed.
  And also looking at estate taxes are going to have to go up.
  Everything from a 70 to 80% tax rate.
  I think that's fantastic. I made that very clear in 2020.
  I will not ban fracking.
  There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking.
  She was big on defund the police.
  For too long, the status quo thinking has been you get more safety by putting more cops on the street.
  Well, that's wrong. She was the border czar.
  She doesn't want to be called the border czar because she's embarrassed by the border.
  I am in favor of saying that we're not going to treat people who are undocumented across the border as criminals.
  That's correct. Abolish ICE. Yeah, we need to probably think about starting from scratch.
  She is Biden. The worst inflation we've ever had.
  A horrible economy because inflation has made it so bad.
  Bidenomics is working.
  It's working. And then this business about taking everyone's guns away.
  Tim Walls and I are both gun owners.
  We're not taking anybody's guns away.
  So stop with the continuous lying about this stuff.
  We have to have a buyback program and I support a mandatory buyback program.
  My agenda includes attempting to get Congress to act, but if they don't within the first hundred days of my administration, I'm going to take a consecutive act.
  Well, first of all, I absolutely support, and over the last four years as vice president, private health care options.
  I believe it will totally eliminate private insurance.
  Let's eliminate all of that.
  Let's move on. And of course, that's an official ad put out by Trump Vance.
  Now let's move on to the next one.
  This is her last night at a town hall.
  And she says that she'll stack her record up on the border or anything against Trump any day.
  And I ended up watching most of it this morning.
  I mean, she says she controlled the border.
  She's done a great job. She then reads off a teleprompter.
  She gets nailed with a question that she obviously knew was coming about how she was selected and appointed.
  And then she talks about democracy and how Trump's a dictator and how she's got to stop him.
  No, that's dictatorial being appointed.
  Not being voted for to be the nominee.
  I mean, it's just incredible. So here she is on her record.
  South as well as what was coming north.
  So I will put my record up against anyone in terms of the work I have always done and will always do to ensure we have a secure border.
  Okay, this is mainly for TV viewers.
  Radio listeners can't see this, but I posted it at Real Auctions on X. They go to a wide shot, and they did this a bunch.
  They don't even hide it. And the person asked a question.
  They've obviously pre-selected it.
  It's loaded in the teleprompter.
  And then she reads off a teleprompter.
  Here it is. Are you a victim of crime?
  Are you a Republican? Are you a Democrat?
  The only question I ever asked is, are you okay?
  And sadly, we have seen over the last two weeks since Hurricane Helene.
  And there you can see the teleprompter.
  Okay, let's go to a gentleman asking her a question that she gets asked all the time, even on 60 Minutes, how she's been selected.
  And then the answer is five minutes long.
  I'm not going to play the whole thing. The whole thing is, again, on X. It gets more insane.
  But the first minute is just unbelievable.
  And then she ends with, Trump wants to be a dictator.
  No, he joked and said, day one, I will drill baby drill and get rid of all the executive orders that have blocked oil drilling and gas drilling in America and most areas.
  Which again, it's an executive order.
  Biden did it. The president is dictatorial in his executive powers, not in general.
  So they take his jokes and they turn it into this.
  Here it is. Right now, leaning towards Trump, but I haven't made a decision.
  I'm also concerned about the way I feel President Biden was pushed aside.
  Oh. And so close to the elections, I believe these are extraordinary circumstances given how close we are to the election.
  And Mario's question?
  So the question is, how can you clarify this whole process and how you were elected?
  First of all, thank you for being so candid and allowing me to answer the question.
  Thank you. President Biden made a decision that I think history will show was probably one of the most courageous that a president could make, which is he decided to put country above his personal interest.
  And he made that decision.
  He decided Very, within that same period of time, supported my candidacy and urged me to run.
  He and I have been partners for the last four years as his vice president to him as the president.
  And I am honored to have earned the Democratic nomination.
  I am honored to have the endorsement of people from every walk of life.
  You will probably find that I probably have a bigger coalition of people who couldn't seem to be more different than each other.
  Alright, let's stop right here. You know what I'm going to do?
  Later in the broadcast, I'm going to play the clip.
  It's five minutes long and I'm going to stop it and start it because every five seconds is a lie.
  Everybody loves her.
  She worked with Biden, so it's okay she was selected.
  And then she goes into Trump, is going to be a dictator.
  So that's why she's got to do this.
  And it goes on and on and on with total and complete BS. No, you didn't earn anything.
  All right. We're going to get into the big news straight ahead.
  DOD directive expands domestic military authority to include lethal force against Americans.
  The FBI and CIA both caught trying to get assassination teams to kill Trump, believing they were working for ISIS or Iran.
  I said this months ago.
  I said a lot of these idiots don't even know who they're working for.
  That's all coming up with Jack McSubit with major breaking news.
  Remember, the only way this broadcast is possible is Is your support, and we could be shut down in 30 days.
  We'll put that on screen, the 13th.
  I need your support.
  We will stay on the air one way or another, even if they shut down InfoWars, but it takes money.
  32 days until that happens, potentially.
  Please support our sponsor, thealexjonesstore.com.
  Get the ultimate superfood, ultimate CMOS, the highest quality iodine, all the other trace minerals and key cofactors that are in it.
  It is so good for your whole body, your immune system, your brain.
  It's good for children, adults, old people.
  Everybody needs ultimate CMOS, up to 55% off when you get three bottles, 40% off when you get one bottle.
  45% when you get two bottles.
  It's available right now exclusively at thealexjonesstore.com.
  And your purchase makes the broadcast possible.
  Also, one of the best super green foods out there.
  Optimal Human is discounted as well.
  Thealexjonesstore.com. While you're there, check out the t-shirts, the hoodies, the ball caps that are all fundraisers.
  But the red on navy blue classic InfoWars shirt...
  TheAlexJonesStore.com Thealexjonesstore.com.
  I want to thank all of you that have been supporting.
  Also, another amazing product, Next Level Foundational Energy is back in stock and discounted at drjonesnaturals.com.
  It's not a stimulant, but it feels like one with no letdown.
  It's amazing. You want Next Level Foundational Energy exclusively available at drjonesnaturals.com.
  So support our sponsor there as well, drjonesnaturals.com.
  We'll be right back, drjonesnaturals.com.
  And we are back broadcasting worldwide today.
  On this Friday, October 11th, 2024 transmission.
  All right. Now, we have all the documents.
  And it was in the news a month ago that Congress is preparing for mass casualty events and power outages and cyber attacks and martial law.
  And Jamie Raskin, one of their top spokespersons, said there are going to be civil war conditions.
  And I've got articles here and videos where Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats are saying they're not going to certify a Trump win.
  Everything they accused Trump of doing that he didn't do and then indicted him for.
  And then we've got what I said was going on right when they tried to kill Trump in July, that they're going to have CIA and FBI groups going out and fighting Islamic people to believe they're working for ISIS and Iran, two different Islamic groups,
  Shiites and Sunnis, to try to kill Trump.
  And now it's mainstream news.
  Only two people exposed this, myself and Jack Posobiec, even before they tried this.
  And I said, watch, they'll start blaming it on Iran.
  They did that after I talked about it.
  And the reason I point that out is they've already tried to kill him twice we know of.
  They're going to try again.
  We are only 24 days out from the election.
  And it is good agents inside the FBI and the federal government that keep exposing these plots.
  But look at this headline.
  DOD directive expands domestic military authority to include lethal force.
  I'll show you the document.
  DOD directive 5240.01.
  They've not just gotten rid of positive comitatus, they're gearing up for this.
  Now, I'm seeing signs while they gear up for martial law.
  That they're also slowing down some of this right now and some of their actions.
  We'll talk about that with Jack Posobiec who's got private investigators on the ground in Pennsylvania.
  Florida and other areas that I can confirm this because I know these investigators for more than, like, actually about 18 years.
  Very good group, but they don't want to be known publicly.
  This is very dangerous what they're doing.
  And Jack now can basically give you most of the report, and it's in his new book as well.
  So this is a big deal. We'll talk to Jack in a moment.
  But let me show you a FEMA whistleblower.
  Because people always want to hear a whistleblower.
  This is in the FEMA documents.
  It's in the news. But he's telling you what they're being trained for.
  So that's why I'm telling you that they've got this set up and ready to go.
  I don't know if the Globals will pull the trigger, but exposing it and letting the establishment know we're aware of their plans is what derails it and helps other whistleblowers expose it.
  Like one of the Jan 6 officers that arrested Owen Schroyer is going to be on his show next week whistleblowing and exposing what really happened.
  So the whistleblowers are really the Achilles heel of this whole thing.
  Here's a short clip of the female whistleblower.
  We'll go to Jack Posobiec. What's going on everybody?
  Some information that I just want to pass along, give to you guys about FEMA because a lot of people don't understand how FEMA operates.
  So FEMA provides training for things that They see on the near future.
  They use predictive modeling, threat assessment, following trends to look at possible scenarios that might be coming up.
  This year, the first three scenarios that they're offering to emergency managers like myself in these virtual tabletop exercises is infrastructure blackouts, social unrest, And the mass casualty mass shooter instance specifically focused around loss.
  So, given that information, I would highly recommend you to think about your planning processes, your systems, and how you're just going to conduct yourself in terms of one of those three or more occurring in your daily life.
  Something to think about, something to keep in mind when you see FEMA putting information out over the cells.
  And what I do and what Jack Posobiec does, and I wish more people did it, is do an analysis, just like FEMA does or intelligence agencies.
  Of what's going on and what's happening, who stands to gain, who has a history of doing this.
  And when FEMA tells you it's going to be ISIS, Al-Qaeda, Iran, well, who stands to gain?
  Who's had the standout of the Secret Service?
  Who wants Trump dead?
  Who's all over the view every day saying Trump needs to die?
  Melania wants him taken out, crushing like a bug.
  The Democrats. So Jack Posobiec, former Naval Intelligence researcher, great friend of mine, some of the best researchers We're good to go.
  A peace skill and things.
  It seems like we're being brought up to the edge or the technocrats have got both scenarios moving forward.
  But if they know that their crisis creation will be blamed on them or a Trump assassination will be blamed on them, they will then not do it, in my view.
  How do you quantify the moment we're in right now?
  And let's get into your latest findings on the attempted Trump assassinations.
  Well, Alex, thank you so much for having me on.
  And of course, one thing that when we put the book together, Bulletproof, and we put together the report, and of course, we had our private investigators, and we've had our private investigators since I made the announcement with you and Tucker in Redding, Pennsylvania, where we held the first Bulletproof briefing of announcing that we do have the private investigation team that is up on the ground doing the shoe leather work in Butler,
  Pennsylvania, as well as Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, where the first Trump shooter or perhaps the first unit of Trump shooters, the first team of Trump shooters made their attempt in Butler on J13. Then we also got the information of this individual Ryan Wesley Routh.
  And I've just released a new report on Ryan Routh up on my ex account that people can go and look at talking about the Bulletproof project because Alex, when you look at the convergence of events that are going on right now, it's very clear what we see,
  that people do expect massive unrest in the wake of the election.
  As we hurdle towards this election, it's very clear that unrest is in the cards.
  And I've heard from high level that there are operational orders going out, that there are warning orders going out, saying something might come predicated on the election, and specifically I got this from a high-level source.
  I haven't even released this on X yet.
  I'll release it here for the first time, Alex, because we're talking about it.
  But a limited bullet went out last night to various law enforcement offices around the country where I'm just reading this, warning of potential Election Day and post-Election Day violence by, quote, We're good to go.
  The Azov Battalion is this neo-Nazi battalion assassination team that was trained up by the CIA in the years even before the first Donbass war, even before the current situation that's going on in Ukraine now.
  He is directly tied to them, went to Ukraine, received training, and then came back from Ukraine.
  I've released this report on him already, talking about the fact of the matter is...
  If Zelensky's up there talking ceasefire, if Donald Trump is up there looking like he's going to win in the polls, if J.D. Vance is up there with his command performance at the debate with Tim Walls, then you know who really stands to lose from a lot of this?
  The military-industrial complex, BlackRock, Monsanto, everybody who's trying to get in on Ukraine, the entire Ukraine operation stands in the balance of this.
  So you're talking potentially billions and trillions of dollars on the line.
  And the Azov Battalion and the foreign fighters with the blowback operations like Orion Wesley Routh would be the perfect patsies for this.
  So we've got this information, and I've got the book here in bulletproof, and we've got Ryan Wesley-Routh on the back of this because I said hold the presses.
  We've got to get, right there, Ryan Wesley-Routh.
  We were able to put him in the book because this information needs to get out.
And when you purchase the book, when you preorder it, which is available for right now, We're good to go. 
  We believe that the first one of those that we know about was Ryan Wesley Routh with his ties directly to Ukraine and to the foreign fighters.
  And what I'm hearing as well about Routh is that he's in there in his cell right now down in the Miami area.
  His trial date is set for November 14th.
  He's been talking about going on hunger strike, and he is completely just babbling and rambling to guards, to FBI agents, anyone who comes in.
  About Ukraine, talking about, oh, we need to fight for Ukraine, Ukraine needs to win.
  So this has been the button, Alex.
  We know that Ukraine has been the globalist trigger word for so many of these things.
  That is why they are spreading this out now, that as a battalion, more than likely has inspired or potentially even sent more Ryan Wesley Ralphs back to the United States.
  And this wouldn't be the first time we've seen these type of blowback operations.
  Now, of course, Deep State wants to tell us it's Iran, it's Iran, it's Iran.
  Lee Smith has the great report up there that you just showed how, essentially, these are not Iran.
  They're finding some Muslim teenagers or something, getting them to the United States, telling them, oh, you're going to come kill Trump, and then they arrest you because that's what they do.
  They entice you to come onto U.S. soil, by the way.
  There's something I knew when I was an intelligence officer, that what federal law enforcement does when they want to entrap you, if you're overseas, they then bring you somewhere that's U.S. soil and U.S. jurisdiction.
  So whether it's a U.S. territory like Guam or Puerto Rico, that would even count or get you onto U.S. soil, then boom, they can arrest you because that way they don't have to go through Interpol.
  They don't have to go through any of that chain of custody.
  You are already in U.S. jurisdiction.
  That's why they do these things.
  But they're doing it for a purpose, Alex, because look, and I'm just going to be very clear about this, and we talk about in the book, what if What if that bullet, and I just got back from the Butler rally there, the second Butler rally there this past weekend, what if that bullet had been one inch to the right?
  Well, if that bullet had been one inch to the right, we know that there would have been more than likely unrest all across the United States.
  And that unrest would then be put down by federal agents to a point where they would use that It would use the unrest in the wake of a Trump assassination to create a January 6-style crackdown across the entire country.
  Now it wouldn't matter if you were just a Trump supporter who had gone to the January 6 rally.
  Now it would be if you were a Trump supporter, if you had a MAGA hat, if you had a Trump flag, if you were a conservative, if you liked Turning Point USA, if you liked Human Events, if you liked Alex Jones, if you watched Infowars, etc.
  Now you're on a list.
  Now they're knocking at your door.
  Now they're potentially going to be confiscating your guns because, oh, You're someone who is involved with this domestic terrorist organization.
  Alex, that's exactly what they would have done.
  That's exactly what they would gear up for.
  And I do not put it past these people to potentially be looking at that in the cards as we go towards a Trump victory.
  So I know that he's doing all these events.
  JD Vance is doing all these events.
  I'm going to be at events with them in the next couple of days and weeks here.
  But we have to be steely-eyed when it comes to this.
  That both President Trump and J.D. Vance's lives are in danger.
  And then also to understand that the response to that, you would get this Hegelian synthesis.
  What they want is you to respond.
  They want you to respond because that will give them the enabling justification for a national crackdown and a complete criminalization on any support for Donald Trump.
  Now, Jack, let's just stop right here.
  There are, and it isn't about how we're smart, it's about people listening to us understand we've got the number of the bad guys.
  I've only heard you, myself, and Lee Stranahan in the last, hell, Stranahan for like seven years, he got sued over it for saying Ukrainian intelligence, cheap-nip money from the U.S. back into the United States, was behind the Charlottesville stuff, which actually later came out to be true.
  They dropped the suit. But that's how upset the State Department was.
  State Department-connected people came after me and him, just for him being on the show saying that.
  He was the first I heard say that back there in Charlottesville.
  I've heard you saying it for years.
  And we all said when they tried to kill Trump even before, look for U.S. forces, trained political operatives in Ukraine, then coming back to stage race attack, false flags, be blamed on right-wingers.
  You were one of the first to talk about January 6th and Ukrainian, actual foreign Ukrainians who'd been in the military.
  We're good to go.
  I'll even do one better because we've got information in Bulletproof in the book about how intelligence agency number one, how it was an intel agency that was directly behind the Garland, Texas shooting down in 2015, that it was the FBI right there, and number two, how they had Syrian foreign fighters They were training left wingers over in Syria with the YPG battalion over there,
  and then sending them back to the United States.
  And some of those guys were actually involved in CHAZ in Seattle, where I ran into them back in 2020.
  So for people to think that this is all just happening at random, that these armed groups and these armed trained fighters aren't involved in some sort of larger operations, you're not actually looking at history.
  So yes, CHAZ was directly tied To intelligence operations that were going on in Syria.
  And so people have to understand that these domestic operations have a direct link to what our national security agencies have done overseas.
  We're good to go.
  I think?
  And because of leaks and whistleblowers, this is getting derailed.
  That's why we're harping on this.
  Not to say, oh look, we're right.
  We're exposing the battle plan.
  Can you speak to that and what we all need to be doing 24 days out from the election and what you think the bad guy's next move is going to be?
  Well, Alex, look, you know, we're putting this book together and we're conducting this on-the-ground investigation.
  We call it the Bulletproof Project, not because we're trying to toot our own heart.
  I wish we were wrong about this stuff.
  I wish this stuff wasn't going on.
  I wish I didn't have to live in a world like this.
  But because we care about our country, we care about our future, and we care about the truth.
  We care about the truth of what's actually happening because if we can tell the truth and if we can be honest with ourselves and honest with each other and get the truth to the American people, then we can move forward from there.
  So yes, are we looking at situations where we know why was it?
  I mean, just you go back to the security failures and you have to ask the question, which we do in the book, were the security failures We're good to go.
  Intentional neglect. Intentional neglect to not allow for Secret Service agents to give him the full detail.
  Intentional neglect to not allow him to have the 27 minutes when they were chasing after this guy where they told him to go out on stage.
  They didn't tell him anything about it.
  They didn't tell his personal detail anything about it.
  And by the way, this type of stuff goes back to the times of Rome when the Praetorian Guard...
  Wanted to get up there.
  And if they didn't like the emperor, then guess who was going to take you out?
  The Praetorian Guards were going to take you out because they became the ones who were essentially running the government.
  And so when you look at the national security agencies and you have a guy who is running that, and Tucker talks about this all the time.
  You have a guy who's running that's explicitly saying that he is going to take away their budgets, that he's gonna shut down their black ops, which by the way, he did shut down the black ops operation Timber Sycamore that the Obama administration, Obama and Biden, had put together in Syria.
  When he's saying he's going to shut down all those things, and then those same agencies are the ones responsible for his security, you realize there's a massive conflict.
  This is a conflict of interest here.
  This is the massive problem that President Trump is facing, that what we're all facing.
  And so for people to look forward, look, my brother was at the Reading, Pennsylvania rally, Alex, after you and I did our event there.
  And when President Trump came through, my brother found a guy with a nine millimeter Glock in his waistband, all clad in black, white guy with blonde dreadlocks who was walking around.
  We're good to go.
  I think there's a very strong possibility.
  Oh, they're definitely going to try. So let me say this in closing.
  You've got to come back again soon for a full hour.
  Thank you. Go back, because you told me days before it broke, you said don't break it until Friday because the feds asked you not to, that all that information about the teams and the assassination plan and all the details, and then it all broke exactly as you told me, you're saying that your sources have told you that there is a Homeland Security memo that groups connected to,
  quote, Russia and Ukraine, and that whole conflict, are preparing to do something big in or around the election.
  Elaborate on that. That's big breaking news.
  So yeah, I'll just say it again.
  A very limited bulletin just went out to various federal law enforcement offices warning of potential Election Day and post-Election Day violence by, quote, those emotionally enthralled in the Russia-Ukraine conflict.
  And Ryan Wesley Routh, this guy who we know was clearly inspired by this conflict, obviously he's mentally unwell.
  He's the type of people who get targeted for these things.
  Now they're saying that I think?
  I think?
  We're good to go.
  And his entire ex-account is linked to CIA high-level people.
  And what did he say he wanted to do?
  He said he wanted to bring the Afghan fighters that were CIA-trained into Ukraine.
  He was up there being interviewed by all this media, and yet we're supposed to be told that this guy was just a lone wolf?
  No. It's a joke.
  It's ridiculous. And I'm telling you, there are networks that are being activated right now.
  You're absolutely right. Where's the best place for people to find Bulletproof?
  Yeah, Bulletproof, of course.
  You just go up on Amazon.
  You can get it there. People can pre-order it.
  There's going to be more editions of this as we get more reports, as we get more information out.
  I've got a couple of copies. It came out really well.
  And then order bulletproof.com.
  You want to sign copies? It's a blueprint for congressional investigations.
  Thank you, Jack. We'll talk to you soon.
  Thanks, Alex.
  This is crazy, but we're ahead of the curve.
  And how are we ahead of the curve?
  Because we're fearless. This is what we do.
  We research constantly.
  I can't stay on air without your help.
  Even though they shut down InfoWars in 32 days, I intend to stay on the air.
  But we need to have our sponsors ready to be able to fund the crew and the new studios and all of that.
  I'll leave it at that. So, fire in the bat signal.
  Plus, they're great products you need.
  TheAlexJonesStore.com. Go there.
  The ultimate Irish sea moss.
  The concentrate of the best iodine and the very best vitamins and minerals.
  It's incredible. It is the recognized superfood.
  And we have the highest quality, the lowest price.
  55% off when you get three bottles.
  Almost 50% off when you get two bottles.
  40% off when you get one bottle.
  It's selling out, but more comes in in about two weeks.
  Get it now at TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  We need your support. Get t-shirts, get hoodies, get ball caps.
  It's all there. Help us in the fight and get great products at the same time.
  Take action now. TheAlexJonesStore.com and get Next Level Financial Energy.
  Proprietary product that's incredible at DrJonesNaturals.com DrJonesNaturals.com and TheAlexJonesStore.com We'll be back with our number two.
  I'm your host, Alex Jones.
  Please spread the word now, Paul Revere.
  This is something that's next level and something I'm going to be talking a lot about and I only bring you things that are game-changing.
  But of everything we've ever put out This is the game changer.
  If you think X2 and X3, Deep Earth, Crystal, I and I are game changing, they are.
  Nobody ever put this out until I started 12 years ago.
  If you get a DEA license from Deep Earth Crystals on the ground, it goes right into your bloodstream.
  It does amazing things. The only thing you could say might be as good or maybe even better is sea moss and that's why it's been all the rage the last few years because it has no mercury in it unlike fish but it's bioavailable because it's in the special type of sea moss and it delivers all these super nutrients and the ring structures of how the nutrients are together bound with the iodine and other things does incredible things in the body.
  So if you want energy, libido, stamina, immune system, your skin to look beautiful, if you think the iodine was great, this is next level.
  It's the ultimate CMOS gummies.
  It's a concentrate. It's super strong.
  It will blow you away.
  It'll take a week or so for the effects for you to start seeing, and I've got to take it for a month.
  It's incredible. I've been taking these for over a month.
  It's one of the reasons that I'm so much healthier and look so much better.
  And now it's available to you exclusively at thealexjonesstore.com.
  There's a lot of CMOS out there and a lot of us great.
  This is the highest quality you're going to get and it supports the broadcast.
  That's why you should get it from us, thealexjonesstore.com.
  We're good to go.
  Rich in nutrients that are in a just super organic, bioavailable form.
  It all goes together.
  It's next level. Sea moss is packed with vitamins and minerals like iodine, iron, magnesium, potassium, vitamins A, C, and K. These nutrients support overall health, including immune function and energy levels.
  So you need to get it.
  It's next level. Ultimate Sea Moss, the latest supplement.
  With bladder, rack, and burdock root.
  And it is just the ultimate formula.
  Nobody has got something at this quality.
  This is the best from the top manufacturer that lets us private label it.
  There's only one other place to get it.
  There's hundreds of brands of this.
  This is the best. This is the best.
  At thealexjonesstore.com. It'll blow you away and it keeps us on air one way or another.
  Go down to thealexjonesstore.com.
  There's some new t-shirts there as well.
  Be sure to check those out at thealexjonesstore.com.
  At thealicejonesstore.com, we don't just sell products and t-shirts.
  We empower patriots to stay strong in the fight for freedom.
  Our best-selling items like Ultimate CMOS and our amazing fundraiser t-shirts help keep Americans fighting for freedom outwardly and inwardly as they support the InfoWars broadcast and the Alex Jones broadcast as well.
  Conspiracies are no longer conspiracies.
  They're truths. We love the shirts.
  And not only that, I just wish more people would get wise.
  And let Donald Trump, baby!
  That's right. That's who I'm voting for.
  And I'm Hispanic! We hear stories like this every day.
  Real Americans just like you reclaiming their freedom with our cutting-edge supplements and t-shirts available right now at thealicejonesstore.com.
  Everyone? I wanted to recommend the AJ Store.
  This is my first time buying.
  Obviously, it won't be my last.
  I'm going after the Alex Jones was right.
  That will be my next purchase.
  And the gummies.
  I really want those gummies.
  At TheAlexJonesStore.com, we stand behind every product with rigorous testing in unparalleled quality.
  But don't just take our word for it.
  See what thousands of satisfied customers are saying and experience the benefits for yourself.
  I stand for Alex Jones, the AJ Store, and all of us patriots.
  And God bless my new shirt, and God bless you all.
  America will rise again.
  Head to thealicejonesstore.com today.
  Read the reviews and join the movement of informed, empowered patriots taking their health and style into their own hands.
  Don't wait. Stock up now because your freedom and future depend on it.
  Visit thealicejonesstore.com right now.
  We're not winning. I want to thank you all for your support.
  You are the Paul Revere's.
  We are live, hour number two, Friday, October 11th, 2024.
  Well, the air is electric with suspense.
  24 days to, hands down, the most important election in world history.
  The whole planet watching, and all the numbers are coming in from the betting research groups and the scientific polls.
  Trump 14, 15 points ahead in Pennsylvania, surging everywhere else.
  No one can really even find anybody that's voting for her.
  Total insanity. And Robert Barnes, great constitutional lawyer, good friend of mine, has also worked a lot with the Trump campaign, can give us his inside baseball on what's happening.
  But here's the headlines from Newsweek.
  Kamala Harris losing ground in must-win states.
  Election 2024 swing states going for Trump.
  It goes on and on.
  And then we've got what we said was going on first.
  Mayorkas and Homeland Security and the CIA and the FBI protecting Trump.
  Afghans, they're bringing in to try to kill Trump.
  And then, of course, you've got FBI being caught creating and a Pakistani man thought he was going to kill Trump for Iran, but was really working for the FBI. Then the new DOD big memo out that's leaked that they confirm is real,
  preparing for civil war and FEMA preparing for it and preparing to kill Americans, lethal force.
  Now, I'm seeing on one hand them gearing up for civil war conditions and Jamie Raskin and the Democrats stomp Trump like a bug and Melania, the Democrats say, really wants Trump taken out.
  I mean, bizarre statements. But then on the other hand, I see them talking about peace with Trump.
  Ukraine and having to give Russia some of the territory and that NATO started it.
  And I see Biden coming out and criticizing Kamala and saying no, Kamala didn't talk to DeSantis.
  And so clearly he's criticizing her a lot.
  Is that personal or is that the deep state getting ready to realize they can't stop Trump and a third assassination attempt will blow up in their face as they're going to be blamed?
  Oh, they love crises. They'll stage them.
  They'll create them. But not if they know they're going to get the blame.
  So are they starting to retract some of their destabilization plans, or are they at least engaging the retraction gears in case they do decide to retract?
  I think that's really one of the central questions.
  So, Robert Barnes, I just threw a lot out there.
  What sector of that do you want to tackle first?
  Well I think one of the biggest stories of the election that is still not being told by the mainstream media that you can find in a wide range of polling data the latest of which is the Pew Research Foundation and you compare and contrast their 2020 polls But what's notable is what has happened.
  There is a massive realignment occurring in America, and it's been occurring for the last eight years, but it's really peaked in the last 12 months.
  And it's the new emerging majority that the Democratic Party predicted for a long time.
  And that it's biracial, that it's working class, that it's heavily driven by Hispanic and black voters.
  But the color, their favorite color is not Democratic blue, it's Trumpy and orange.
  And what's happening, you're seeing, if you are an independent voter who is black or Hispanic, millennial or Zoomer, in terms of age or generation, and you're working class, You have shifted your political preference from Biden to Trump by margins of 30,
  40, and 50 points.
  And this is the Democratic and media favorite pollsters reporting this.
  This is what's underneath the hood.
  So we're seeing a revolutionary realignment.
  The main group that Robert Kennedy was appealing to weren't old boomers reminiscent of the Kennedy name.
  It was young minority working class voters who listened to podcasters like Joe Rogan.
  And so the Kennedy aligning with Trump was the last key needed to unlock that voter group to come into the Trump circle.
  And that's why Kamala Harris is running around trying to do, you know, call me daddy, trying to do Howard Stern.
  Howard Stern hasn't been liked by these groups in a decade.
  The guy is an old loser.
  His biggest groups that follow him are boomer perverts.
  The idea that's the group they need to appeal to shows you how completely out of touch they are.
  You have these sort of institutional elites in Washington and New York who think That the world is run by people like themselves and think that's who the decisive voter group is.
  So you think, oh, we need to reach podcasters.
  Okay, let's go on a feminist show that encourages young women to degrade themselves.
  Let's go on another show.
  Hey, hold on, hold on. You're on to something.
  I'm seeing a lot of Democrats and also liberals in Europe showing a, quote, powerful woman making another woman kneel to her sexually, like with the image of the woman making the other girl drink milk, which obviously is the metaphor for semen.
  And then you've got Whitmer, you know, feeding a girl who gyrates sexually on her knees to her.
  I mean, they think this is appealing to somebody?
  What the hell is this? Is this some type of weird Hopi ghost dance the Democrats are doing?
  Well, I mean, it becomes like, for example, somebody was out here that's an independent media reporter talking to folks in Vegas, and he was shocked that he was getting from working-class blacks and Hispanics a lot of blowback.
  And one of the comments was from a young black woman, and she's like, why do they keep talking about abortion?
  I can't feed my kids.
  But worry about that problem.
  So that's what, they're focused on economy, on immigration, on war.
  Every CNN focus group they do, and they're getting real people on the street, all the black people are for Trump.
  It is the biggest political realignment of black and Hispanic voters in the history of the country, from black voters since the Civil Rights Revolution of 1964, and it's the biggest shift amongst Hispanic voters ever, and it's overwhelmingly young voters and men.
  It's more men, but it includes women.
  I mean, Hispanic women under the age of 50 have shifted in their margin of support from Biden to Trump by 25 points, according to the media's own poll.
  That's right. They're now, what, above 30, right?
  Oh, it's extraordinary.
  I mean, you're going to see numbers.
  He may be even with Hispanics in some states.
  I mean, Texas, they had banked everything on winning Mexican-American voters.
  That's gone. Florida, they banked everything on winning over Cubans and Venezuelans and Puerto Ricans.
  That's gone. And in Nevada, the reason why they're in much bigger trouble, it's why the Culinary Union came out and said, mostly Hispanic, mostly working class, mostly in the Las Vegas casinos, said if the election was held tomorrow here in Nevada, Paris would lose.
  So what Trump has done is what Steve Bannon and what you have talked about going back a decade ago, build a biracial working class majority for a real populist reformist revolution to take place.
  Well, Trump has pulled it off.
  It's going to happen. It's going to happen in this election.
  And it's going to shock people, Democrats, all the way down ballot.
  Because you're starting to see that shift for the House.
  You're starting to see that shift for the Senate.
  You're going to have people like Carrie Lake, who completely dominated and eviscerated Gallego, the son of who is pretending he identified with Hispanics when he's been an open border champion for years, when his own father was a major drug dealer and connected to the Mexican drug cartels.
  So that's who Gallego was.
  He's trying to weasel his way into the Senate based on a bogus media campaign.
  Kerry, and now a lot of his dirt is going to get exposed because the Arizona Court of Appeals decided not to keep sealed in secret his divorce file, which shows all the sleazy activities the guy's been up to for years that the media's been trying to keep a lid on.
  So let me ask you this. Bottom line, 24 days the election...
  It's not just a political alignment here.
  It's all over the world. I mean, everywhere, the populists are winning.
  The anti-globalists are winning.
  And if you look at the leaders in Italy and in Austria, and we've got one of the main leaders surging, his party joining us in the next hour, a senator from Australia.
  They sound like Elon Musk.
  They sound like Alex Jones.
  And just two years ago, Elon Musk didn't sound like Alex Jones.
  And I'm not trying to make it about me, but that's what everybody points out.
  The press attacks the main conservative leader in Canada, saying he sounds just like Alex Jones.
  Are they attacking Elon Musk?
  And it's not just that they're just listening to me, which they are.
  My worldview, my analysis of it, is off the globalist own admissions.
  So once people understand, wow, they really are out to get us.
  They really do want to make us poor.
  They really do want to make us eat bugs.
  It's game over. And with this explosive awakening, educational growth curve, I don't see what the New World Order does at this point.
  Yeah.
  And then they do things like Howard Stern?
  I mean, imagine thinking Howard Stern is the way to reach young, working-class, populist voters.
  They haven't listened to Howard Stern in a decade.
  That guy was hiding in his basement, whining and crying about COVID and wanting everybody to be forced to be vaccinated.
  By the way, we did a poll, 1776 Law Center, shared with the Trump campaign a few months ago, shared with a bunch of other people in Washington.
  And what it showed was the decisive voter group were working class minorities and millennials.
  And what do they care about? They care about four of the top topics you've been talking about for a decade.
  We're good to go.
  These were Hispanic voters, black voters, younger voters.
  They knew when their friend died on the football field at 19 that it wasn't some random disease.
  It was likely that vaccine shot they took three weeks before.
  So these people really care about medical freedom.
  They were disproportionately the people laid off, like a lot of the people I represent, suing Madison Square Garden and others.
  Laid off from jobs they'd had for over a decade.
  Laid off from places like Tyson Foods.
  Many of them African American.
  Many of them Hispanic. They disproportionately care about issues of political freedom.
  They wanna be able to speak out without losing their job.
  They wanna be able to speak out.
  They wanna make sure that their kid isn't being taught some woke crap and being told that they're a boy or a girl when they're actually a girl or a boy by their so-called teacher.
  So there's been a political populist revolution that you're right.
  It's seismic and global in shape.
  If you had been watching Alex Jones 15 years ago, you could have seen it now.
  But the establishment hasn't been.
  And they're still in denial.
  You can watch their YouTube shows or follow their social media accounts.
  They're still convincing themselves that, hey, if Kamala Harris just talks to one more group of voters in a scripted interview on a podcast that they like, but not a podcast that the key voter groups like...
  And let's talk about that because I want to go back.
  She did three interviews the first three months after they installed her and removed Biden, which they later had to admit that he had a medical emergency and they put out a fake statement that Pelosi admits wasn't his.
  So she's even tried to cover her ass there.
  And then it backfired.
  So suddenly a week ago, She starts with 60 Minutes and then does all these canned things she thinks are great, and then every one of those backfires.
  Why do you think 60 Minutes called out the elephant in the room and say, it's undemocratic, you were installed, you weren't voted for, and then it even happened on Univision last night.
  That's why I'm seeing even the establishment, there's different camps obviously, is suddenly the last few weeks looks like they're Do you agree with that?
  A and B, what is that? Well, I think you have a smarter side, what you could call the Kissinger side of the establishment, the deep state, the political apparatus.
  These are the people leaking to Mark Halperin that their internal polls, Democratic polls, show that Harris is losing and likely can't come back, that the election is going to look like it did before they replaced Biden with Harris to begin with.
  Which, by the way, I wonder what you think.
  The more stuff comes out about the way things happen with Vegas and here in Vegas with Biden, makes me wonder whether they didn't try to actually take him out.
  And they got the message to him, so he realized if he didn't step down, they were going to take him out.
  And that's the reason why he stepped down.
  Yeah, he disappeared for eight days and looked like he'd been run over by a truck when he finally showed up on the tarmac leaving Delaware.
  And they said, why'd you resign?
  And he just laughed and said, I didn't.
  And then now he's been wearing Trump hats.
  That's an old other question.
  Clearly now he's sniping at Kamala.
  What's behind that? Well, yo, you know Joe Biden.
  I mean, he's a bitter, egotistical guy.
  He was never going to take getting pushed out this way, laying down.
  That's why he's not going to do a peace deal in the Mideast because he doesn't want Harris to benefit from it.
  He's not going to do a peace deal in Ukraine, even though large parts of the deep state want to get something done now before Trump wins and makes it less favorable for the deep state in Ukraine.
  I mean, Trump could unravel that entire cesspool It's a demonic wild,
  wild west for the deep state.
  Exactly. And so they're, I'm sure, nervous.
  They don't want Trump digging into all that.
  Best way for that not to happen is to get a peace deal done before Trump's in power.
  So that's why they're trying to get it done now.
  Absolutely. They know what's coming with Trump.
  Trump made it clear to Zelensky in New York that's what's happening once he's elected.
  So they don't want any of that.
  I mean, remember the last time he wanted to peek a little bit under the hood, they impeached him for it.
  By saying, hey, we would like to get into what exactly was going on with some of these apparatus.
  And what was Hunter Biden up to?
  He was facilitating illicit bioweapons research in eastern Ukraine on the Russian population, the kind of research that would show up in Wuhan that would be used against all of us with COVID. So, I mean, because this reaches multiple levels, it's not just Ukraine,
  not just the deep state, not just the CIA, not just the Defense Department, not just Fauci, but it gets us back into COVID and what really caused COVID. And Trump recognizes increasingly that was a coup against his presidency.
  But for COVID, Trump is re-elected in 2020.
  So that's why they're in full panic mode.
  So do they try to assassinate him again?
  You know, I hope not.
  That's the question. I mean, I think that's on the open thing is, one, could they get away with it if they did?
  I don't think so. And I think they now, they had two test runs.
  They failed both.
  And the blowback was intense and substantial across the country.
  Attempting to label them a rapist didn't work.
  Attempting to bankrupt them didn't work.
  New York Court of Appeals is going to overturn that, by the way.
  They're going to throw out the entire verdict.
  And they're talking about sanctions.
  Tell us about that. What happened is, because the power was so egregious, the misuse and abuse of it, even the liberal democratic courts of New York recognized that they had to reverse it, and that they're probably going to have to discipline the prosecutor's office in some way.
  Because they see hundreds of billions already left over it.
  Exactly. New York is one of the biggest foreign investment places in the world, and that could disappear overnight.
  And if it did in an economy, it's already lost its manufacturing base over the last half century.
  It could collapse economically.
  New York City could look like the 1970s again.
  It could be like the movie Escape from New York all over again.
  And they need to avoid that.
  The judges realize that.
  That's where their bread is ultimately buttered.
  You don't have to watch TV shows like Billions to figure that out.
  And that's why they're going to have to push back.
  And the only question is, do they do it before Election Day or not?
  That they still want to hurt Trump, so maybe they hold the opinion until after Election Day.
  But they're going to start disciplining these wayward Democratic prosecutors who went too far.
  You're going to see the same thing in the Georgia Court of Appeals.
  The Georgia Court of Appeals is likely to effectively order the dismissal of that entire state criminal case because of that prosecutor going way too far.
  And then Jack Smith's in serious trouble.
  I mean, the D.C. judge, who's the daughter of the foreign communists from Jamaica, who's somehow a judge in the United States, who's trying to rush that proceeding so that they can get out as much dirt about Trump as they can before Election Day.
  But Jack Smith's in serious trouble.
  I mean, he better run to The Hague as soon as Election Day occurs because everything he's been doing is illegal and unconstitutional as a federal judge in Florida already said.
  That's right. And for those that don't know, Jack Smith is a former top UN prosecutor.
  That's why, for people that don't know, that's why he said run back to The Hague, the world court headquarters.
  So, how would you quantify this?
  Trump has already won.
  He's going to win by a landslide, as the head pollster at Rasmussen said here two weeks ago.
  He called it. He said Trump won by a landslide in 2016, so the fraud didn't work.
  That's a top pollster saying, no, there's fraud.
  He didn't win by a landslide in 2020, so they were able to steal it.
  But he's going to win an even bigger landslide.
  And I even saw the Trump spokespersons, including Laura Trump, on Fox saying basically that this will be a bigger landslide than 2016.
  And I'm not trying to make people not vote.
  I'm trying not to tell you it's in the bag because the fraud is going to be substantive.
  But I'm seeing signs of the establishment Of course, firstly, assassination attempts, that they know that.
  How do we lose this?
  What are the pitfalls? Let's not get too confident here, but I think you agree with me that Trump with 24 days is going to win, barring what, Barnes?
  Well, I think he's doing everything very well.
  So just stay on message.
  Now, a lot of Republican House and Senate candidates that are on the popular side need to hone down their message.
  They need to be a Trumpian candidate.
  They've been inconsistent with that.
  Carrie Lake has been good, but Sam Brown in Nevada, some others in other states, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, I think all these states are going to shock people and are going to sweep Republicans.
  Trump's going to have a huge House majority, huge Senate majority, counter to what everybody thinks out there.
  Right now, the Democratic Party establishment thinks Well, we don't have to worry about Trump because we can check him with the Democratic House and the Senate will be closely contested.
  And there's always a few Republican rhinos we can buy off in the Senate.
  And so I think that's for Trump.
  His biggest thing is how do I make sure I have support at the House level and the Senate level so I don't have to worry about them sabotaging my presidency like happened in the first term.
  That's why he's in Colorado today.
  There's competitive House seats there.
  That's why he's going to be in Colorado this weekend.
  There's competitive big California House seats.
  What about Nebraska? I know they're trying to flip a Senate seat there, the Democrats.
  Yeah, Trump is looking at going to Nebraska to boost that candidate.
  I think, in fact, that Republican candidate would do much better than expected.
  He's out boosting Cary Lake in Arizona already.
  I expect more of that and to see more of that in the Midwest as well as the Southwest.
  And it's also the reason why he's doing a big event in Madison Square Garden.
  There's a bunch of key house seats in New York up for grabs.
  I was about to say, are any deep blue states like New Jersey in play like I've been seeing?
  Well, definitely at a down-ballot level.
  So in other words, if Trump can just shrink the margin, if he can get New York down to maybe even single digits, New Jersey into low single digits, he doesn't need to win those states.
  But what will happen is that will carry across Republican candidates for the House that are more populous and allow him to have more leeway in his second term.
  And in the same way, it could also pull surprises in the Senate.
  You could pull a surprise out of New Jersey, for example.
  Where, you know, the media is trying to keep a lid on the corrupt senator who had to resign because he was, you know, of all the different crimes he was busy committing while he was a senator from New Jersey, openly and flagrantly.
  But, you know, you could have a surprise out of those states.
  You could have a surprise out of Maine.
  You know, Trump could steal Maine.
  Trump could steal New Hampshire. Trump could steal Minnesota.
  Walsh might lose his own state after being put on as the VP there.
  Because rural Minnesota, working class Minnesota, the Iron Range of Minnesota, has never been happy with Walsh.
  He actually underperformed.
  That's right. It's well known. He barely won and it was all chalked up to Islamic voting blocs.
  Absolutely. It was a massive margin he got out of Minneapolis.
  And the problem they have is on the Democratic side, they got problems in Minneapolis with the Somali vote.
  They got problems with the Arab vote in Dearborn.
  And now for the first time in like forever, they're bleeding Jewish votes out of places like New York, New Jersey and Michigan.
  Because Jewish voters are realizing the Democratic Party is actually flirting with the Hamas wing of the political agenda.
  Whereas Arab voters are like, we can't trust them to actually look out for the interest of Arab or Muslim voters.
  So they're caught in a catch-22 on the Democratic Party side, and they're going to believe votes out of both sides.
  You know, the Muslims in Michigan, a bunch of town mayors have gone Republican because they know Trump's anti-war, and they don't like the pedophile transgender crap.
  Who does? Oh,
  exactly. You're always on fire, but you're on fire, fire, fire today.
  Let's come back and talk more about this and the civil unrest plan the Democrats have got up their sleeve.
  We'll be right back. You don't want to miss any of this.
  You're not going to get analysis this good anywhere else.
  Stay with us. As you know, I am fighting the deep state to keep my broadcast on air.
  But if you simply support my sponsors, we will stay on the air one way or another.
  So I thank you for your past support.
  But I try to make it easy for you to support our sponsors by bringing you the very best products.
  This product, Optimal Human, is simply game-changing.
  Now, as you know, green superfoods for decades have been all the rage because they really work and because you absorb things better in the gut.
  And there's a lot of great ones out there.
  But ladies and gentlemen, Optimal Human has the highest quality ingredients, 90 plus ingredients.
  It does amazing things.
  I've been taking it for months, and I want you to get it.
  And understand this, its leading competitor is amazing.
  And I've been using it and love it.
  But this has the same ingredients and even more, and it's stronger, and it's the same serving amount, but for a lower price.
  So the leading competitor, everybody knows their name.
  It starts with A and ends with G. This is amazing.
  Go to thealexjonesstore.com and get Opal Human.
  At thealicejonesstore.com, we don't just sell products and t-shirts.
  We empower patriots to stay strong in the fight for freedom.
  Our best-selling items like Ultimate CMOS and our amazing fundraiser t-shirts help keep Americans fighting for freedom outwardly and inwardly as they support the InfoWars broadcast and the Alex Jones broadcast as well.
  Conspiracies are no longer conspiracies.
  They're truth. We love the shirts.
  And not only that, I just wish more people would get wise.
  And let Donald Trump, baby!
  That's right. That's who I'm voting for.
  And I'm Hispanic! We hear stories like this every day.
  Real Americans just like you reclaiming their freedom with our cutting-edge supplements and t-shirts available right now at thealicejonesstore.com.
  If you want I wanted to recommend the AJ Store.
  This is my first time buying.
  Obviously, it won't be my last.
  I'm going after the Alex Jones Was Right.
  That will be my next purchase.
  And the gummies.
  I really want those gummies.
  At thealexjonesstore.com, we stand behind every product with rigorous testing in unparalleled quality.
  But don't just take our word for it.
  See what thousands of satisfied customers are saying and experience the benefits for yourself.
  I stand for Alex Jones, the AJ Store, and all of us patriots.
  And God bless my new shirt.
  And God bless you all.
  America will rise again.
  Head to thealicejonesstore.com today.
  Read the reviews and join the movement of informed, empowered patriots taking their health and style into their own hands.
  Don't wait. Stock up now because your freedom and future depend on it.
  Visit thealicejonesstore.com right now.
  We're winning. We're winning.
  Now, I'm not Hunter S. Thompson, so I don't really do gonzo journalism.
  It was always about him, which is fine.
  I love his books. He was a listener.
  But the point is, I am in the middle of all this, and understanding what's happening to me is what they're trying to do to you.
  So before Barnes leaves, and boy, he is always on fire, but he's really nailing it today beyond anything I've ever seen.
  It's just amazing. We've got to get on more often.
  You have to understand, ladies and gentlemen, that I can't do this without you, and I've had the entire deep state after me.
  And so the place to support and keep us on air one way or another, because in 31 days is the sale of InfoWars.
  There's a good chance we're not going to get it.
  I've got to then come back on air, a whole new operation.
  I'm going to try to get all the crew hired by new folks, regardless of people who aren't able to buy InfoWars.
  It takes money to do that.
  So we bring you great products at the same time.
  Go to our big sponsor.
  That's the main place to support right now.
  The AlexJonesStore.com and get the Optimal Human.
  It's some of the very best super green food out there.
  There are 90 ingredients like the CoQ10 and just all of it.
  It's amazing. You get great absorption.
  It's better than the top brand out there.
  It's less than the top brand.
  It's amazing. Optimal Human in stock, ready to ship.
  The AlexJonesStore.com.
  Also, It is the ultimate, that's what we call it, ultimate sea moss.
  Irish sea moss has the highest level of the very best type of iodine with a whole bunch of concentrated minerals and vitamins.
  And if you read on the back, it's 20 to 1 per gram.
  So this is, these are concentrated gummies that give you everything you need in one serving, which is two gummies a day.
  There's a month of servings there.
  Great for children, great for adults, great for old people.
  You want to get Ultimate Seamoss, and they taste great.
  If you want an even bigger effect, because your gut doesn't absorb as good as your mouth with the blood vessels, put it under your tongue while you're driving or, you know, whatever, or while you're watching TV, and you absorb even more.
  Get Ultimate Seamoss exclusively at thealexjonesstore.com while you're there.
  Get the t-shirts. Get the ball caps.
  Get the hoodies. I am fighting two appeals of the fake judgments rig courts.
  I'm fighting two state actions and two federal actions.
  And I'm fighting for my name.
  And so that in the sale, if bad guys get it, which they've now admitted in the news, I said they would do this, they are going to own the catalog and try to erase me off the I'm fighting five actions right now,
  and even though my lawyers are great, and even though they're giving me good deals, just the filing cost and the research cost They're going to be the family rate, and it's going to cost a million bucks for the next six months.
  Our enemies have spent 70...
  In fact, let's just do this now. We'll get back to the campaign, the news, the globalist plan to cause a civil war.
  Barnes is worried about that, that we see some evidence of them retracting.
  We'll get to that in a moment. But nobody, because I've known him a long time, and he also advised me and worked some on the cases, that a 35,000-foot view boils it down better than him.
  So we'll go to him in a moment. Just to give you an idea of how important this precedent-setting fight is and how existential and urgent it is.
  So I want to thank those that have taken action.
  I want to encourage those that haven't.
  Go to the AlexJonesStore.com because it's separate from InfoWars and it will continue on regardless.
  So will my dad's supplement company, drjonesnaturals.com, with incredible products like Next level, financial energy.
  That's not a stimulant, but feels like one with no letdown because it is methylfolate, the breakdown of folic acid with other key compounds that your cells operate on.
  If you don't have a genetic issue like most Europeans do of not having full mitochondrial absorption of folic acid, I have three of my four genes broken on it.
  Then it'll just give you some great energy.
  If you have the genetic issue that most Europeans have partially, Northern Europeans have really bad, be careful.
  Don't take two pills. Take a half of one, okay?
  I mean, you're going to go, what the hell am I on?
  You want next-level foundational energy at drjonesnackles.com.
  But if you really want to support us, most of the T-shirts are $20, $25, $30, and they're designer.
  They're great. The $50 Classic InfoWars, red on navy blue, is $50 so we get more money for the defense, for the operation, for the new systems that are there.
  I'll just leave it at that. They just don't have the funds now for the crew to run it.
  But it's there.
  Major investments by great people.
  I'm going to leave it at that. I've been very busy.
  More busy than a one-legged man in an ass-kicking contest.
  Because I won't give up. You know that.
  But I can't do it without you.
  Take action now. TheOlicShownStore.com.
  DRJonesNaggles.com. Here's a one-minute breakdown of the shirt.
  If you want to back us, everybody listening, go to TheOlicShownStore.com and at least get the classic InfoWars shirt.
  Get it now. Because when we shut down, this is history.
  If we don't shut down, you helped us win.
  Here it is. The Save Alex Jones broadcast limited edition fundraiser t-shirt is available at thealexjonesstore.com.
  This exclusive limited edition t-shirt is your chance to stand with Alex Jones and support the ongoing fight for free speech.
  Featuring the bold red InfoWars logo prominently displayed on the front, this shirt is more than just a piece of apparel.
  It's a statement of solidarity.
  Crafted from high-quality materials, the shirt also features the Infowars.com website and an American flag on the sleeve, symbolizing the fight to keep independent voices on the air.
  Every purchase of this t-shirt goes directly to ensuring that no matter what obstacles arise, Alex Jones will continue to broadcast the truth.
  Wearing this shirt means you're part of the mission to protect free speech and keep Alex Jones broadcasting.
  Get yours now before this limited edition sells out and wear it proudly as a defender of the truth.
  Visit dalexjonesstore.com right now and get the Save Alex Jones Broadcast limited edition fundraiser t-shirt now.
  Get yours now. Well, Robert Barnes is our guest.
  We love him. You can check him out at Viva Barnes Law.
  Just type that into X or anywhere.
  We'll put his URL on screen.
  Barnes, spend a few minutes because you do such a good job.
  And I want to get back into the big picture here with you.
  And I said during the break, what do you want to cover?
  And that's where I was going to go next is they're definitely prepping civil war, race conflict.
  It's not going to work, but exposing it's key.
  We've also busted the FBI trying to create assassin groups in Trump.
  I know you follow it.
  This is epic level stuff.
  There's no question. I mean, the lawfare from day one was designed for a bifurcated purpose.
  Primary and principal purpose was to suppress and censor Alex Jones, to memory hole Alex Jones, not only from ongoing availability to give people insight and information, but, and to be an advocate and to help organize advocacy.
  And to teach people the tools of self-education along the way by showing them how you get these sources, how you can understand these sources, how you can interpret and explain and predict from those sources, but also to use it as a template against everybody else, to use it as a template to suppress and censor any dissident they don't like,
  and to use the old communist methodology of just memory-holing them, like this is what Orwell famously forecast in 1948.
  In his text, 1984.
  And that's what they did here.
  So they chose to completely eviscerate the First Amendment by bringing claims on behalf of people who have sympathetic traumas and tragedies, but traumas and tragedies that have nothing at all to do with Alex Jones or InfoWars.
  To monetize them to such a degree where their purpose wasn't any kind of monetary recovery for actual injury.
  Indeed, a lead plaintiff from the Connecticut case was an FBI officer who had no family connected to Sandy Hook.
  And to use fixed cases to run show trials, literally show trials, with being filmed by Hollywood film crews right there in the courtroom, including right on the jury, and to script it so that only certain things could be in the script and other things couldn't.
  They had to eviscerate discovery rules, due process rules.
  Pleading rules, appeal rules, rules of evidence, and instead say, here's what you can't talk about, here's what you can't.
  You can't even deny the charges.
  You're not allowed to contest certain things.
  The jury's going to be fixed in a certain way.
  They're going to be misinstructed on the law.
  They're not going to be allowed to see the real evidence.
  We'll create a fake documentary and pretend it was a real trial.
  And I was already found guilty, and here's the key, and I'm going to go over it.
  They've said they don't want money on the courthouse steps and the filings.
  We offered them $70 million that I probably couldn't even get over 10 years.
  And they finally said, screw you, no amount's good.
  And even outside of the last one, eight months ago, in Fort Worth in a federal courthouse, with an actual federal judge that mediation, they then were dumb enough outside of it to then repeat again, we have a list of things we want you to do, starting with not defending the Second Amendment,
  and we'll drop all this. I mean, that is sensational right there.
  Sorry, go ahead. Absolutely.
  All of this was always about, it was not about what they said it was about.
  What it was always about was censorship, suppression, So, for example, that's why their obsession was to control your speech, to control what you said.
  And now, of course, they're seeking the extraordinary power of state or federal courts, depending on the day, to seize and own your name, your identity, your archive of materials.
  And not only can that not be done constitutionally, but for everybody out there, if you have any of Alex Jones' videos over the years, as Alex has made clear long before this case even existed, He doesn't claim any trademark.
  He doesn't claim any copyright over any of the videos and materials he's made, over any of the interviews he's done, over any of the shows that he's broadcast.
  You are free to have those and distribute those and keep those and download those as you want because their next goal will be to try to claim trademark and copyright belatedly.
  Whoever comes in and tries to buy up in force, if it's a bad faith actor who gets it, So that they can memory hole Alex Jones.
  It's to own Alex Jones so that they own his social media account, they own his voice, they own his presentation, and they can dictate what gets said and what doesn't get said on a go-forward basis, but it will also be to memory hole the existence of Infowars, the existence of Alex Jones.
  So that 20 years from now, people are like, was there somebody?
  Maybe I just remember that from something weird.
  Wasn't there somebody? No, no, that guy never existed, really.
  So that's the goal.
  I mean, look at how they memory-hold what really took place in coverage of the Sandy Hook.
  I mean, 99% of what Infowars said Everybody thinks of me and not Adam Lanza.
  Completely. Exactly.
  I mean, that's why they said, you can't present a defense.
  You can't present an argument.
  You couldn't even answer questions asked by your lawyers if the judge didn't like where the answers were going to go.
  I mean, it was the complete mockery.
  It was made to look like there was an adversarial process without any actual And that was already defaulted.
  It was a trial on damages.
  I was already guilty. So guilty until proven how guilty.
  You're normally innocent until proven guilty.
  And then under tyranny, guilty until proven innocent.
  Now it's guilty until proven how guilty.
  Yeah, the Alex Jones trials were a crisscross between the Star Chamber and idiocracy.
  I mean, that's what you basically got to see in live terms.
  And it was designed to create a show trial.
  That's what the word show trial originated.
  A trial that looks like a trial, has the hallmarks of a trial, but isn't in fact a trial.
  Because the mechanisms and means to ascertain truth through the adversarial process were denied and deprived one of the parties.
  That's what the whole show thing was about.
  And now what they're about is they're not trying to seize money for the purposes of recovery, for the purposes of helping their plaintiffs, like they said, like they told the jury, like they told the court, like they told the court of public opinion.
  They're instead obsessed with seizing assets to control speech, which will lead to less money in the pockets of their plaintiffs, less recovery, less remedy, because their goal has never been to help out their actual clients.
  Their goal has been to suppress and censor speech as they have admitted multiple times in multiple contexts and multiple forms.
  And there's no better proof of that than the steps they have taken in the bankruptcy court and the steps they have taken to seek a state receivership whose principal and primary goal is to own Alex Jones.
  And what they also want to do is they want to use this case as precedent that they can weaponize the legal system and the judicial process to not only punish dissident speech and raising questions about major events, And challenging institutional and official narratives, which now they want to label illegal to the cost of billions or even trillions of dollars.
  But they want to go even further and say they can use the court system to own us as chattel.
  They're trying to recreate the equivalent of legalized slavery in America.
  When you're saying that you have the right to own a person's public image, own a person's public speech, own a person's public representations, don't you own the person?
  Isn't the person then thereby chattel?
  So it's a form of chattel slavery all over again, and they want to use the receivership process and the bankruptcy process to create this perilous precedent that would endanger all of us.
  And they admit that.
  I mean, we've got Hillary and the Democrats and John Kerry saying, ban the First Amendment, take everything from everyone that we don't like.
  That's the social credit score.
  Here it is. Exactly.
  And this is how it's enforced. It's enforced by you get a crazy judgment based on some dissident speech from a fixed show trial where the appellate courts have been in their constitutional obligation for politicized purposes.
  And then you use the collection process, the enforcement process.
  I mean, it's like I was up just this week in Pennsylvania before the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania arguing for Amos Miller, the Amish farmer, that they're trying to shut down.
  AmosMillerOrganicFarm.com.
  You can go and look up all of his great food products that he has.
  And they're trying to shut him down right now.
  Even though the legal system says if you think what he did was a mistake or wrong, you can sue him and you can get a monetary recovery or the state can seek civil penalties.
  They're like, no, we don't accept that.
  We want to prohibit him from making food, period.
  They were actually seeking an injunction to prohibit Amos Miller, an Amish farmer, from bringing food to his neighbors, for bringing food for an Amish wedding.
  We're right about November's Amish wedding.
  And they admit they want to set a precedent and he is your client and they admit they're trying to destroy him even though he's winning.
  Exactly. It's just another illustration.
  Whether it's political freedom in your case, whether it's food freedom in the case of Amos Miller, or look at the case of Roger Ver, the Bitcoin Jesus, who is exposing how the intelligence community was trying to get into the Bitcoin camp and co-opt it and mitigate Bitcoin's power and tool to be an alternative exchange economy based on a currency separate from central banks and central governments.
  And is it a coincidence?
  The only guy that's ever been criminally prosecuted on an exit tax interpretation, on a Bitcoin tax interpretation, is the guy that was exposing the intelligence community's attempts to infiltrate the Bitcoin movement and to usurp it and co-opt it and limit its ability to be a revolutionary tool for people?
  So that's the financial freedom aspect.
  And Roger Ver is currently facing extradition in Spain, where they're trying to lock him up for life, for simply asserting what all of our rights should be in And they arrested the head of Telegram.
  And they're trying to arrest Elon Musk.
  Let's speak about Musk.
  I mean, he is totally hardcore now.
  And then I want to get into false flags, civil unrest.
  The Pentagon put out a new report.
  I'll show it. Saying they're going to use lethal force on Americans.
  I mean, this is a scandal of scandals.
  Something we warned about forever.
  Here's the DOD directive right here.
  We'll do an overhead shot. Here's the report on it on Infowars.com.
  DOD directive expands domestic military authority to include lethal force documents.
  So on one hand... Smarter parts of the establishment are disengaging this, but other parts of it are rampaging forward.
  The Democrats are openly saying they're not going to certify Trump's election.
  What do you think they're going to pull?
  What are we facing? Well, I think, well, we saw a glimpse of it with the FEMA response.
  I mean, you've been on the front edge of reminding everybody that FEMA's history is not as a disaster relief agency.
  FEMA's history went by other names in the past.
  But, you know, FEMA is the movie Dr.
  Strangelove portraying that big, you know, underground place where everybody was going to live in the case they nuked the world.
  That was FEMA's predecessor agency.
  Most of FEMA's money was dark budget money.
  The reason why X-Files always portrayed FEMA as this shady agency.
  And is it a coincidence that one of the first things they start doing in response to the North Carolina hurricane is one to politically not respond in an adequate and effective manner to prohibit the scale of that disaster and not provide immediate relief, but then try to assert exclusive jurisdictional authority under the guise of a natural disaster To claim that they can exclude and even criminally or civilly punish anybody who tries to provide aid.
  Anybody who even tries to...
  I mean, the joke was that FEMA arrested NOAA for trying to help people avoid a flood.
  But that, you know, Babylon Bee headline, but it wasn't far from the truth of what actually occurred.
  And what are they doing?
  They're trying to claim, use natural disasters, like they did with COVID during the pandemic, use that as a pretext.
  Remember, that was the X-Files script with your old buddy there that was doing the X-Files shows, is that they would use a pandemic or some other natural disaster to come in and cover up other illicit activities and to be able to deprive us of our liberties.
  And they tried to do it during COVID. They were doing it in Western North Carolina, right under, you know, saying that they had authority they didn't have.
  They have no authority to override anybody.
  FEMA's only authority is to help and assist.
  They have no authority to exclude, no authority to deny, no authority to deprive people, no authority to tell people they can't fly their helicopters in, no authority to tell people they can't fly drones in, no authority to tell people they can't provide direct aid.
  But they were threatening people with that, to intimidate them.
  So we've already seen a glimpse.
  They will use the excuse and pretext of civil unrest, a natural disaster, a so-called pandemic, to try to steal all our liberties and rights.
  They did a mass Milgram experiment on us in COVID. You can expect that they're going to try to do something like that again.
  And I think we have to run on that parallel with the risk of them trying to instigate or provoke a world war, which Russia's not working because Putin's not complying with that kind of global war prospect.
  And now I think, look at all the escalation, and I think they're trying to tell Trump that it's the Iranians trying to kill him when it's the deep state that's trying to kill him.
  Because they want Trump world to be online with going after a war with Iran as their next hotspot to trigger, and Netanyahu's hot-tempered enough that he might risk it or gamble it.
  So I think our biggest risk of an October surprise probably isn't, you know, we've seen a glimpse of it with how they're going to try to handle natural disasters.
  That didn't work for them because it politically backfired because people like the Infowars audience are cognizant and conscientious in communicating using alternative media mechanisms to get the truth out.
  So that version of October surprise isn't going to go anywhere.
  A good October surprise would be securing the border.
  A good October surprise would be fixing the economy.
  A good October surprise would be a peace deal out of Ukraine or the Middle East.
  But that's not going to happen because Harris isn't smart enough for it.
  The deep state isn't inclined to it.
  Joe Biden doesn't want Harris to win the White House.
  He wants to say, see, only I, the great Joe Biden, could ever beat Donald J. Trump.
  That's what he wants to be able to claim.
  And everybody was wrong to doubt old Joe.
  I mean, that's why you like to tell those stories when he was seven years old and he came home and his mommy said, oh, Joe, they're picking on you.
  They just don't know how smart and special you are.
  No, Joe, you're an idiot. Your mama was lying.
  Look, Joe, you answered all the questions.
  Exactly. That's who Joe is.
  I mean, you could just imagine that with his mother, right?
  I mean, that is Joe Biden to a T. That's why he secretly wants to sabotage Kamala Harris.
  He picked her because he thought they would never replace him with her.
  They thought identity politics would work, and working class minority men, millennials, and Zoomers We're good to go.
  Absolutely. So bottom line, Trump's going to win big.
  They're in full panic mode unless they kill him, but they can still pull anything.
  But exposing them will make them back down if they know enough of us know they're behind it.
  In closing, I had Jack Posobiec on.
  He's always one of the best sources.
  He's never been wrong about secret sources that later comes out weeks or days later.
  Exclusive breaking terror alert.
  It's up on X. We posted the interview.
  It's up on X right now at Relox Jones.
  Everybody should share it. Exclusive breaking terror alert.
  Secret Homeland Security memo warns of Ukrainian-connected terror attacks in the United States during and after the 2024 election.
  We know the last guy to try to kill Trump in Florida was connected to the CIA. The same thing.
  This is a big deal. Barnes, your take on that?
  I think the biggest concern may be that we have out-of-control people.
  So they enlisted a range of the most psychopathic, sociopathic lunatics in the world, neo-Nazis in Ukraine, various forms of Islamic terrorists, whether out of Afghanistan or the Middle East.
  They brought them into the country under U.S. dollars, or they radicalized them.
  They came from the U.S., sent them there and radicalized them to come back.
  You've got people like Vindman, who's running for Congress, for crying out loud.
  That guy belongs on the front lines of Ukraine, not on the front lines of Congress, who basically winked and nodded when the second assassination attempt occurred quite publicly.
  So I think the concern is, how many rogue guys do you have?
  I mean, so even if they realize that it politically backfired, If they try to take out Trump again, what's the risk that some of these guys, like the Ukrainian guy, may be off script, that they no longer have the control over?
  I mean, it's the way we've often talked about.
  The biggest danger we face is not the moral corruption of the elites.
  It's their intellectual ineptitude.
  It's their inability to plan or prepare or predict adequately in such a way that's what produced World War I. It wasn't that the Brits and the French and the Germans and the Turks and the Russians all wanted to eliminate their empires in a decade by going into wars because they misjudged what that war would do.
  And it was that war that gave us World War II, fascism and communism and 100 million plus dead in the half century.
  So that's, I think, our greatest concern is not how evil these guys are, it's how stupid they are, as Trump said yesterday in Detroit.
  Barnes. Viva Barnes.
  We'll put it back on screen. Everybody needs to visit.
  Save it. VivaBarnesLaw.locals.com You always knock it out of the park, but this hour has been incredible.
  Everybody should watch it.
  It's been live, but it's going to be archived at X at RealAlexJones and Man.Video.
  Thank you so much, brother. God bless you.
  Talk to you soon. Absolutely.
  Remember, everybody, go to AlexJonesStore.com and if you've got some of those Alex Jones videos, download them, share them, keep them.
  Don't let the commies get them.
  And please help our legal defense fund at realalexjones.com.
  Thank you, Barnes. The globalist deep state just took their war on free speech and our very identities and our very freedoms to the next level.
  They have now introduced a lawsuit against me where they literally claim they own my name, my social media, and me personally in violation of the 13th Amendment that we fought the Civil War over.
  They're actually saying I'm an indentured servant, that I am a slave.
  Ladies and gentlemen, I'm always the canary in the coal mine.
  I am the test case.
  When they get through me, they're coming after you.
  They're not just saying they own me.
  They've also filed in federal court and also in the state court saying they own the name Alex Jones and that they own real Alex Jones on X. Now, the courts have all said you can't do things like that, but they're trying it, and if I don't aggressively battle them in the state and federal court,
  they will get a win if I don't challenge it, and then they'll be able to use that tactic on you as well.
  And in the words of President Trump, when that bullet graves his ear, defiantly rising up and saying, fight, fight, fight.
  That's how we fight in the information war, winning hearts and minds.
  And we're unstoppable if you simply decide to take action.
  So for all your word of mouth, all your prayers, and all your support over the years, I salute all of you and remind you that you are the Paul Revere's.
  You are the resistance.
  You are the people.
  And I am so proud to have been working with all of you through the years, and now the fight is entering the most intense part of the phase, so let's redouble our efforts, and let's win this thing!
  Or we can roll over and be slaves to the New World Order.
  As for me, I'll quote Patrick Henry.
  Give me liberty or give me death.
  And I'll quote Colonel Travis the Alamo.
  Victory or death!
  RealAuxJones.com. TheAuxJonesStore.com.
  Back me and I'll never surrender.
  Alright, the Elon Musk or Alex Jones or Tucker Carlson of Australia, and this affects us all because it's one of the main testing grounds, Senator Malcolm Roberts is joining us for the balance of the hour by five minutes.
  But let me tell you, Jack Posobiec dropped a major terror alert bombshell In the first hour today that just got posted.
  He was live, but the clips of it, the 25-minute interview just went live.
  You need to get this.
  You need to share it. Because if we expose these plots, as we've been doing before it even came out, we'll stop them.
  I mean, this is critical intel.
  The deep state is pissed.
  Exclusive breaking terror alert.
  Secret Homeland Security memo warns of Ukrainian-connected terror attacks in the odd states during an April 2024 election.
  Go get it and share it now.
  Here's the first few minutes.
  Your sources have told you that there is a Homeland Security memo that groups connected to, quote, Russia and Ukraine and that whole conflict are preparing to do something big in or around the election.
  Elaborate on that. That's big breaking news.
  A very limited bulletin just went out to various federal law enforcement offices warning of We're good to go.
  Keep in mind, he was in Ukraine, in Kiev.
  Then suddenly he flies over to Istanbul, Turkey.
  Then he's in Taipei, Taiwan.
  And yet we're told that he has no funding, he has no bank accounts, he has no information.
  This guy's a ghost on paper, and yet he has two homes, one in Greenboro, North Carolina, and then another one all the way out in Honolulu, Hawaii.
  So again, you're going to see things more and more like this.
  You're gonna see assets be activated, you're gonna see crazies be willing to go and take more shots like this.
  Now, we have all the documents.
  And it was in the news a month ago that Congress is preparing for mass casualty events and power outages and cyber attacks and martial law.
  Jamie Raskin, one of their top spokespersons, said there are going to be civil war conditions.
  And I've got articles here and videos where Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats are saying they're not going to certify a Trump win.
  Everything they accused Trump of doing that he didn't do and then indicted him for.
  And then we've got what I said was going on right when they tried to kill Trump in July, that they're going to have CIA and FBI groups going out and fighting Islamic people to believe they're working for ISIS and Iran, two different Islamic groups,
  Shiites and Sunnis, to try to kill Trump.
  And now it's mainstream news.
  Only two people exposed this, myself and Jack Posobiec, even before they tried this.
  And I said, watch, they'll start blaming it on Iran.
  They did that after I talked about it.
  And the reason I point that out is they've already tried to kill him twice we know of.
  They're going to try again.
  We are only 24 days out from the election.
  And it is good agents inside the FBI and the federal government that keep exposing these plots.
  But look at this headline.
  DOD directive expands domestic military authority to include lethal force.
  I'll show you the document.
  DOD directive 524.01.
  They've not just gotten rid of positive commentatus, they're gearing up for this.
  Now, I'm seeing signs while they gear up for martial law.
  That they're also slowing down some of this right now and some of their actions.
  We'll talk about that with Jack Posobiec who's got private investigators on the ground in Pennsylvania.
  Florida and other areas that I can confirm this because I know these investigators for more than, like, actually about 18 years.
  Very good group, but they don't want to be known publicly.
  This is very dangerous what they're doing.
  And Jack now can basically give you most of the report, and it's in his new book as well.
  So this is a big deal. We'll talk to Jack in a moment.
  But let me show you a FEMA whistleblower.
  Because people always want to hear a whistleblower.
  This is in the FEMA documents.
  It's in the news. But he's telling you what they're being trained for.
  So that's why I'm telling you that they've got this set up and ready to go.
  I don't know if the Globals will pull the trigger, but exposing it and letting the establishment know we're aware of their plans is what derails it and helps other whistleblowers expose it.
  Like one of the Jan 6 officers that arrested Owen Troyer is going to be on his show next week whistleblowing and exposing what really happened.
  So the whistleblowers are really the Achilles heel of this whole thing.
  Here's a short clip of the female whistleblower.
  We'll go to Jack Posobiec. Alright, I wanted to get this guy on for years.
  I know it's the middle of the night.
  We really appreciate him joining us from Queensland, Australia.
  He is the main guy, the most prominent of a lot of great people in Australia that are battling the Great Reset, the globalist takeover.
  And they are one of the main testing grounds.
  So is the UK, so are places like Italy and Germany and Canada.
  And everything you see done there is going to happen here.
  I know most of our audience cares about everybody in the world.
  Some people say, well, why are you covering Australia so much?
  I mean, hypothetically, if Martians blew up Paris, I'd be against it because obviously we're next.
  I mean, we need to understand this.
  They're fighting the same global, corporate, BlackRock, ESG, social credit score program that we are slowing down and stopping, and he has been charging ahead.
  So, he's an Australian leader.
  He's a member of the One Nation Party and has been a senator for Queensland since 2019.
  He also served in the Senate from 2016 to 2017, and he's been through a lot.
  He exposes the carbon tax fraud and the man-made climate change garbage.
  Find him on Acts at M. Roberts QLD, and we'll put that on screen for you.
  You need to follow what he's saying, because whatever he's talking about is about two years ahead of us, on average.
  So he joins us. He sent us a lot of topics, a lot of clips.
  He's really prepared.
  We appreciate him getting up in the middle of the night or early morning to do this.
  We're going to cover the waterfront here.
  And he sent us a lot of documents as well.
  So, Senator, it's great to have you here.
  We're all together in solidarity against the same enemy.
  And we share a lot of the same culture.
  So we're in this together. I would like, I mean, I'll jump in some and bring in some clips and topics.
  But to kind of give you the floor here to start where you think is most important.
  Thanks so much for being here. You're welcome, Alex, and thank you so much for what you're doing.
  You've been fighting a lone battle until fairly recently, and now people recognize that your credibility is very, very high.
  So thank you so much for what you're doing.
  Where do you start, Alex?
  It's pervasive.
  We're in the middle of an indoctrination war, an information war, which is the title of your show.
  We've been saying that for years.
  But essentially what's happening is your country, Britain, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, all descendants from the British Commonwealth are all ruled by a red and a blue team, what I call the Uni Party.
  And they're all the same.
  They're pushing the same basic policies.
  They're pretending to be different, and some of the people in the Liberal Party in Australia, for example, the Blue Party in Australia, are different, but the majority are just following like sheep.
  And what we're seeing is the same globalist policies, the United Nations, the World Health Organization, the World Economic Forum, and the policies that'll make BlackRock, Vanguard, State Street, First State, all rich, They're pushing what's happening in our country.
  The agenda is driven by these internationalists, these globalists, these unelected parasites who are fronts for big corporations, who are fronts for a few people that own them and control them.
  Absolutely. And of course, the jewel in their crown has been climate change, carbon taxes, the global corporate rules, the regimens, and now they're bringing in COVID as their lockdown excuse, which they admit are training rules for it.
  Let's talk about then your awakening and what's happening in Australia, and then it's happening everywhere, and then walk through the stratagems they're involved in and then how we dismantle this, how we stop it.
  Well, I first became involved.
  I didn't know anything about this.
  You know, what you would have been saying in 2009, I would have probably laughed at.
  And then I got involved in the climate fraud, exposing the climate fraud.
  I'm a mining engineer by training.
  I've worked in leadership and management at corporate levels and at mine sites.
  And I've been trained as a mining engineer to keep people alive underground.
  That means I have to understand atmospheric gases.
  So I just knew that they couldn't, that carbon dioxide cannot do what they're saying it can do.
  You know, boil the planet. It's not going to boil the bloody planet.
  It's essential. It's nature's essential fertilizer for plants.
  So when they started demonizing carbon dioxide, and I worked in New Zealand for a client over there for a year.
  Our family went over there. When we came back, I saw it was a rage in this country.
  And so I said, this is bullshit.
  So I started researching it, and I found out the science is absolute crap.
  There is no science backing it up whatsoever.
  So I then started exploring further.
  I explored the people who were pushing it.
  That was the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
  And I found that the whole thing was rigged.
  And then I found out who was driving it and the motives.
  And it's just for the same things that globalists do everywhere, control and wealth transfer.
  And there's a bigger and nastier thing going on.
  We had a wonderful scientist here called Bob Carter.
  Professor Bob Carter was an eminent climatologist.
  He understood the science, and he and I were speaking around the country in various places, all voluntary.
  He did a marvelous job.
  Anyway, one day he said to me, You know, this climate change stuff must be the biggest fraud ever.
  And I said, Bob, it's not even close.
  And he said, what do you mean?
  And I said, well, look at the monetary system.
  Look at the way they issue currency.
  Make it out of thin air. He said, you got a point?
  Okay. And I said, but that's not the worst.
  The worst is the anti-human scam.
  Alex, as you know, and many of your listeners probably know, the fundamental...
  The fundamental problem is an anti-human problem.
  They're portraying humans as uncaring, greedy, rapacious, unkind.
  We just don't give a damn about the planet.
  Nothing could be further from the truth.
  You know, when a foal is given birth from the mare, within 20 minutes, it's up and about on spindly legs, awkward, and it's trotting.
  And then it sidles up to its mother and has a drink.
  And then within a few months, it's eating grass and moving with the herd, completely alone, completely independent.
  But human baby, when you and I were born, we were about so long and we were completely helpless for years.
  And that shows that humans, the fact that you are here, the fact that I am here, the fact that people are watching this, shows that someone cared for each of us.
  Because that is the fundamental trait.
  Humans, the human traits that set us apart are love, care, and reason.
  Although I sometimes wonder about the reasoning skills, but you know what I'm getting at.
  And that sets us apart.
  But we are vulnerable, we are dependent for many, many years.
  And the fact that humans actually care Well, absolutely.
  And the real studies show, in most cases, humans make the environment better, not worse.
  There's obviously some issues, but we're cleaning those up.
  But you hit the nail on the head here.
  And Elon Musk, after they basically kidnapped his son and sterilized him and his brother almost died from the poison shot, he's now fully awake and says, look, I know the globalists.
  And he went back decades ago to the founders of Google saying we need to get rid of the people.
  And, you know, don't be pro-human.
  He explains it's a death cult.
  If they can convince us we're bad and that we have no life force and that we have no survival instinct, then we'll all roll over and be slaves and be sterilized and basically just phased out.
  I mean, that's it. The decision's been made by the Limits to Growth, the Club of Rome, the World Economic Forum, to build a post-human future.
  And it's a mad scientist And we have to get people to face it.
  It sounds crazy, but now the WF is very public about it.
  The New York Times' headlines, looking forward to the end of humanity.
  I've been in the grocery store and seen magazines.
  Humans are bad, you know, looking forward to the end of humans.
  They want us to hate ourselves, so we get rid of that empathy and then accept their globalist anti-human program.
  It's really, for me, simple. You're absolutely correct.
  And they want us to hate ourselves.
  They want us to hate each other. They want division.
  They want fear. During COVID, we saw the same things, fear and isolation and separation, making us feel as though we're alone and individual and vulnerable and nothing could be further from the truth.
  When people stand up, we have very strong care, reasoning, ability, and love.
  But at the same time, Alex, Maria Montessori, the world's greatest studier of human behavior and human development, she's dead now.
  She died in the 50s, I think.
  Wonderful woman, highly objective, and a huge volume of work, and very, very accurate.
  We go through planes of development when we grow.
  And in the first six years, well, she said the critical years for the formation of both character and intellect are birth to six.
  We don't form ourselves until we're around about six.
  And then we don't start getting intellectual ability, reasoning skills until about nine.
  So what that means, Alex, is that you and I and every human on this planet created ourselves, fabricated ourselves before we could intellectually reason.
  And so that means it wasn't God who made me, God created me, but I fabricated my ego.
  And so what we've got is we've got these parasitic globalist billionaires, parasitic globalist corporation run by the billionaires who are basically evil and separate from the rest of humanity in that they think they're superior because they fabricated that.
  And underneath all of that is fear.
  Always, Alex, these people are after control.
  They're after wealth transfer from us to them.
  They want to make us serfs.
  Christiana Figueres, who used to lead the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, Another senior bureaucrats in the UN have admitted.
  I mean, we don't need to make this stuff up.
  They've admitted that their agenda is a new world order, a new economic order.
  What's his name? Maurice Strong, who fabricated global climate change.
  He said he had two aims in life.
  One was to put in place an unelected socialist global governance.
  His words, and the other one was to de-industrialize Western civilization.
  No more of these things. And, you know, no more lights, no more electricity, no more power, no more roads.
  They want us back in the dark ages, back in the cave.
  That's how inhuman these people are.
  But they want the good life. They want us to be surfs to look after them.
  I mean, we're looking at their own words.
  They're telling us with their own words, and they've told it repeatedly.
  World Economic Forum, United Nations.
  And you stand up. We've got some of these clips coming up.
  I mean, we play them almost every week.
  In the Senate.
  And you look them right in the eyes and expose their operations.
  And I know they've come after you.
  But let's talk about the censorship systems.
  And I see the policies without even votes they're trying to enforce where the government can break in your social media and even pose as you and then put you in jail for what they've done.
  And we see other senators calling for Elon Musk arrest.
  We see similar things in the EU and Brazil.
  So again, you guys are really the test case, along with New Zealand, with the WEF minion Ardennes and Australian leaders saying, don't look at the sunset, don't talk to your neighbors.
  I mean, this is a wild cult.
  Your current leader is saying he wants to arrest people for memes.
  Tell us about the WEF-UN push legislation that they're trying to bring into Australia to silence the people.
  Well, you hit the nail on the head, Alex, because we have a red party, which is the Labour Party, supposed to be socialist.
  We have a blue party, which is the Liberal Party and is in coalition with the National Party.
  That's supposed to be free enterprise capitalist.
  And they're both bullshit.
  Their policies are almost identical.
  When you look at it fundamentally, their policies are identical.
  There are slight variations in extremity.
  Every major climate and energy policy, which has been destroying our country since 1996, has been introduced by the liberal nationals, the capitalists, the conservatives.
  This is the way they parade themselves.
  And then each time, Labor comes in and ramps it up.
  Now, when we look at the suite of policies that you're talking about, with the control policies, the media control policies, We're looking at the Digital Identity Bill, for example, which enables the government to sell our data.
  I mean, sell it to corporations overseas.
  That's the next step in what they'll be doing.
  Their current status is they make one massive database with all the other departmental databases filtered into one now.
  So that's going to be a hacker's paradise.
  And also naval control.
  Then the next step, and they've said this, both Liberals and the Labor Party in their draft bills have said this, they want to sell it off to corporations.
  So for me to go and get my health data, I will have to access a private corporation and pay them for my data, pay them to access my data.
  Then the next part is the misinformation-disinformation bill.
  When they don't define disinformation, they don't define misinformation accurately in detail, specifics rather, and they also...
  They also make it a crime to say certain things that go against the government narrative.
  Now, the government will decide what is information and what is misinformation and what is disinformation and what is serious harm.
  I mean, I was a part of one of the senators in the Senate inquiry yesterday, and no one could...
  I asked several people, several witnesses, what's the definition of serious harm?
  And they said they don't know.
  So what they're setting us up for is both parties are setting it.
  The Liberals introduced this bill.
  The Labor Party is now bringing it to a vote.
  We've also got the Identity Verification Data Bill, which is about setting up biometric surveillance cameras so that they can see who you're driving with, who you're mixing with, who you're traveling with, who you're engaging with.
  These are the sorts of things that it's setting up.
  But they've already got 15-minute cities, as you well know, better than anyone else on the planet, in Oxford and other places in Britain.
  So the other thing, Alex, is what we're seeing in Australia is happening in the other British colonies, former British colonies, America, Canada, New Zealand, Britain itself, and Australia.
  So this is coordinated globally.
  It's coordinated globally, and we don't even need the evidence now of what Marie Strong and others are saying to put in place a global governance, unelected socialist global governance, is there, and it's coming.
  And the best thing to do is to stand up and tell them to go to hell.
  Well, that's right.
  And again, you mentioned the same things here.
  The Democrats are now trying to, quote, take over big tech, so it's one conglomerate, so they can get direct control.
  Same thing's happening in Europe, but when they get all the data and the government, quote, controls the data, they then have an Internet ID. They always do it in the name of protecting children in the U.S. and Australia.
  It's all the same. And then once they have all that data, they use that to punish you when you don't behave the way they want.
  That's exactly it. It's a social credit system.
  That's what we can see coming. What is the climate in Australia?
  It looks to me like people really woke up during COVID and it seems like they've got major opposition.
  What's happening? That's correct, but the majority of people are still asleep, Alex.
  We've got a long, long way to go.
  You know, the climate fraud, as I call it, that was starting to get somewhere.
  But on Instagram, for example, just before COVID arrived, we had very slow growth on Instagram.
  And then COVID arrived, and we took a very strong stance.
  I mean, just natural stance, doing what is right and protecting people.
  And we saw a lot of young people join us and start following us on Instagram, until we got to about 45,000.
  Follow us. And then it was capped.
  We didn't move above that because it was controlled by Meta.
  But then what we noticed was that when initially my posts about COVID and standing up against the government's regime were drawing a lot of favorable comments.
  But climate, my posts about climate fraud were not drawing many comments.
  Over the ensuing years, bit by bit, people started realizing, and they said this to me, younger people in their 20s and 30s said, we looked at COVID, we could see the fraud that was going on there and the control mechanisms being put in place.
  And then we looked at climate in new eyes, and we started seeing the same traits, the same characteristics in that.
  And then they realized climate fraud is just a control mechanism as well.
  So what they're wanting, Alex, is they're wanting to control our food supply.
  And they've made that clear.
  They're wanting to control our energy.
  They already control the money.
  They're wanting to get rid of cash so that we become totally dependent on a digital currency and social credit They want to control our movements, our transport.
  They want to surveil us.
  So that's what they're trying to do.
  And what we've been doing is just telling them to go to hell and just exposing it because we've got to get people away.
  In a totalitarian state, as you well know and as you've said many times, the people are afraid of the government.
  In a true democracy, a true democracy, and I don't believe we live in a true democracy, in a true democracy, the government is afraid of the people because the people are in charge.
  And our country was the first in the world and the only country in the world in which the people had a vote on the constitution before it came into play.
  And the people are the only people who can change our constitution, Alex.
  So we are in charge.
  We are the top level of sovereignty in our country.
  And what we've been doing is we've been sleeping and taking everything for granted.
  And now we've got to stand up for our country and fight for it.
  Absolutely. We have Australian National Senator Malcolm Roberts.
  He is our guest here.
  And I want to start playing a few clips.
  We're going to go to break and come back and cover more of this.
  I want to play clip number one. Roberts, the plan of the Great Reset is that you will die with nothing.
  And that's their public plan.
  Everything will be rented and you can't rent it unless you've got good favorability with a social credit score and they'll always be raising the bar.
  Let's play that clip and back to back with clip two about COVID. Here it is.
  Instead of working together to push Klaus Schwab's World Economic Forum plan based on United Nations policies, work together instead for our country.
  Klaus Schwab's life by subscription, quote, is really serfdom, it's slavery.
  Billionaire globalist corporations will own everything, homes, factories, farms, cars, furniture.
  And everyday citizens will rent what they need, if their social credit score allows.
  The plan of the Great Reset is that you will die with nothing.
  To pull off this evil plan, Klaus Schwab's World Economic Forum will need to take more than just material possessions from Australians.
  Senators in this very chamber today who support the Great Reset threaten our privacy, freedom and dignity.
  Yes, they're in this Senate chamber.
  One Nation vehemently opposes the Great Reset, the Digital Identity Bill, theft of agricultural land use, forcing farmers off their land and all of the Great Reset.
  One Nation has a comprehensive plan to bring our beautiful country back to sustainable prosperity.
  And in the months ahead, we will be rolling that plan out.
  Instead of LibLab pushing Klaus Schwab's Great Reset with the tagline, you will owe nothing and be happy, One Nation advocates the great resist.
  We stand for a world where individuals and communities have primacy over predatory globalist billionaires and their quizzling bureaucrats, politicians and mouthpiece media.
  One Nation accepts the challenge to provide a better future for everyday Australians.
  We have one flag, we are one community, and we are one nation.
  It's become clear that people in this country and globally have been steamrolled.
  It is also clear that it has been coordinated globally.
  It is also clear that it has been integrated not just over six months, not just over two and a half years, but it has been planned over decades.
  The changes to legislation in this country were done so that they could control doctors and people.
  But the people are waking, and it's thanks to people like Dr Altman and all the presenters here today, thanks to people like Senator Babette and Craig Kelly, we know and we knew that this is all bullshit and that we've been had.
  But we are going to hound you down, the people that are guilty.
  We are going to hound you down and hold you accountable.
  And we will expose your global agenda so that the people of Australia can be free in the future.
  Because I love my kids and I'm looking forward to my grandkids.
  And we are going to save this country.
  That's Senator Malcolm Roberts.
  We're going to go to break here in a few minutes and come back and get a whole bunch of topics and documents he sent.
  But look, we're under attack.
  They're giving us poison shots.
  They're cutting off our energy. They're literally saying they want to get rid of most of the farms.
  They're saying big corporations will own everything.
  This is tyranny, and you have to get aggressive, and you have to realize it's a new type of war.
  It's economic war. And that's not a new type, but the way they're deploying it, It's new.
  And what Malcolm Roberts is doing, the senator, is exposing that this is global.
  We all have the same enemies, with Klaus Schwab saying, bragging with David Gergen famously, we penetrates the cabinets, we controls the cabinets.
  And then you've got his, they say, well, who's your best minion?
  Trudeau is the best.
  And what does Trudeau say?
  I want a basic dictatorship.
  I admire Xi Jinping.
  Hillary's on TV twice the last two weeks saying ban free speech.
  New York Times says time to get rid of the Constitution.
  I mean, these people aren't even hiding it anymore.
  And whereas Australia is ahead on the tyranny and behind on the awakening, because I follow it closely, it's explosive.
  And you see it going straight up here.
  It's starting to go straight up in Australia and in Europe.
  And it's exciting. Elon Musk is full in.
  All the top talk show hosts are full in.
  Populists are winning elections everywhere.
  It's happening. We'll be right back with Senator Malcolm Roberts straight ahead, and we'll tell you about their party and more and how you get involved in their organization.
  We're all one nation, the human nation, against the New World Order.
  Here's your chance to keep my broadcast, which the globalists absolutely hate, which is devastating them, on the air and empower your body, your overall health, your immune system, your mental clarity.
  Now, anybody that knows about supplements and what is the most popular stuff out there knows that Irish sea moss has compounds in it that make it arguably the greatest superfood out there.
  It's got one of the best bioavailable forms of iodine in it It's got all these key minerals, all of these key vitamins, and a bunch of other what they call ring structures involved in it that help the vitamins and minerals and other compounds like iodine get directly into your cells.
  So you want to go to the AlexJonesStore.com and get this incredible CMOS product that is called Alex Jones' Ultimate CMOS. You will immediately feel the energy and the mental clarity.
  And within a few weeks, the iodine in your cells really starts to kick in, and that's when you feel We're good to go.
  I will never give up.
  I will never sell out. I will never back down.
  But we could give out without your support.
  Look, the globalists with all their big fake lawsuits and rig courts openly told me, stop promoting the Second Amendment.
  Stop promoting Trump. We'll drop all this.
  They literally think that I will buckle to them, that I will bow to them, that I will give in to them.
  I will never do that.
  I will never sell out.
  It's impossible. Can't even think about it.
  But... I could give out, as I keep saying.
  So please keep us on the air.
  We have broken so many huge stories.
  We've exposed the poison shots, the open borders, the globalist pedophile rings, the World War III situation.
  Almost everybody I interview that's prominently fighting the New World Order now says I woke them up.
  People like Tucker Carlson.
  Alex Jones is the most extraordinary person I've ever met.
  So the show has been a devastating weapon against the New World Order.
  But it cannot continue on, no matter what happens to InfoWars here in the next few weeks, without your support.
  So please make the decision now to keep me on air and to keep the crew working and to keep the special reports coming out by going to thealexjonesstore.com and getting the ultimate CMOS, getting t-shirts, hoodies, ball caps, new designs being added, limited edition, super high quality at thealexjonesstore.com.
  Again, I humbly thank you for all your support and I ask you to please keep me in the game.
  Make the decision now to go to thealexjonesstore.com and God bless you all.
  We're about to recapture the whole country when we get Trump elected.
  They already tried to kill him twice.
  There's other assassinations the public doesn't know about.
  I want to quantify something before we go back to Senator Malcolm Roberts in Australia.
  I don't tell the stories about me.
  It's about understanding and giving people a lot of hope because they have the facts.
  I've been on the air 30 years, and we were already number one on shoutcast and internet streaming ahead of music 23, 4 years ago.
  And so there was almost no news about the New World Order and the globalists and the unelected EU then.
  And nobody really knew who Nigel Farage was, but he had his new party with only a few members, and we would get him on.
  And, you know, a decade later, he could find the clips.
  He came on without me even asking. I had him on as a guest about something else.
  And he said, you know, half the support in UKIP came from your show.
  Because we were like number 45 at times.
  Biggest website in the UK, according to Alexa Tracking.
  So we were in the 40s for years.
  And we had millions of people just in the UK alone tuning in every week via 14-bit streams that we were streaming out and paying for ourselves.
  It sounded like a tin can, but people were listening.
  And that just shows how infectious in a good way the truth is, because I was showing documents, I was showing reality.
  And they had Brexit, and the globalists came in and manipulated that and tried to block it.
  Now there's all these EU countries trying to leave, but it's unelected at the top with the EU Commission.
  So it's hard to do, but...
  We're not going to take things back right away.
  They've got a lot of tricks up their sleeve, but just look what this show did with my guests and everybody in the UK and Nigel Farage saying UKIP blew up because of this show.
  He'd go to people's doors and at first they'd know who he was.
  He'd talk to them. They'd go, oh, I saw you on Alex Jones.
  Yeah, I'm going to support the party.
  So it's like fire.
  We can burn down tyranny, and I mean that as a non-violent analogy, with this.
  And you don't just need Alex Jones.
  You've got Malcolm Roberts.
  You've got tens of thousands of prominent men and women around the world fighting this.
  Then you've got Elon Musk converting to reality because he's seen the tyranny for himself, and now he's as, quote, hardcore as I am.
  So, Malcolm, I wanted to ask you, About Elon Musk and just how big a game changer you think he is on this, because he's exposing the climate power grab, the depopulation plan, the COVID power grab, the ESG scores.
  At the World Government Conference of the WEF last year, he told them their face, they're a global tyranny.
  I mean, Elon Musk, I think in many ways, is more important than Trump.
  What's your view on him? He is very, very important.
  I don't know him too much in detail, and I don't talk about things I don't know a lot about.
  But I do know one thing about him for sure, and that is that our e-safety commissar in this country, Julie Inman Grant, she's a bureaucrat looking to censor people.
  She was appointed by the Liberals, and she's now getting her powers enhanced by the Labor Party.
  She's an American, and she's come over here, and she's head of our e-safety division, which is internet censorship.
  We're good to go.
  I look at what people do, not what they say.
  And I look at what he's done on X and how he's opened that up.
  We used to get suppressed and heavily censored on X or Twitter as it was.
  Now we're free again and we're saying whatever we want to say.
  And the best way to...
  Protect truth and to determine the truth, Alex, as you know, is to have free speech debate, open debate.
  That's the best way. And what we've got is the bureaucrats wanting to control that.
  So Elon's standing up against that.
  And that is fundamental to human progress.
  The number one trait, number one key to human progress is freedom.
  Because one thing humans are doing, we're very, very creative, but you might come up with an idea, you might share it with someone else, that second person blows it out of the water, then the third person gets the idea and makes a wonderful product or service out of it.
  That's the beauty of humans that we communicate and we travel.
  That's the essence of humans.
  And we do so with good motives, most of us.
  And so that Elon Musk is lighting that up again and allowing that to happen.
  When I was first elected into the Senate, I just barely squeaked in.
  And so our party boss said, let's go up to the park and we'll have a media conference.
  And there I was asked the usual, I had about 20 journalists in front of me and my wife and my son.
  And the journalists are asking all the nice questions, you know, like, well, how many kids you got?
  What are your hobbies? Blah, blah, blah.
  And then one guy was off to the side and I noticed him off to the side and he stood up and he said after a while, you're the, in words that were inoffensive, but the tone was basically, you're that wanker who thinks that this global climate change is all about global governance.
  And most politicians in that position would have said, that's not what I meant.
  But I just looked at him and said, yes, that's correct.
  Next question. And he didn't know what to do.
  My point is that we need to stand up together, all of us, with Elon Musk, and speak the truth.
  That's the fundamental thing we need to do.
  What you just said, Senator, is the key.
  Stop apologizing for telling the truth.
  Stop acting like the establishment has the authority.
  They're losing it. The people are turning against it.
  And own being the black sheep, the rebel against tyranny, being the Robin Hood.
  And you raised that.
  I noticed you sent me some key articles here.
  They're doing the same thing here.
  Oh, we're going to create an Internet ID... It's in Canada, Australia, the US, Europe.
  It's just for the kids, but then they admit this internet ID is for everybody to bring in the social credit score, the ESG, just like they tried to use vaccine passports as that.
  Bill Gates, the UN, admits it.
  So this is critical to their total control to get this in, and they're so close all over the world.
  Describe what's happening. Australia plans to bar young children from social media.
  Sounds nice, but what's really happening?
  Well, that's just a way of putting something in place for rolling it out to everyone, just giving themselves the power to do it, to control everyone.
  Alex, if you take a step back and look at what's going on, They stole farmers' property rights.
  The fundamental trait in human civilizations is secure property rights.
  That drives our initiative, drives our sense of responsibility, drives innovation.
  That they stole and it was the right wing, supposedly right wing government.
  I don't like using left and right.
  It's bullshit. It's just a fabrication.
  But our conservative, our liberal government stole farmers' property rights in 1996 to 2007 under John Howard's governance.
  He was supposed to be one of the best prime ministers.
  When I look at some of the things he's done, many people don't realize it.
  And so what I'm saying is they're wolves in sheep's clothing.
  Both parties are pushing this agenda.
  They stole farmers' property rights, which is fundamental.
  They're destroying family.
  There's controlling speech, they're destroying religion, bad-mouthing Christianity, which gave us our Western civilization, the fundamentals of our Western civilization, our values, and they're putting controls in place like this social media control that you're talking about.
  They're doing all the things that a Communist Party would do because they are communist in their approach.
  And what I'm saying is that the Blue Party here, the Liberals, the so-called Free Enterprise Party, and the Red Party, the Labour Party, the supposedly Socialist Party, are pushing this.
  But the Socialist Party is not doing things for workers.
  I've had to take on the socialist government over wage theft of workers losing up to $41,000 per year, per person, and they're wanting to cover it up, and we're still fighting on that.
  Oh, that's just like the unions selling out workers here.
  Next topic you sent, and this is happening in the United States very quietly, 20 years ago was in the documents, now they're doing it in California, they're doing it in Oregon, they're doing it in Colorado, New York, in your country, interjects That's a big company.
  Remotely cuts power to 170,000 air conditioners six times in a month, and now they're giving people notices on their digital thermostats that they've taken control of it for climate change.
  And again, just like Enron was caught scamming people and charging more, this is technocracy.
  Explain what this is, Senator. This is control of energy.
  Because once you have control, as Kirsten Jurem said, one of the most evil globalists of all, if you can control energy, food, and money, you have control of the country.
  And then that's what they're doing here.
  It's technocracy. They also have encouraged people through massive subsidies that we pay for.
  I won't fall for the scam, so I refuse to have solar panels put on my roof.
  But what they've done now is they're wanting to turn off your solar panels from feeding energy into the grid because the grid is unstable.
  We used to have the world's cheapest electricity in the world because of our coal-fired power stations.
  Now we've got amongst the most expensive because we've got the highest level of subsidies.
  There are so many things, Alex.
  So what they're trying to do now is put smart meters to not only control air conditioners and when you'll use your power and how you'll use it, but to actually control the supply from solar panels into the house solar panels into the grid.
  And also, when they shut it down, you won't be able to use the power generated on your own bloody solar panels.
  That's what they're trying to do. They're trying to control the whole way we live.
  They look at it. They're destroying it.
  Same thing being done here.
  Same thing in Europe. They put in the solar panels, get you to pay for it, claim there's a rebate, and then turn around later and say, oh, it isn't working in the grid, and then now they're trying to pass laws in some areas where you can't have your own independent solar panels.
  Right. And so what we're also doing, Alex, is we are paying subsidies which drive up the cost of our electricity.
  We're paying subsidies to parasitic billionaires, parasitic corporations, mostly foreign owned, many of them from China, to install solar and wind here, which is driving up the cost of electricity.
  So the number one cost component in manufacturing today is not labor, it's electricity.
  Labor is phased out of manufacturing because of the mechanization and the control automation.
  So, electricity. Now what happens is, we buy our bloody solar panels and our wind turbines from China.
  China imports some of our coal for them to make those things.
  So we're sending them our resources.
  We're a bigger supplier of iron ore for their steel, which goes into turbines.
  So we're supplying the resources to China.
  China is then turning that into coal-fired power at 8 cents a kilowatt hour.
  We're using the same power here with no transport costs.
  And we're selling it at 25 to 30 cents per kilo an hour.
  Our manufacturing is going broke and being shipped to China.
  Our factories and jobs are being shipped to China.
  And so we are supplying them with that.
  We are the world's largest exporters of hydrocarbon fuels.
  That's coal, oil and natural gas.
  We've got huge exports of coal and natural gas.
  The largest exporter.
  We can't use the stuff here!
  But we can send it to China and let them generate cheap electricity out of it and smash us.
  And that's because the globalists have made a deal with them.
  They made a deal to do that Trump was trying to kill.
  Talking about coal.
  We have clean burning coal plants that only put out carbon dioxide and water vapors.
  So they list carbon dioxide as toxic.
  As you said, it's one of the four keys of life.
  Water, sunlight, oxygen, carbon dioxide, and...
  They are shutting it down all over the West and moving it all to China and India and Mexico that have dirty plants.
  It's totally insane, but again, it centralizes power.
  Exactly. It gives them control over us, and that's what they're wanting to do.
  We also know that...
  We also know that what they're wanting to do is smash down private enterprise, private initiative, private ownership.
  That's what I mentioned in my speech about the Great Reset.
  They're wanting to smash private ownership, and then you'll become dependent on them.
  So whether you get your food, whether you get your electricity, it will depend on your social credit score.
  This has all been done.
  It's being done in China.
  They want to turn us...
  Alex, before the Industrial Revolution, there was basically feudalism.
  And we were serfs on land that the baron or the lord of the manor controlled.
  And he gave us enough land, the use of enough land, sorry, he didn't give us a land, the use of enough land to sustain ourselves.
  But he took most of our work results.
  He took most of the product of the fruits of our labor.
  What they're wanting to do now, and then we had the Industrial Revolution, we had the development of science, and science is wonderful because it's the basis of freedom.
  Because up until science, someone with the strongest religious fear, someone with the biggest army, the financial power, the property ownership, they controlled what we said, what we did, how we lived, whether or not we lived at times, and in the so-called civilized countries at the time.
  They lost all of that when science came out and started making decisions based on objective data.
  But they also lost it with the Industrial Revolution.
  We had a huge middle class burgeon across the Western world that freed slaves.
  So we had slavery abolished.
  We had a middle class rising.
  We had the people having the power through choice, through private enterprise.
  Instead, they're teaching us to hate the West because the globalists have written their own books.
  We've covered it here. That if the world aspires to the civil wars and the things that happened in what is England today and Scotland and Ireland that then developed the freedoms that spread to America and the rest of the world, you know, the flower of the Renaissance, if the world aspires to the ideas that we promoted in a middle class and freedom,
  that makes globalism look terrible and no one's going to want it.
  But if they can discredit and de-industrialize and culturally destroy the West, then everyone will fall to this new corporate world government hellhole.
  Exactly. You know, I've been in all 50 of your American states.
  I went over there when I was 24, and I fell in love with the joint.
  I mean, I'm very proud of my country, but I loved America.
  I mean, America, and I've got to put a caveat on that, has been decimated in the last 30 years, thanks to the Obamas, the Clintons.
  I mean, you've been ruled by criminals.
  And literally ruled.
  But I was fascinated by America.
  All 50 states. You know, it was nothing to just be driving through some place in back blocks of Idaho or Iowa and see a massive building constructed by someone and across the top of the portal would be dedicated to people of the world.
  And it was genuine. And I felt the energy.
  I arrived just before Reagan took over, and I was there when he took over, and I felt the energy.
  He picked up the whole damn country and said, stop being embarrassed and stop being ashamed of your country and be proud.
  And I've never seen so many people lifted up by one person trying to bring back freedom.
  And that's the fundamental thing.
  We've got to be free because...
  That's the key to human prosperity, human civilization.
  So what they're wanting, Alex, to get back to what I was saying before, they're wanting to take us back to serfdom.
  This time it'll be a digitally imposed serfdom with restrictions.
  So what they're wanting us to be is producers against serfs and happy little consumers that'll buy only the products that they want to sell us, which would be drugs and diseases that keep us in disease that they don't want to kill us.
  They want to keep us just on the edge of death so that we become lifetime subscribers to Big Pharma.
  I mean, Big Pharma controls 75% of the advertising revenue in your country, not in your show, that's for sure.
  But, you know, defense, they create wars.
  And your country, instead of being the beacon of the world, it's got wonderful people still.
  Americans are just beautiful. I'm married to an American.
  Our kids are dual citizens, so I love Americans.
  But the government of America has now become a terrorist organization, willy-nilly just invading any country at will.
  And that is infected in some of our countries around the world as well, because we just madly follow you into war.
  I mean, it's just insane.
  But the people are starting to...
  Let's talk about that, Senator Malcolm Roberts from Australia, one of the main voices fighting tyranny over there for all of us.
  And if Australia falls into a lower completely, it's going to be bad for everybody.
  Looking at the situation with Russia, Ukraine, looking at the kleptocracy, attempts to kill Trump, what is your view on the war going on there in the Middle East, and then what's your view on President Trump and what would have happened if Trump would have been killed?
  Well, I don't know what would have happened if Trump had been killed, but I'll tell you something I do know, and that is what Pauline Hanson, the leader of our party, and I did in the forecourt of Parliament House in Canberra here in Australia when Donald Trump was elected in 2016.
  We popped a bottle of champagne to celebrate it.
  Now I don't drink, but we had to show our support.
  If America is free, the world has a better chance of being free.
  The only way America can be free again is if Trump gets elected.
  And the globalists are terrified that the media, the mouthpiece media, the big brother media, they're terrified.
  He got them eating themselves.
  I mean, he just stood up to them.
  The man is amazing.
  And so Donald Trump is essential for the whole damn planet.
  Because he is essential.
  Just like Reagan lifted up America, and I get goosebumps just thinking about it.
  Anyway, I won't go back to the details there, but just like Reagan lifted America up again and revitalized America, Trump can.
  America is extremely important to the world.
  We've got to get America back on track.
  And the only person who can get America back on track is Donald Trump.
  And so that's our best hope for the future.
  Senator Roberts, we've only got about three minutes left.
  There I am having champagne with Roger Stone on election night 2016.
  I hope to be doing that again coming up here in 24 days.
  We've got about three minutes. Very impressive what you're doing.
  You're fighting for all of us.
  I want everybody out there to share this interview everywhere and get more Australians awake.
  Every person we wake up is key in this fight.
  People are ready to be awoken.
  Three-minute closing comments, sir.
  I am fiercely pro-human, Alex.
  First of all, I want to thank you for what you're doing.
  You're a beacon of hope around the world.
  I mean, just amazing.
  I'm fiercely pro-human because humans are wonderful.
  We've got some who are parasites, some who are control freaks who want to keep us in fear.
  But we need to remember, always beneath control, there is fear.
  The parasitic globalists are afraid of us.
  And Tucker Carlson came over here and spoke so wonderfully.
  And at the end of his show, he spoke for 50 minutes.
  And at the end of his show, his call to action was one word, speak.
  So everyone around the world, start to realize just how wonderful humans are, how caring we are, how loving we are.
  We're the only ones with the ability to reason.
  The globalists have been telling us that human civilization and the environment are not compatible.
  That is complete bullshit.
  The human civilization, the more, if you go to civilized countries around the world, the higher the development, the lesser the impact on the environment.
  The future of our civilization depends upon having a healthy environment.
  The future of the environment depends upon having a healthy civilization because the higher developed our civilization is, the lesser our impact on the environment.
  That is around the world.
  Go to a poor country in Africa and you'll find them shitting in the creek because they can't afford any services and they're too busy scratching for the next meal for their kids.
  So, look at us here in Australia, in America, civilized, developed countries.
  We have lower impact on the environment.
  But our number one goal they're telling us, the globalists are telling us, should be to protect the environment.
  That is complete horseshit.
  What our number one goal should be is to have our species flourishing, our species to be flourishing.
  So just remember that what they're telling us about our human race is lies.
  What they're trying to do is set us down for control, keep us under fear.
  And what we need to do is to recognize just how wonderful we are.
  Sure, we've got people who go off the rails now and then.
  That's part of natural variation.
  But we've got ways of dealing with that.
  And so just remember that humans, the future of our planet depends upon humans being humans and flourishing.
  So I believe every human should have one goal, and that is for the human species to flourish.
  And that means peace, it means cooperation, it means work, it means free markets, it means free thought, it means free speech, free movement, free travel, free association, free exchange.
  All the things these parasitic bastards of the globalists are trying to get rid of, Alex, is what we need to stand up and fight for.
  Freedom. Freedom of speech, freedom of movement, freedom of travel, freedom of association, freedom of initiative, freedom of religion, freedom of thought, freedom of speech.
  These are the things, fundamental.
  It's like they say, if you're a doctor at a hospital and they bring in some regime like COVID shots mandated them, and you stand up alone, Then you've got a problem.
  But if the doctors stand up, say nine out of the 20 doctors at a regional hospital stand up, the hospital has a problem.
  In a totalitarian government, totalitarian country, the people are controlled by the government.
  In a true democracy, the government is controlled by the people, and that's what we need to get back to.
  Absolutely. We'll only come back if we speak amongst each other and spread the word, spread what's going on.
  So thank you so much. I've got to finish with thanks to you, Alex, because you have been under the pump for years and years and years, and you've been I've been saying the same thing, and now there are many people around the world waking up.
  So thank you and keep going.
  We salute all of you there in Australia.
  A lot of great listeners there. God bless you sir.
  We'll talk soon. Thanks Alex.
  All right. Dr. Stella Emanuel is loaded for bear on all the different news and all the different medical news coming up in Owen Schroeder in one hour.
  I can't do this without you.
  I need your support. Support our sponsors, drjonesnaturals.com.
  You want Next Level Foundational Energy.
  It's not a stimulant, but it does it naturally.
  We're good to go.
  We're also building an infrastructure with folks if they do shut us down in 31 days.
  DrJonesNaturals.com.
  Go there now. Next Level Fundational Energy.
  Cobb and Chill. Rocket Rest.
  Top Brain. The Whole Food Multivitamin.
  Check it all out. Take action.
  DrJonesNaturals.com.
  The Colloidal Silver.
  Highest Quality. It's all there.
  And TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  We have the ultimate CMOS. It's got the iodine and everything else you need.
  And all the t-shirts. We cannot fight the New World Order without you.
  Alright, we're going to end this hour. Stella Emanuel coming up.
  Spread the word. You are the Paul Revere's.
  We'll be right back. As predicted, the Democrats are bringing back mask mandates.
  We're about to break down what's coming next straight ahead.
  Mask mandates are coming back to several Bay Area counties.
  Health officials have issued orders requiring face masks to be worn in hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, and other health care facilities.
  This order goes into effect starting November 1.
  until either the end of March or April 2025.
  Now the counties requiring masks right now are Alameda, Contra Costa, Santa Clara, San Mateo, and Napa County.
  As I told you, my sources inside the Border Patrol and the TSA told me, and then months later the documents came out, that the Biden-Harris administration has been planning to try to bring back mask mandates.
  Now, already in Europe and the UK and Australia and New Zealand, they're trying it as well.
  They're using the PCR test that they turn up 30 to 40 times what it's supposed to be set at.
  To then get a lot of false positives supposedly for COVID. They then use that number to create fear.
  Then the mask is the symbol of fear.
  It's the symbol of their party, the symbol of their submission to medical tyranny.
  Just like the Nazis had their armband.
  It's a symbol of their party, the party of Klaus Schwab and Bill Gates and the UN treaty that just failed to pass that would take over our bodies two months ago.
  But regardless, the Biden-Harris administration has been instrumental in writing the treaty that literally lets Big Pharma and the UN take over our bodies.
  So why are they bringing it back now?
  Again, it creates fear.
  They can then condition the public to take their tenth shot or their ninth booster.
  It's about profits for big pharma.
  And now we know what the FDA warned of in October of 2000 is true.
  It causes massive heart problems, myocarditis, strokes, blood clots, and by your third shot...
  Your white blood cells are turned off.
  It doesn't kill them. They just stop destroying viruses and bacteria.
  So right on time of the election, we see them rolling this out in select counties in California and other areas of New York state.
  In New York, the governor's proposed passing a law that will allow them to arrest anybody they want and quarantine you for any reason.
  The same thing is happening in Australia as well.
  That's why we have to continue to expose the crimes for the last four and a half years with the COVID tyranny and bring these criminals to justice with Nuremberg, too, so they don't bring this system of control back, which they admit is instrumental in a World ID for the central bank digital currency.
  At the heart of it, a social credit score enforced through the vaccine passports.
  They also want internet IDs they're trying to pass in Congress and around the world right now so they can turn off your internet access if you don't submit to them.
  The technocracy is going into place right now.
  But illegal aliens, they don't have to take the shots because they're precious migrants, because the UN even told Reuters they were worried about the liability of the migrants getting sick from the shots, but citizens are supposed to take them.
  And again, whether you're in Australia, New Zealand, Europe, the UK, Canada, the US, it's the exact same COVID policies worldwide because the UN is getting its policies from the Bill of Melinda Gates Foundation on record and the Bill of Melinda Gates Foundation has set the standards globally for the new world ID that again will enforce the social credit score I think?
  That's why it's important we continue to speak out and continue to expose this tyranny because together the outrageous, ridiculous nature of their lies will not stand.
  They said it didn't come out of a lab.
  COVID did. They then said that these mRNA injections would supposedly protect us.
  They don't. They make you get COVID more often.
  They erase your immune system.
  The whole thing was a lie.
  They were the disinformation. They were the frauds and we were the ones that told the truth.
  Please share this report.
  And please follow us on Exit Relox Jones and please support us at this critical time because the deep state has listed Infowars in the entire media worldwide as public enemy number one.
  They're trying to shut down right now.
  Thank you so much for your support.
  Now please share this report.
  The globalist deep state just took their war on free speech and our very identities and our very freedoms to the next level.
  They have now introduced a lawsuit against me where they literally claim they own my name, my social media, and me personally in violation of the 13th Amendment that we fought the Civil War over.
  They're actually saying I'm an indentured servant, that I am a slave.
  Ladies and gentlemen, I'm always the canary in the coal mine.
  I am the test case.
  When they get through me, they're coming after you.
  They're not just saying they own me.
  They've also filed in federal court and also in the state court saying they own the name Alex Jones and that they own real Alex Jones on X. Now, the courts have all said you can't do things like that, but they're trying it, and if I don't aggressively battle them in the state and federal court,
  they will get a win if I don't challenge it, and then they'll be able to use that tactic on you as well.
  And in the words of President Trump, when that bullet grazed his ear, defiantly rising up and saying, fight, fight, fight!
  That's how we fight in the information war, winning hearts and minds.
  And we're unstoppable if you simply decide to take action.
  So for all your word of mouth, all your prayers, and all your support over the years, I salute all of you and remind you that you are the Paul Revere's.
  You are the resistance.
  You are the people.
  And I am so proud to have been working with all of you through the years, and now the fight is entering the most intense part of the phase, so let's redouble our efforts and let's win this thing!
  Or we can roll over and be slaves to the new world order.
  As for me, I'll quote Patrick Henry.
  Give me liberty or give me death.
  And I'll quote Colonel Travis the Alamo.
  Victory or death!
  RealAlexJones.com. TheAlexJonesStore.com.
  Back me and I'll never surrender.
  We're good to go.
  Schmutz sort of staying inside there.
  Of course. You do not need to wear a mask indoors if, in fact, you've been vaccinated.
  Good that you're vaccinated, but in a situation where you have people indoors, particularly crowded, you should wear a mask.
  So even if you are vaccinated, you should wear a mask.
  If, in fact, you are vaccinated, fully vaccinated, you are protected, and you do not need to wear a mask outdoors or indoors.
  When the children go out into the community, you want them to continue to wear masks.
  You know, if you look at children outside, particularly when they're with the family, walking down the street, playing a game or what have you, don't have to wear a mask.
  The Pediatric, the Academy of Pediatric, actually makes that recommendation that children should be wearing masks from two years old.
  Onward. And you're asking now, if your child is a member of your household, can you walk outdoors with your child without a mask?
  According to that chart, the answer is yes.
  But the child can't, not to beat it to death.
  Yes, yes. Because now the CDC says, I mean, I think I've got this right.
  One mask is better than zero masks.
  Two masks is better than one mask.
  But you don't have to have double masks.
  Is that right? I mean...
  You know, it became clear that cloth coverings that you didn't have to buy in a store that you could make yourself were adequate.
  And then you want it to fit better.
  So one of the ways you could do it if you would like to is put a cloth mask over, which actually here and here and here where you could get leakage in is much better contained.
  Are you a double masker, Dr.
  Fauci? Look like you are.
  Scientific studies before this pandemic have shown that low-cost masks, and when we're talking about surgical masks and the cough masks we're wearing, these low-cost masks have four sizes that range between 80 and 500 microns in size, so a huge range, right?
  The diameter of the virus is one micron.
  The largest possible small droplet that comprise a typical aerosol attitude It's 62 microns in diameter.
  So let's talk about that in perspective. The smallest pore size is 80.
  So that means the largest droplet coated with the virus can pass right through.
  So you can find masks, you have three-ply surgical masks, so 15 layers, and you can seal it around the mouth.
  If this is true, the air cells come through, then this should fog up.
  Masks. They had appeared to be a thing of the past, but have you noticed more and more people are covering up as we get deeper into the holiday season?
  Coming off Thanksgiving and more people getting sick in general, masks seem to be on a comeback.
  Can you see that fog? Now watch this.
  I've made a cross. Can you see my eyes through that cross?
  So, there's so much moisture there that you can see.
  Look at that cross pattern.
  There's so much moisture there.
  So, I'm not going to say any more, right?
  All I'm saying, I just went with the science, so...
  This is crazy. With a lot of people, I try to wear a mask because it's kind of, I don't like it.
  I enjoy it, but I don't want to get sick.
  I was ready to stop wearing this one until that new strain came out, the one with the strange name.
  Dr. Shira Daron is the epidemiologist at Tufts Medical Center.
  She says there is an uptick in COVID and all respiratory viruses.
  Dr. Daron says masks have now become an important tool for staying healthy.
  What we have learned from the pandemic is that people can choose to protect themselves with a high quality, well-fitting mask.
  Hello, America.
  This is Dr. Stella Emanuel hosting the Alex Jones Show, Bible Science and Current Events.
  I'm always thankful for Alex to give me the opportunity to come into your home and be able to spend some time with you and host this hour of the show.
  And of course, I deal with Bible, science and current events.
  So I'm going to tell you some things that are happening in the Bible.
  I'm going to tell you about current events.
  I'm going to tell you about some scientific stuff or medical stuff.
  So before we go further, I want us to know about, of course, we know we always have COVID going on.
  We have like a new strain of COVID. It's called the XEC version of COVID. That is a new transmissible, very, very transmissible.
  They say it's actually in the same family line with the Omicron.
  And that's kind of the new version going into the winter right now.
  But the good news about it is that it's not causing the same level of death that things like Delta cost.
  So I don't want people to be terrified about it.
  But here's the issue with COVID, is that people that end up catching COVID always end up having some COVID-19 symptoms, and we don't want that.
  So I'm always telling people right now, you don't need to You don't need to get COVID. It's four years down the line.
  We know how to treat it, and we know how to prevent it.
  And so I tell people, do not wait till you get sick.
  I know in all the distraction of elections and all the hurricanes and wars and everything else that is going on, people tend to forget to look into their health to see what's going on.
  So please, we're still getting on a daily basis, patients calling us that they are sick, they are getting COVID symptoms, and I want everybody to...
  To kind of focus on that and make sure that you're healthy for the winter for you and your family.
  So what I would say, a very simple thing is, zinc helps to mitigate most RNA viruses.
  This includes COVID. It includes the flu, like Zika, dengue fever, and bird flu.
  So many of these viruses, they are RNA viruses.
  So because they are RNA viruses, zinc can help to mitigate it.
  But zinc cannot enter the cell.
  So even the zinc you eat in your regular diet on a daily basis does not have ability to get into the cell by itself.
  That is why... We need a zinc transport system.
  We call it a zinc ionophore.
  That's one of the ways that hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin works.
  But there's an over-the-counter form of it, which we have in our supplements called quercetin.
  So we have vitamin C, zinc, and quercetin.
  And I tell people it's better to take this on a daily basis.
  That's what I've been taking.
  I take it in Covilite because I take it on a daily basis.
  I really have not been sick.
  So I want everybody to get used to the fact that make sure that you're taking your vitamins daily.
  So the way we kind of did it is like for the past four years, we kind of put together vitamin C, zinc and quercetin in different things.
  Like, you know, for people that were having sleep issues, we put it in COVID sleep where we have vitamin C, zinc and quercetin.
  And then we have things like ashwagandha and melatonin.
  So for people that are having sleep disorders, especially with all the stress that came with COVID-19, We're good to go.
  So I would tell everybody, go to our website, DrStellaMD.com, get one of these versions of Covivites.
  Covilite, Covisleep, they all have vitamin C, zinc, and quercetin.
  Now we have a super sale, 40% off.
  And the good news about everything we do on my website is that when you use promo code ALEKS, It actually helps to sponsor this show and also really all the things that Alex Jones is going through right now.
  You know there's a lot of lawfare coming against him right now.
  So we have actually decided in our business model right now in our clinic We're good to go.
  I did that because I believe in Infowars.
  I believe that this show has given a lot of us, the American people, a lot of information has helped us survive, has helped us being able to stand and fight and give us the information that we need to stand and fight.
  So I would tell everybody, please help to support Alex Jones.
  And if you go on our website, drstellamd.com, you use promo code ALEX. We will donate 30% of everything.
  I'm not talking about 30% of profits.
  I'm talking about 30% of gross of whatever we do.
  We're going to donate it to the Alex Jones show so that way it will help Alex to deal with the things that he's dealing with right now.
  So that's one of the things I want to tell people to do.
  It's my pleasure to be able to stand with him, and I want you to, the American people, because I know what he's done for us.
  I know the battle that he's been fighting for generations, for years and years and years, bringing information to us that many other people don't have.
  So I'm really, really honored to be able to network with him.
  I'm honored to be able to support him.
  I'm honored to be able to work with him, and I'm honored to always be on this show to speak.
  So if you go to drselamd.com, Use promo code Alex and you can be able to make sure that whatever you do out there, Alex Jones gets a good help.
  And I tell people too that the winter is coming.
  Everybody should have vitamin C, zinc and quercetin, yes.
  But everybody needs to make sure you get hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin.
  Your medicine cabinet is very annoying and that at this stage, four years down the line, people are still getting sick from COVID and even the flu.
  These are all RNA viruses.
  And like I said, there was a study that was done under Anthony Fauci in 2005 that said chloroquine was a potent inhibitor of SARS-CoV-1.
  So we know that these RNA viruses, really, hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin can help.
  So, to mitigate it.
  So they know, and we know.
  So even though they are not telling us, even though right now most pharmacists are still not filling these prescriptions, even though hospitals have not incorporated this into their pharmaceutical We know that it works.
  And I just want the American people to make sure that they are safe by getting this and putting it in their medicine cabinet.
  We don't know what's going to happen going forward.
  I just know that recently there was an article about the AG in New York trying to ban doctors from prescribing ivermectin.
  And most pharmacists do not feel it.
  So we work with mom and pop pharmacists to be able to get this to you.
  So I want everybody, if there's one thing you can do, go to your doctor, fly to Mexico, go to India, wherever.
  Just please get hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin in your medicine cabinet.
  It can save you. It can save your family.
  It can save you from...
  Serious disease and everything.
  And most importantly, it will stop you from being so fearful so that you don't submit yourself to their vaccinations.
  Because right now they are pushing COVID vaccinations.
  They are pushing monkeypox vaccinations.
  They are pushing bird flu vaccinations.
  It doesn't even make sense. And of course, we still have monkeypox, mpox.
  They have two versions of monkeypox, the Clyde 1 and the Clyde 2.
  We're good to go.
  And we have what we call sericinia purpura, pitcher plant.
  There's an article that I found on the NIH that talked about pitcher plant or sericinia purpura helping with smallpox.
  And smallpox and monkeypox, they're actually in the same group of pox viruses.
  The pox viruses are bigger viruses.
  They are DNA viruses. So zinc doesn't really help with it, but sericinia purpura will help.
  So to build your immunity against monkey pox, I always say just get a bottle of sericinia purpura.
  We call it pox defense on our website.
  Keep it in your medicine cabinet in case it gets more, in case it becomes a serious thing.
  Right now, with about 13,000 positive cases in the past year, I don't know whether it's something for you to be scared about, but I'll just say something for you to be prepared about.
  And of course, as we talk about preparedness, it's always good to be physically prepared.
  Make sure you have food, you stock up food, water and everything so that if something happens, you can be able to feed your family.
  If you go on my Twitter handle, it's called Stella underscore Emmanuel, you will see, you just scroll down, you will see something that I put there called over-the-counter medicines that you will need in an emergency.
  So listen to that Twitter space and put together a solid first aid kit for you and your family.
  Make sure that if something crazy happens, you have a solid first aid kit that can cover you from head to toe because in that Twitter space, we just discussed from audience, I'm very,
  very big into preparedness.
  You know, I've been telling people to be prepared, physically prepared, spiritually prepared, mentally prepared, and medically prepared.
  And, um... So with that said, we are really at a crossroad right now.
  If you scroll on my Twitter handle, you'll see that I've been talking a lot about praying for the nation, praying for the election, just trying to pray and make sure things turn around.
  Most of the time, I talk about science and spirituality, and people are like, Dr.
  Stella, calm down with this spiritual stuff.
  I tell people, if you don't realize that we're in a spiritual battle, then you're not going to be able to have the ability to fight back.
  I know a lot of people would like to stick their head in the sand and say, well, this is just the globalists being mean, or this is just science, or this is just technology.
  But if you listen to what the globalists are saying, people like Yuval Herarinoa, Klaus Schwab, Bill Gates...
  They are all telling you that this is not just something that they are doing in the physical, but it has spiritual implications.
  For example, Yuval Noah tells you that they've hacked the software of life, they've introduced a code into people, and that free will is over and they can actually just cage you and tell you what to do and what to think.
  I've said it for years that when you hear about AI, everybody calls it artificial intelligence.
  And for years, the Lord has just put it in my heart that it's not artificial intelligence, it's alien intelligence.
  And right now, Yuval Noah is talking about it and said, yeah, this is alien intelligence.
  This is a super intelligence, a super being that can make decisions for you and tell you what to do.
  So I want people to realize the battle that we're fighting and be able to respond equally.
  Let's take, for example, the elections.
  We have the elections coming up.
  Remember, like six months ago, Kamala was very...
  She was less popular than even Joe Biden.
  And then all of a sudden something happened and then she got so popular and everybody was like, she's a rock star now.
  I'm like, what? And then so I began to look at this.
  I said, this doesn't sound right.
  So I remember during the DNC convention...
  They packed a Planned Parenthood truck right outside the DNC convention and they killed about maybe 25 to 30 babies.
  They had abortions done right outside the DNC convention in July.
  And a lot of us were like totally aghast.
  How could they do this? This is evil.
  We just looked at it like, well, these Democrats, demon rats, how can they be doing such evil?
  But as I began to pray about it and really look at it, and the Lord put it in my heart that it was a blood sacrifice.
  And if you guys notice, after the DNC convention, all of a sudden, Kamala became a rock star.
  It was like the indignation was turned against Trump and all of a sudden things were just crazy.
  So the Lord just put it in my heart, brought a scripture in the book of Kings that if you do a worthy blood sacrifice, a worthy demonic blood sacrifice, it can actually turn things for you and turn things for you because...
  It's a spiritual battle.
  So in the book of Kings, 2 Kings 3, verse 27, this was a situation where Moab was fighting Israel.
  There was a battle between Moab and Israel.
  Israel was winning the battle.
  God was fighting with Israel.
  Israel was winning the battle. And it states here from verse 27, 2 Kings 3, verse 27.
  It says, We're good to go.
  When the Lord brought this scripture to me, I was aghast.
  So basically, this Moabite king sacrificed his son, took his son that would have raised instead, and sacrificed him as a burnt offering.
  And then guess what? Indignation turned against Israel.
  So all of a sudden, Moab won the battle and Israel was pushed back because they gave a demonic, wealthy sacrifice.
  So when...
  When the Lord brought this to my heart about this DNC convention where they packed a truck and they sacrificed babies, and this became like an indignation turned against the Republican Party, an indignation turned against Trump, and all of a sudden, Kamala was getting really,
  really popular. So, the Lord just put in my heart and said, what kind of sacrifice can the church do?
  What kind of worthy sacrifice can we give to be able to turn this indignation away?
  That is why the Lord brought it in our heart that we need to start a prayer program.
  Jesus died on the cross already so we don't have to do a blood sacrifice because Jesus already shed his blood on the cross.
  But when the Lord Jesus died on the cross, he told us that we should be able to take up our cross if we want to follow him.
  We should deny ourselves, take up our cross and follow after him.
  So he said we need to The church needs to bring now a worthy sacrifice where we become the living sacrifice, where we are able to stop what we're doing and pray and fast for the nation.
  So we started this 40-day program, just 40 days to the election.
  Two weeks ago, it's been like, I think today is day 16.
  We started this prayer program 40 days praying around the clock.
God gave us grace and we have people just coming around the clock just praying and crying out for the nation, crying out, repenting on behalf of the nation, praying that the blood of Jesus will just We're good to go. 
  In fact, in the past two weeks, things have been turning around as Christians have been rising up and praying and I'm telling you, God has been speaking in the hearts of many people.
  There are many Christians all over the country praying and I'm telling you this because you need to come under the program and start praying.
  We need to pray.
  We need to cry out for this nation.
  We need to fight this battle in the spirit.
  And the only way we will win this November is if we fight spiritually.
  I know that everybody is doing what they can in the information war.
  They are doing rallies.
  They are doing everything. But the Bible says that sin is a reproach to a nation.
  Righteousness exalts a nation, but sin is a reproach to any people.
  So if people start doing sinful things in the country, that it will bring the indignation of God against this nation.
  That is why we're saying you need to get together, repent on behalf of the nation, cry out for the nation, pray that the blood of Jesus will atone for our blood guiltiness, because if God could walk with us in America the way we've walked before him, We're good to go.
  And even they're saying swing sets are turning around, things are turning around, and they don't know why.
  Because Christians are praying.
  So I want to, my cry right now is to wake up more and more intercessors.
  Wherever you are, remember, every day, just cry out for the mercy of God.
  Sometimes all we do is just sit down and just cry and say, Oh God, Father, show us mercy.
  Don't let the wicked win.
  Don't let the wicked take over in this country.
  Show us mercy. And you know, and I've been praying, and sometimes when I post things about, you know, we're praying for Trump on my Twitter handle right now.
  There's a whole thing on, if you go on our website, you look on the Better Ranch tab.
  We're doing this 24-hour prayer.
  You can come and join us.
  You know, all Christians call by the name of the Lord.
  You can come and join us. You can travel here to Houston and spend time on the ranch with us to pray.
  We have 24-hour prayer.
  I Accommodation is free.
  That's one of the things that we sponsor.
  We sponsor our prayer program so that people can come and stay for free and pray and worship God.
  You know, so when I say that sometimes, everybody's like, Dr.
  Stella, you're such a spiritual person.
  How come you're supporting Trump?
  After all, he has three baby mamas and maybe he's not even a Christian.
  What are you supporting him for?
  I tell people, I said, you know, I support Trump because God told me to.
  From 2016, the Lord told me...
  I did not start supporting Trump because I know him personally.
  I've never met him. Or because I like or not like him.
  I don't have any emotional stuff about that.
  I support who God tells me to support.
  And I will advise every Christian to take...
  Time of prayer and ask what is God's will for this nation?
  Because when you know what is God's will for a nation, then you can key yourself to that will.
  Because it is so sad to see churches supporting Kamala Harris that supports abortion and supports all kinds of demonic agendas.
  If Kamala Harris comes into the program, we're basically handing our nation to the globalists.
  You understand what I'm saying? I don't have anything personal against her.
  I don't know her that well.
  I don't have anything personal against her.
  I don't have anything personal for Trump.
  But I'm just saying that if I'm going to do what is God's will.
  So people are like, but how can God support Trump?
  After Trump, I might not even be a Christian.
  Oh, he does this. He does that.
  He talks this. I want to let you guys know that God can use anybody.
  When God calls Cyrus, in the book of Isaiah 45, God calls Cyrus, which was a Persian king, his servant, and used him to bring Israel back to build the temple.
  Cyrus was a Babylonian king.
  Cyrus was not expected to become Jewish.
  Cyrus was not expected to do anything but just be there to foster God's agenda.
  If we see Nebuchadnezzar, Nebuchadnezzar was a Babylonian king.
  God practically used Nebuchadnezzar to judge Israel and to take them into captivity.
  But he told Israel to go to Babylon and submit under Nebuchadnezzar because he knew Nebuchadnezzar was going to treat them right.
  He was going to treat them better than other kings since it was their time of captivity.
  In fact, Nebuchadnezzar wrote the fourth chapter of Daniel.
  If you remember Pharaoh in the days of Joseph, Pharaoh was used by God to preserve the world.
  Pharaoh was used by God to preserve the world from famine and Joseph became a governor in Egypt.
  So what I'm trying to say is that God can use anybody.
  And you don't have to be a Christian for God to use you.
  We're not expecting Donald Trump to be the pastor of the nation.
  He's called in the position of the king.
  And when people go about, well, Donald Trump has like questionable behaviors.
  His personal sins, and yes, we also repent on his behalf, but his personal sins is not what is going to bring trouble on the nation.
  Yes, we cry out for God to show him mercy for his own personal issues, and God to give him a mouth and wisdom, and God to give him favor, and God to give him the right word to speak to the American people, to bring the heart to the people.
  We pray for that.
  So as I come back, I'm going to explain a little more about why we need to make sure that we're looking at it the proper way when we're supporting Trump and know what to tell our family and friends when they say things like, well, Trump might not be a Christian.
  So I'm going to be back to talk a little more about that.
  God bless you. There are, of course, those who do not want us to speak.
  Let me think. Just let me think. Even now, orders are being shouted into telephones, and men with guns will soon be on their way.
  It's Chancellor Settler. Damn it!
  Why? Because while the truncheon may be used in lieu of conversation, words will always retain their power.
  Words are for the means to meaning, and for those who will listen, the enough.
  The truth is, there is something terribly wrong with this country, isn't there?
  You designed it, sir. You wanted it foolproof.
  You taught me every television in London.
  Cruelty and injustice, intolerance and depression.
  And where once you had the freedom to object, to think and speak as you saw fit...
  You now have sensors and systems of surveillance coercing your conformity in your submission.
  We need cameras. How did this happen?
  Who's to blame? Well, certainly there are those who are more responsible than others.
  They will be held accountable.
  But again, truth be told, if you're looking for the guilty, you need only look into a mirror.
  I know why you did it.
  I know you were afraid.
  Who wouldn't be? War?
  Terror? Disease? There were a myriad of problems which conspired to corrupt your reason and rob you of your common sense.
  Fear got the best of you, and in your panic you turned to the now High Chancellor Adam Sutler.
  He promised you order, he promised you peace, and all he demanded in return was your silent, obedient consent.
  There is a war.
  It's happening now.
  It will decide the fate of humanity.
  The time to choose sides has come.
  We are the resistance.
  We are the Infowar.
  As you know, I am fighting the deep state to keep my broadcast on air.
  But if you simply support my sponsors, we will stay on the air one way or another.
  So I thank you for your past support.
  But I try to make it easy for you to support our sponsors by bringing you the very best products.
  This product, Optimal Human, is simply game-changing.
  Now, as you know, green superfoods for decades have been all the rage because they really work and because you absorb things better in the gut.
  And there's a lot of great ones out there.
  But ladies and gentlemen, Optimal Human has the highest quality ingredients, 90 plus ingredients.
  It does amazing things.
  I've been taking it for months, and I want you to get it.
  And understand this, its leading competitor is amazing.
  And I've been using it and love it.
  But this has the same ingredients and even more, and it's stronger, and it's the same serving amount, but for a lower price.
  So the leading competitor, everybody knows their name.
  It starts with A and ends with G. This is amazing.
  Go to thealexjonesstore.com and get Opal Human.
  Hey, America. I am back with Bible Science on current events.
  In fact, we just had this news flash from...
  California, Gavi Newsome.
  In fact, if you can play that video, I can kind of comment on Crazy Gavi and see what he's doing right now in California or what he's planning to do so that at least we can know what to do.
  Mask mandates are coming back to several Bay Area counties.
  Health officials have issued orders requiring face masks to be worn in hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, and other healthcare facilities.
  This order goes into effect starting November 1 until either the end of March or April 2025.
  Now, the counties requiring masks right now are Alameda, Contra Costa, Santa Clara, San Mateo, and Napa County.
  Yeah, that's crazy.
  Remember I talked earlier about the new COVID strain, the XEC COVID strain that is coming.
  It's part of Omicron and they want to bring us back to wearing masks.
  I've said this many, many times that putting on these face diapers and all these cloth masks that we wear to filter COVID is like putting on a chain link fence to filter a mosquito.
  They don't work. The kind of mask that it would take to filter a virus is like a serious medical mask that has to be fitted properly.
  So I do believe that putting the mask on our faces is just part of mind control because if you're going to be wearing masks, you're going to think that something crazy is happening and you're about to die and then you can accept the new vaccinations that they have coming out.
  So, I would tell people, yes, we have a new COVID strain.
  It is called the XEC. They're going to have COVID. We're going to have flu, but flu.
  We have RSV and many other viruses that are coming this winter, and it's really going to be serious.
  We know that. But remember that we do have treatment options for this.
  I tell people right now it's time to start taking your vitamin C, D, zinc and quercetin.
  We have it in Covivites, in Covilite, in Covisleep.
  Like I said, we have a whole 40% off going on on our website.
  You can buy them anywhere.
  But take this vitamin C, D, zinc and quercetin.
  Build your immunity against all these RNA viruses so that you're not scared into wearing a mask or you're not scared into taking a vaccine.
  Because for real, winter is coming.
  And as winter is coming, people are going to get sick because these viruses are still around.
  COVID right now is endemic.
  I really have not been sick in the past four years because I take COVID daily.
  And right now, if I'm going out in a crowd or there are people, I just take hydroxychloroquine weekly.
  So... Hydroxychloroquine, ivermectin, get it in your medicine cabinet right now before you get sick, before somebody gets sick.
  Because even though the Omicron 1, the XEC, is not as deadly as the Delta, but people that have...
  We're good to go.
  And of course, people that already took the vaccine, it is even more important because their immunity is compromised.
  It is even more important that they get the vitamins that they need to keep their immunity up because, you know, we get a lot of sick patients that are already vaccinated and they get sicker than regular patients.
  So please, America, please.
  You're going into this winter.
  Be prepared for yourself.
  Prepare your family. Take the vitamins that you need.
  We even have gummies for children that have vitamin C, D, zinc, and elderberry.
  Elderberry is also an ionophore that will open zinc channels and allow zinc to go into your cell.
  So... I know California always does the craziest stuff, but when they start it, you know that something is coming.
  So please, be prepared.
  And of course, if you go on our website, anything you get on our website, if you use promo code Alex, you will get a discount.
  It is so important that we support Alex Jones at this time with everything that is going on.
  So if you go to our marketplace, stock up on your vitamins to last you throughout the winter, please do that.
  I'm giving 30% of everything you spend on our website to Alex so that it can help him to fight some of these battles that he's fighting.
  America, we need to stand with this man because we know what he's been through.
  We know where he's been.
  We know how much he's been there for us.
  We know that he's just being...
  He's being targeted and everything is happening right now because he's been there giving information.
  They'll do anything they can to try to take Alex Jones down.
  So we have to make sure that we support him.
  I am one of his greatest supporters because I believe in this work that he's doing.
  And so should you.
  So go to the Alex Jones store.
  Make sure you're buying and you're shopping.
  You're getting vitamins from Dr.
  Stella MD or whoever else is...
  Sponsors that he's had, please America, we can't...
  The only way we can fight this battle with him is by being able to support him financially because legal fees and just...
  I mean, you cannot even begin to imagine right now what...
  We're good to go.
  You can get it in COVID sleep.
  If you have sleep problems, you can get it in COVID light.
  If you like electrolytes, if you have, or just COVID light.
  If you have allergy problems, you can get it in COVID spray and, you know, do whatever you need to do to be healthy and get hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin in your medicine cabinet.
  It's prescription. We will ship it in all 50 states to your house.
  Make sure you do it now before you get sick.
  Don't wait till you get sick and call me to come get you out of the hospital.
  And of course, the election is coming.
  As I was talking earlier about Trump and why I support Trump, because the Lord told me to.
  That's what I'll say, because I'm a spiritual person.
  I do things by when I pray and God speaks to me.
  That's what I do. And of course, I'm not the only person that has brought this up.
  I'm not the only person that got told about Trump.
  He called Trump for this time.
  Trump accepted this call and he has lost so much.
  Business, everything, favor.
  People that used to like him, they've turned against him.
  His family has done so much for this nation.
  His family has lost so much for this nation.
  I would just say that we need to make sure that we're seeing the sacrifice that he's giving and be able as Christians to sacrifice also to pray for our nation.
  You know, I was mentioning something about Trump's personal issues.
  People are like, well, Trump has three baby mamas.
  Trump doesn't do this. Trump is a loud mouth.
  Trump doesn't. He's not really a Christian.
  On the contrary, Trump will stand out and say that he is working for God, basically.
  I don't think he's, you know, tongue-talking, you know, pew-jumping Christian.
  And he doesn't need to be. Because he's not called to be the pastor of this nation.
  He's called to be in the office of the king or the office of leadership.
  And his personal sins, the nation doesn't go into judgment because of the personal sins of the leaders.
  Okay, let's look at an example in the Bible.
  Look at King David. King David was a man after God's heart.
  King David actually took somebody's wife and then arranged for the person to be killed.
  That was his personal sins.
  And he paid dearly. He got his own personal judgment for that and he paid dearly for it.
  But he was still a man after God's heart and he led Israel into righteousness.
  But look at somebody like King Ahab.
  King Ahab had one wife, Jezebel.
  King Ahab was a good husband.
  In fact, King Ahab was a henpecked wife because he listened to his wife and did whatever his wife said.
  But King Ahab's wife was a witch and they led Israel into witchcraft and into captivity.
  So even though King Ahab had one wife and looked like the perfect husband and wife...
  Does not mean that he was godly.
  So even King David had personal sins, but his personal sins did not bring Israel into captivity.
  It is not personal sins that bring a nation into captivity.
  It's legislated sin.
  It was legislated sin that threw Daniel in the lion's den.
  It was legislated sin that threw Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego in the furnace of fire.
  It is not personal sin that will destroy a land.
  It's legislated sin.
  It is when the Democrats decide to legislate, plan parenthood, kill babies, and do all kinds of demonic stuff.
  When the leader of a nation decides to legislate evil, that nation comes under judgment.
  I'm saying this to say that if you look at the agenda of Democrats and the agenda of Republicans, regardless of the personal sins of the politicians, you will see that the Democratic agenda will bring this nation into captivity.
  The Democratic agenda will turn our nation over to the globalists, will turn our nation over to the elite, which are the people right now, the one world government that want to catch humanity, bring a digital ID, turn us to human 2.0 and turn us to transhumanism.
  So, If we do not get a break right now where Trump comes into power and gives us four years to be able to disciple the nation back to God, I'm not saying Trump is coming there to take us into righteousness, but he will give room for the church to operate.
  Right now, we even have a meeting in North Carolina later this month where Trump is meeting with evangelical pastors from all over the nations, reaching out to the church.
  So I believe that Trump's time will give the church a better way to operate in the land, a better leeway to operate in the land.
  So that is why I'm saying that we have to pray for this.
  If we as the church pray that the veil will come off the minds of people, I read an article.
  There's a whole Facebook group.
  You can see it on my Twitter handle.
  There's a whole Facebook group where witches are gathering together to curse Trump, to bind Trump.
  Witches getting together to come against President Trump and bind President Trump.
  I mean, that's crazy. If he's gotten to a place where witches are gathering to fight against somebody, then you must realize that there's something about that person that is righteous.
  You know something? That is going to bring righteousness.
  In fact, if you look at Kamala...
  The word Kamala is actually a Hindu goddess, a Hindu god called Lutus, which is supposed to be a goddess of, it's like a marine goddess.
  It makes me think about the woman that sits upon many waters, the Babylonian woman that sits upon many waters, and the Babylonian system, that is going to destroy the world in the end times.
  Names are very important.
  So I wrote about this on my Twitter handle, Stella underscore Emmanuel.
  You can see all this there.
  So I'm saying that if we are looking at, This nation and seeing how America is going to survive in this end time.
  We have to fight because America is the only country right now that is standing right now.
  Many nations are digitalized already.
  Many nations have been captured and fallen already.
  So we are the last bus stop.
  And when America sneezes, the whole world catches a cold.
  So there are people praying for this nation already.
  We're good to go.
  I told one Christian lady, a minister of the gospel, I said, do you know that the DNC, they packed a truck and they killed 30 babies during their DNC convention?
  The woman was aghast.
  She didn't even know about it.
  So pray that these things will be exposed so that Christians are making righteous decisions because our vote counts.
  So that is what I'm saying.
  So we'll just pray that God will give President Trump favor.
  We pray that God will protect him as he has been protecting me right now.
  We pray that God will expose We pray that the will of the American people will come to pass.
  That they will not be bewitched.
  Because like I said, witches are sitting down and praying and influencing the minds of people.
  Yuval Noah said it, that free will is over.
  That they can influence your mind during the election.
  So we pray that the veil will come off the minds of people and this will be broken and people will make an informed choice for what is good for their nation, not bewitched to making choices because of that.
  So this is why we have to pray.
  So I'm praying that Americans will wake up and will pray.
  And we had a, somebody sent an email the other day, you know, to this show.
  And one of the things they were talking about, they were just crying that, you know, they are going through a lot and God is not answering them.
  In fact, the guy said that, you know, he had been on drugs and alcohol and everything.
  And three weeks ago, he stopped doing drugs and everything.
  And the devil is just attacking him and God is not answering him.
  He's so angry. Why is God not answering him?
  And, you know, his mother did this and that and God is not answering him.
  So, I know that a lot of people are going through a lot because, like I said, there's a whole demonic stuff going on in the world right now.
  And because of all the level of evil that is in the land, a lot of people are under a lot of demonic oppression.
  A lot of patriots that are fighting this battle are coming under attack.
  And let me tell you, the reason why most people are coming under attack is because their lives are not clean.
  Listen, the Bible says that if you break the hedge, the snake will bite.
  You cannot continue to live in the house of Pharaoh and then you want to fight Pharaoh.
  The reason why a lot of Christians are going under attack, a lot of patriots are going under attack, is because you're trying to fight the devil and you are living.
  You're still living in sin, living in unrighteousness, and living in the devil's camp.
  The Bible says in the book of Proverbs 28, 13, that he that covered his sin shall not prosper.
  But whosoever confesses and forsakes his sins shall have mercy.
  Psalm 66 verse 18.
  If I regard iniquity in my heart, God will not answer my prayers.
  1 John 1, 8 and 9 said, If we have no sin, we deceive ourselves.
  But if we confess our sins, God is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
  Second Timothy 20-22 says that, you know, in a great house there are vessels of gold, vessels of silver.
  If we cleanse ourselves, if we purge ourselves of these things, we will become vessels of gold, we will become sanctified and fit for the master's use.
  So the reason a lot of people are under attack is because you are still living in the devil's camp.
  As long as you're still living in sin and iniquity and you're not serving God with all your heart.
  You're not following the rules of engagement.
  God has no obligation to answer the prayer of a sinner.
  God has no obligation to answer your prayer if you're still living in sin.
  And why do I say this?
  Because you've got to recognize that sin brings reproach.
  Sin opens the door for the devil to attack you.
  Not only sin, but also living in a worldly way, not really following God.
  For God to be able to walk with you, you have to make sure that you're in his camp.
  Do you understand what I'm saying? If you have a father that loves you very much, you never talk to the father, you never see the father, you're only hanging around with your neighbors, you're hanging around with your father's enemies, you're hanging around with the hoodlooms that come to break your house all the time,
  your father can't help you even though he loves you.
  So yes, God loves us and wants us to live lives...
  We're good to go.
  Basically, you've taken yourself out of God's camp and you become a play for the devil.
  He can beat you up anytime he likes.
  He can harass you, bring sickness, bring medical stuff in your life.
  You know what I'm saying? Make you live in sin and iniquity.
  Why am I saying this?
  The level of your sanctification is the level of your authority.
  And the level of your consecration.
  Consecration means being set apart for God.
  The level of your consecration is the level of your power.
  If you want to walk in power, walk in a place where the enemy doesn't have a room in your life, you have to close all the doors that brings the enemy in.
  And how do you close those doors?
  First of all, give your life to Jesus.
  If you're listening to me You've not given your life to Jesus.
  Or you're listening to me and you've given your life to Jesus.
  Or you're going to church, but you've never really totally surrendered your heart to him.
  I want you to pray with me.
  Say, Lord Jesus, I know I have sinned against you.
  Lord Jesus, have mercy on me.
  I know you died on the cross for me.
  Come into my heart. Be my Lord and personal Savior.
  Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
  Come into my heart. Teach me the way of the Lord.
  And fill me up and use me for your glory.
  If you pray that prayer, the Lord Jesus will come into your heart.
  Then you have to move to the next level, which is sanctification.
  Sanctification is a work of the Holy Spirit.
  It is the Holy Spirit that helps you deal with the drinking and the smoking and the craziness and the gossiping and the lying.
  But if you don't recognize that those things are wrong, you will not ask God for help.
  But if you recognize that those things are wrong, then you will ask God for help.
  You'll be like, okay, Lord, I'm still having desire to watch pornography.
  I'm still having desire to smoke or drink.
  Lord Jesus, have mercy on me.
  Help me. Take these desires out of me.
  Clean me from this sin.
  Clean me from this unrighteousness so that I can walk with you.
  Because if you're living in sin, you block your heavens.
  And the Bible says if you just even think about sin, God will not answer your prayers.
  God doesn't answer prayers of sinners.
  So if you're still living in deliberate God will not answer your prayers.
  The second thing that I would advise you to do is make sure that on a daily basis, you live a life of repentance.
  You see, when you get saved, there is remission of sins.
  Your sins are washed away.
  But on a daily basis, because we're humans and we will always make mistakes, on a daily basis, as you make mistakes, you need to always come back to God in repentance.
  So repentance should be a daily walk for every one of us.
  That is one thing that has been stolen from the church.
  So before you get into prayer, always ask God to forgive you, to cleanse you from all unrighteousness so that your prayers can be heard.
  Because you and I sin on a daily basis.
  I bet not deliberately, but because we're human, we're apt to sin.
  You know, and when you're praying for somebody, maybe for your child or you're praying for this nation, you're praying for Trump, you're praying for whoever, before you start intercession, you're not to first ask God to forgive you of your own sins, cleanse you from unrighteousness, come through the blood of Jesus.
  That way you are clean and you're righteous before God and you become the righteousness of Christ.
  You are reconciled in that moment and then you can become a minister of reconciliation.
  So when you're praying for people, praying for the land, praying for the nation, praying for revival, praying for the church, praying for your family, maybe your child that is out there on the streets, remember that they are sinning against God.
  Remember, the nation is sinning against God.
  So for us to intercede for this nation, we always have to bring repentance on behalf of the nation.
  Bring repentance on behalf of that child you're praying for.
  We're good to go.
  And as you're repenting and crying out before God, you're standing.
  It's like you're an intercessor.
  You're standing in the gap.
  You're touching God and you're touching the person that you're praying for.
  You become a minister of reconciliation.
  That is the way to pray.
  If we don't understand the rules of engagement in prayer, we come to God in pride and our prayers are not answered.
  So you come in repentance for yourself.
  Ask the veil to come off your eyes so that you can see the truth, see the light of God.
  Read the Bible, know God for yourself, and then as you are interceding for your family, for the nation, for the election, make sure you bring repentance on behalf of whoever you're interceding for.
  If you want to pray for a region, for revival, the people in that region are sinning against God, and the devil has a right to be in that region.
  So you have to pray and repent on behalf of the people in that region, so that way, when you're praying, God can hear your prayers.
  God can look from heaven and see us through the blood of Jesus.
  It brings you to the throne of grace.
  It brings you to the mercy seat.
  And at the mercy seat, we have favor with God.
  At the mercy seat, our sins are forgiven.
  At the mercy seat, there's deliverance, there's healing, there's restoration.
  So I'm just kind of teaching you all this so that you are not crying every day that, oh, this is happening to me.
  God is not answering my prayers.
  The reason why God is not asking our prayers is because we have not repented from our sins.
  And when you start repenting from your sins and crying out before God, I believe that God will intervene for you, for your family, for your children.
  You understand what I'm saying? And God will not just intervene as you spend time with Him.
  He will also change you from the inside out.
  So that the ungodly desires you used to have will change.
  The smoking you used to want to do, the stealing, the lying and everything.
  Those ungodly desires, the cursing and everything will turn around as you come closer and closer to the Lord.
  I pray that. So well, so go to our website, drselamd.com, on the Better Ranch tab.
  You can come join us in prayer.
  We're not streaming online because we really were spending hours and hours in prayer.
  And, you know, streaming sometimes can be very distracting.
  So if you go to drselamd.com, you click on the Better Ranch tab.
  You can register. You can come.
  Accommodation is free. That's some of the things that we do.
  When you support us on our website, when you buy stuff on our website, It goes to pay up for some of these things that we do.
  We do food pantries and all kinds of stuff that we do to help people out and do that.
  So make sure, before I go, make sure that this winter that is coming, that you're medically safe, that you get hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin in your medicine cabinet.
  All 50 states make a telemedicine appointment and then...
  Make sure that we will ship this stuff to you.
  Go on the marketplace, get your vitamin C, zinc and quercetin in whichever part that you like, whether it's the sleep, whether it's Covilite.
  I like Covilite. Many people love Covilite because it gives you energy and it's a boost that has all the vitamins you need.
  So get it on our website.
  Use promo code ALEX. I am telling you, every time right now, with promo code ALEX, we're donating at least We're good to go.
  He gets a big chunk of whatever you're doing on our website.
  And please, pray.
  Pray for our nation. Fight for our nation.
  Remember, you and I have been given authority over this nation.
  We've been given authority over our generation.
  God gave us custody of this world.
  And we should make sure that we keep that custody of this world.
  And we fight for our nation.
  And we will win in Jesus' name.
  Thank you very much. God bless you.
  This is Dr. Stella Emanuel. Bible Science and Current Events.
  Here's your chance to keep my broadcast, which the globalists absolutely hate, which is devastating them, on the air and empower your body, your overall health, your immune system, your mental clarity.
  Now, anybody that knows about supplements and what is the most popular stuff out there knows that Irish sea moss has compounds in it that make it arguably the greatest superfood out there.
  It's got one of the best bioavailable forms of iodine in it.
  It's got all these key minerals, all of these key vitamins, and a bunch of other what they call ring structures involved in it that help the vitamins and minerals and other compounds like iodine get directly into your cells.
  So, you want to go to thealexjonesstore.com and get this incredible CMOS product that is called Alex Jones' Ultimate CMOS. You will immediately feel the energy and the mental clarity.
  And within a few weeks, the iodine in your cells really starts to kick in, and that's what you feel We're good to go.
  In the face of the leftist tyrants that want to silence all of us.
  So, it is a 360 win to keep my broadcast on the air, one way or another, when you go to thealexjonesstore.com and get Ultimate CMOS and some of the other products that are there.
  I can't do this without your help.
  I try to bring you products that I know are really going to work so you'll love them, so you'll come back and get them again and again.
  I will never give up.
  I will never sell out. I will never back down.
  But we could give out without your support.
  Look, the globalists with all their big fake lawsuits and rig courts openly told me, stop promoting the Second Amendment.
  Stop promoting Trump. We'll drop all this.
  They literally think that I will buckle to them, that I will bow to them, that I will give in to them.
  I will never do that.
  I will never sell out.
  It's impossible. I can't even think about it.
  But... I could give out, as I keep saying.
  So please keep us on the air.
  We have broken so many huge stories.
  We've exposed the poison shots, the open borders, the globalist pedophile rings, the World War III situation.
  Almost everybody I interview that's prominently fighting the New World Order now says I woke them up.
  People like Tucker Carlson.
  Alex Jones is the most extraordinary person I've ever met.
  So the show has been a devastating weapon against the New World Order.
  But it cannot continue on, no matter what happens to InfoWars here in the next few weeks, without your support.
  So please make the decision now to keep me on air and to keep the crew working and to keep the special reports coming out by going to thealexjonesstore.com and getting the ultimate CMOS, getting t-shirts, hoodies, ball caps, new designs being added, limited edition, super high quality at thealexjonesstore.com.
  Again, I humbly thank you for all your support and I ask you to please keep me in the game.
  Make the decision now to go to thealexjonesstore.com and God bless you all.
  Thank you.