InfoWars.
  Tomorrow's News.
  today.
  Usually, the mentally retarded are divided into classifications.
  The Educable.
  The Trainable.
  And the Custodial.
  Obviously, we can only assess the abilities or potential of the mentally retarded on an individual basis.
  Seemingly random motions and movements are fairly common among the custodial retarded, and they may take many forms.
  Sometimes there are motions which seem to have no meaning whatever, and may even cause unintentional self-inflicted injuries.
  The vast majority of the mentally retarded are intelligent enough that they can be taught a great many things.
  However, there's a wide range of ability, even among those considered educable.
  And their ability to learn obviously varies according to their level of intelligence.
  Equally important is a stimulating environment.
  However, we must remember to set realistic standards that are not too high for the individual.
  Many of the trainable retarded can learn to take certain kinds of household responsibilities, some of which may be more complex than they are usually given credit for.
  It would be wrong to expect a mentally retarded person to become a master craftsman.
  The standards are too high.
  But even in the skilled trades, for example, the mentally retarded can be trained to become valuable assistants.
  Who are the mentally retarded?
  they are people. They come in both sexes and in all sizes, shapes, creeds and colors.
  Wherever people live, there also live the mentally retarded.
  If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blaming it on you.
  If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you, but make allowance for their doubting too.
  If you can wait and not be tired by waiting, or being lied about, don't deal in lies.
  Or being hated, don't give way to hating, and yet don't look too good, nor talk too wise.
   If you can dream and not make dreams your master, if you can think and not make thoughts your aim, if you can meet with triumph and disaster and treat those two impostors just the same, if you can bear to hear the truth you've spoken twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools, or watch the things you gave your life to broken and stoop and build them up with worn-out tools, If you can make one heap of all your winnings And risk it on one turn of pitch and toss And lose and start again at your beginnings And never breathe a word about your loss If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew To serve your turn long after they are gone And so hold on when there is nothing in you Except the will which says to them, hold on
  If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue, or walk with kings, nor lose the common touch.
  If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you.
  If all men count with you, but to none too much.
  If you can fill the unforgiving minute with sixty seconds worth of distance run.
  Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it.
  And, which is more, we'll be a man, my son.
  There are, of course, those who do not want us to speak.
  Let me think, just let me think!
  I suspect even now, orders are being shouted into telephones and men with guns will soon be on their way.
  It's Chancellor Sutler.
  Damn it!
  Why?
   Because while the truncheon may be used in lieu of conversation, Words will always retain their power.
  Words are for the means to meaning, and for those who will listen, the enunciation of truth.
  The truth is, there is something terribly wrong with this country, isn't there?
  You decided, sir.
  You wanted it foolproof.
  You told me every television in London!
  Cruelty and injustice.
  Cameras.
   a depression, and where once you had the freedom to object, to think and speak as you saw fit, you now have sensors and systems of surveillance coercing your conformity and selecting your
  submission.
  Cameras.
  We need cameras.
  How did this happen?
  Who's to blame?
   Well, certainly there are those who are more responsible than others, and they will be held accountable.
   But again, truth be told, if you're looking for the guilty, you need only look into a mirror.
  I know why you did it.
  I know you were afraid.
  Who wouldn't be?
  War?
  Terror?
  Disease?
  There were a myriad of problems which conspired to corrupt your reason and rob you of your common sense.
  Fear got the best of you, and in your panic you turned to the now High Chancellor, Adam Sutler.
  He promised you order, he promised you peace, and all he demanded in return was your silent, obedient consent.
  To be continued...
  There is a war...
  It's happening now.
  It will decide the fate of humanity.
  The time to choose sides has come.
  We are the resistance.
  We are the InfoWar.
  You are listening to an InfoWars.com Frontline Report.
  If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance.
  So I went off air about an hour and a half ago and I said this could be InfoWars last show because I learned yesterday that they were going to padlock the doors and kick us out last night.
  And again, I'm not blaming the security companies.
  Probably the security company I hired like eight years ago for other work, six, seven years ago for here.
  There's a CRO, there's a bankruptcy.
  And I saw the guard kind of acting weird, looking at me weird.
  He looked really conflicted.
  I knew the guy well, and I could tell.
  That just came to me.
  I'm like, oh, there's something going on.
  They're going to shut us down tonight.
  So I went, oh, hey, so what's happening tonight with more guards coming in?
  They're like, well, how do you know about that?
  So I literally just go with my instincts now, because I always ignored my whole life.
  And now I'm just religiously following.
  I was talking about that on Friday's show.
  It's the Holy Spirit, folks.
  It's not me.
  And discovered this whole plan to shut us down.
  And so today I went on an emergency broadcast at 10 a.m.
  at Daniel Esselstyn for a few hours, covered some of the stuff that was going on, aired a recording.
  I've recorded like five people before.
  One was Megan Kelly, a few other people, and they're just saying outrageous shit.
  And so I recorded this.
  I recorded some other stuff that I haven't released yet.
  And when I went off air, I said, in about one hour, we're going to get a call.
  They're going to tell the security to shut this place down.
  And sure enough, the CRO was appointed by the court.
  He told them to do it, and the people were smart enough to not do it, because you gotta have a core order, you gotta have a reason.
  So it's a soluble company that is solvent, not soluble, but solvent.
  And so I went, okay, well, we're gonna go back on air.
  And then everybody batted around, and there was consensus, and all these lawyers and people.
  Oh, actually, there is no law to shut down InfoWars.
  But again, these people don't care.
  There's also a one-dimensional view, and it's not the judge himself, he's been very fair.
  There's a one-dimensional view that the person I exposed, Pat McGill, who's watching right now, thinks he shuts this building down and he stops it.
  It's called, I don't, McGill, you don't know this stuff, it's called the Streisand Effect.
  You might want to do a little research on the Streisand Effect, just for yourself.
  See, because I don't set up Machiavellian stuff, but when somebody tries it on me, I'll out Machiavelli.
   So, so, so, this is what's going on.
   And I put up a year ago with him filing a thing in the court that I was stealing money with no proof
   that I already filed in the court of the sponsors we had,
  we were trying to bring over on a clear bankruptcy.
   'Cause I was at bankruptcy when Free Speech was, trying to bring it over and I had to deal with the last CRO.
   And then he filed three months ago in March, another secret filing with the court
  saying Alex Jones stole money.
  Alex Jones is incompetent.
  Alex Jones is a horrible person, I need to be able to fire him.
  And then when I got this from the court, because the judge sent it to my lawyers, I called him and he called me back and I said, what is this?
  He started saying, I never did that, it's not real, it didn't happen.
  A week later in court he admitted he did it.
  And the judge slapped him down and said, Mr. Jones is the head of the company, you're just the manager that reports back to the court.
  So there's this gaslighting going on.
  Oh, why are you being mean?
  Why are you... Listen, when he first did that, when I had sponsors that I had personally, and John Harmon's been here 21 years, was the manager of just actually one sponsor, a satellite phone company, and I was in meetings with my lawyers and filed the court.
  Hey, I had this money from a satellite phone.
  I have now declared bankruptcy.
  I was already putting part of it into the deal.
  That was my agreement with the last CRO.
  I'd like to bring this money in.
  He killed the other $12 million of advertising.
  I said, let's bring back the advertising and John Harmon should be the manager.
  Oh, yeah, we'll talk about that later.
  And then went and filed in the court that he discovered money with the Justice Department already involved in the case with the U.S.
  trustee.
  I mean, I've been interrogated and deposed.
  At my depositions, the Justice Department lawyers are there as if I would like engage in a crooked toenail during this.
  So everybody's like, oh, just take it.
  You know, you're really being a troublemaker.
  You know, you didn't like I did this.
  He follows it again.
  He does it again secretly.
  The judge gets pissed off at him because the great top lawyer they had for free speech systems wasn't my lawyer, but he was here previously for the bankruptcy.
  They fired the first CRO.
  He wasn't a bad guy.
  I just knew what he was doing.
  The judge did that.
  I didn't even ask for that.
  Then he didn't like Ray Battaglia because he's like a top guy and flies straight.
  And so they get rid of him, and the judge gets really pissed at Pat McGill, who's watching right now.
  And I mean, Pat, dude, you can't attack people and say they're taking money illegally, and they're doing all this, and then call them up and say, I didn't file that, when I had the goddamn file with your name on it, and later in court you admitted you did it.
  And the judge said, no, you're not taking over InfoWars, you're not firing Alex Jones, you're not in control of the company.
  So this is even about keeping InfoWars going.
  I'm not, whatever happens, happens.
  This is about my integrity.
  I don't take stuff lying down.
  Okay?
  So, so, I mean, I don't know, cause I was so nice and put up with a bunch of bullshit that you thought you had some candy ass that was just here to take the stuff.
  And so, hey, you can convince somebody.
  Because I explained this and I told the lawyers the law and I showed it to them.
  Like, when the lockdowns were happening four years ago, my crew's great, they're smart, but I read the federal law, the media exempted itself as essential.
  And I said, we're a media company, or any food company, we're both, because they call supplements food, and we sell food, that's what they call us, food.
  You cannot shut that down, it's essential.
  And the crew wasn't believing that, and a bunch of people didn't want to come to work, and they're like, no, no, we're not going to violate the law anywhere else.
  And I got mad at folks, called them into a meeting, I said, here's the damn federal law.
  And of course it came out it was right.
  So I know how to read a law.
  I know how to do stuff.
  So I start calling the lawyers.
  I said, listen, you got to have an order by a court to close the doors and fire people.
  You can't, and by the way, McGill's like, well, I'm just going to get rid of the talk show host and cut the feed off and end the show.
  But just two weeks, like flatten the curve.
  First, it was a few days ago.
  It was actually two weeks.
  But I'm going to keep the security and all of his people that are in the few people that are in the administrative end, so he can continue to run things.
  I said, oh wait, how are, to his lawyers, how are you going to say the people you want to stay on, but the talk show host, that are the essential thing for this operation and for this, quote, estate for the creditors, how are you going to do that?
  I mean, they know what to say.
  So then I explained to him today, again, I said, go check the law.
  You can't do that without a court order.
  And if Judge Lopez on Monday says, shut this down, then I'll abide by it, and that's the way it is.
  I think it's a stupid move, but I think it's going to happen.
  I think Pat McGill's going to get removed on Monday, the emergency hearing in Houston.
  But whatever happens, I'm not worried about it, because I'm not going to sit here and take this.
  It's not because I want to fight with people.
  It's because I'm not bending over and taking a bunch of bullshit.
   So, The reason he panicked, McGill panicked, watching the live show and ran around and said, get him off the air, turn him off right now, throw him out of the building.
  And finally people talked to lawyers and said, we can't do that.
  It's because he heard me say, I've got other information.
  So I'm gonna explain it real slow for you, Pat.
  I'll be on Tucker Carlson in three days if I want to.
  I'll be on Joe Rogan if I want to.
  I can put this out a thousand places.
  You're a fool.
  The Internet's meant to take a nuclear strike to keep information going.
  So this building, I'm sentimental about it.
  I care about the crew.
  We've got a great team.
  I don't want that to happen.
  But you have to understand that you've crossed the Rubicon here, buddy boy.
  And so now you're in a real world situation.
  So this is all about, oh, you're going to creep around in the background.
  You're going to do all this stuff.
  No, you're not.
  Where's my phone?
  I'll pull up the other stuff right now, okay?
  That ain't a threat.
  I'm telling you that you're the one starting a fight with me.
  You're the one with your screwball leftist friends that thinks I'm here as a fucking goddamn doormat.
  Get it straight, son.
  I'm not a doormat.
  You think you're smarter than me?
  You think you're better than me?
  You think you know more than me?
  You're full of shit.
   He went around two weeks ago when he was here, he's here like every two weeks, Sitting on his ass getting $50,000 a month and he went around to the crew members and told them that I deserve to be in jail, that I'm killing people because I'm not promoting the vaccine.
  Hey, dumbass!
  4% of people are taking the new shot!
  There's lawsuits everywhere!
  They admit it's killing people!
  I'm right!
  You're wrong!
  But even if I was wrong, this is my company.
  I have a right to say it.
  And you think going around to my crew undermines me?
  Or maybe you wanted to piss me off and have me go off half-cocked?
  Well, guess what?
  I ain't going off half-cocked.
  So, I don't, at the end of the day, care about my life, or anything, or my treasure.
  I care about my sacred honor.
  I will pledge my life, my treasure, on my sacred honor, because you just dealt with 1776, the real McCoy.
  Okay?
  So...
  Keep trying to cupcake this around the sides and keep trying to run around like a chicken with your head cut off.
  You got Godzilla coming out of the ocean in Tokyo, okay?
  I will not sit here and be pushed around and lied about and screwed over anymore.
  Comprende?
  So, that's how this works.
  That's how this goes down.
  I don't expect anything except making sure you get exposed no matter what happens to me.
  Because my integrity is absolutely 110% paramount.
  So, that's where this is.
  And I'm sitting here with the crap you pulled and the things you did that I told my lawyers about.
  I'm like, he came in my office and he said, listen Alex, for three months, we're friends, why don't you just keep money as side bills, I don't care.
  I'm like, hey, I'm gonna go to the bathroom real quick, cause I, you know, I'm not sitting there like, recording.
  I come back, oh, oh, tell me that again, yeah.
  You're, it's over.
  Okay, it's over.
  Game over, game over, game over.
  I think by the end of this show, we'll just play it for you.
  So, keep playing your fucking games with me.
  Okay?
  Game's over.
  Games are over!
  You want the real Alex Jones?
  You got one right now.
  Because I was focused on the New World Order, on George Soros, on King Charles, on Tedros, on Bill Gates, on big enemies of the people.
  My job wasn't sitting here, running around while I'm getting stabbed in the side by a Lilliputian, worrying about what's happening to me.
  But now, at the end of this operation, I will not sit here and comply with lies.
  So, that's where we are.
  And I know Owen and others wanted to come on.
  I'm glad they're here.
  Harrison and Chase Geyser.
  Harrison Smith.
  We're not here to attack anybody.
  I've been under attack.
  I've been gaslit.
  I've had secret federal filings filed on me that I'm committing crimes.
  Referred to the Justice Department.
  Which of course wasn't true.
  We'd already filed it in federal court months before.
  They didn't even check this shit.
  If you're gonna fucking frame somebody and fucking lie about it in the goddamn federal court, for the fucking know, it's already filed in the goddamn court!
  You bastard!
  So fuck you!
  And fuck anybody else that tries to go on your shit!
  You want fucking war?
  You fucking got it!
  I told you one more fucking lie and I was gonna do this, alright?
  I tried to sustain this place.
  I didn't believe America was as corrupt as this.
  I didn't believe we were this fucked and we are this fucked.
  This country is administratively got a bunch of scum in charge of it.
  That's why it's going down the tubes and America and the whole world sees it.
  So you misjudge who I am, and in a year, millions misjudge who I am, and you have no idea!
  No idea!
  So go ahead, try to jerk off some operation to shut the doors here and do that, and prove everything I said.
  It doesn't matter!
  And I don't sit there and make threats, I make promises.
  I haven't had time yet to dig it out of my phone.
  But I will.
   And, you will at the end of the day know, That Alex Jones, the American Patriot, defeated your evil ass!
  You guys want to comment?
  Well, I'll just say I had to come up here because I've put a lot of my blood, sweat, and tears into InfoWars and I think we all knew that the Obi-Wan Kenobi fate would probably be the reality of the situation here.
  We can't go silently.
  You know, we can't go silently.
  We can't not celebrate all the victories that we've had and it's... That's my biggest frustration is I thought this was coming probably soon.
  I've told people I'm not playing games.
  I wanted to celebrate everybody.
   This argument. Well, that's that's the entire purpose. I mean you brought up one instance the vaccine Maybe it's one of our biggest victories. I have people telling me all the time they call into my show
   Thank you for warning us about the vaccines. Thank you for showing the studies Thank you for showing the internal emails that got when nobody else was and then they were getting totally hammered for it
   They tell their family members They tell their friends.
  It might have saved their lives.
  They know people that had a bad side effect.
  So, you know, that's kind of a big victory.
  And of course, there's different levels of this.
  The eugenicists that want to wipe out the population, they just want to be a management class on this planet that they view as a life raft.
  The kind of the scum at the bottom level, they just hate your guts.
  They just hate your guts and I guess that they think they're going to be part of this management class when it all comes down, but they're going to take the vaccines too.
  They're not going to give you a special vaccine that's not going to be deadly for you.
  Not for the general public, they do give it to themselves.
  They're not going to let you have steak dinners.
  They're not going to let you drive around in a gas-powered vehicle.
  You're going to be in a pod and be a bug man just like everybody else.
  So there's that aspect of why I felt it was imperative to come in here.
   I think that when we talk about the larger political issues, You know, it's crazy.
  It really is crazy that InfoWars is the test case for everything.
  I mean, it's censorship, it's lawfare, imprisonment.
  I mean, what?
  Death is next?
  So, when I look at what Trump is going through... You are in solitary confinement for two months!
  Did that make you bow or did that make you get way more hardcore?
  You came out even stronger.
  I came out stronger.
  I came out more focused and I got, I mean, the love and support.
  I mean, imagine the love and support that InfoWars crew is going to have should this be the final day.
  But you look at now what Trump is going through.
  You look at now at other news organizations, what they're going through.
  The censorship, the lawfare, the imprisonment.
  This is the plan for everybody.
  This is how totalitarian regimes form.
   And so if you can't see what's going on now, whether it's InfoWars or whether it's Trump or somebody else you know that just got arrested, either you don't want to know, Either you're just mentally ill, in a way, or completely just brainwashed.
  I mean, it couldn't be more obvious.
  I mean, I just feel really good telling the truth.
  What an epic time to be alive.
  I mean, you get a chance to fight for freedom, you get a chance to make history, you get a chance to take humanity, the whole planet, to freedom and prosperity.
  I totally agree with you on this.
  I've told so many people, quietly, off the record, the top people, they're like, well, we want you on right away when this happens, I'm so sorry.
  I'm like, no, it's okay, it's an attack.
  Well that's why we're here.
  And when I told the listeners, "Hey, we're in trouble, we're probably going to be shut down."
  They're like, "Oh yeah, right. You're always there. Alex shows never get shut down."
  When we actually get shut down, it's going to be insane.
  Like, I mean, I don't get up here and bluff people.
  You guys have been up here and seen it. Like, this is going on.
  Well, that's why we're here. That's why we're here.
  I just can't believe the left thinks they can do whatever they want.
  I mean, this guy, this CRO, runs around the office saying I'm a horrible person and Trump's a horrible person, and in my face goes, Oh, I love you.
  I love Trump.
  The guy is a, it's a freaking nightmare.
  Guys, call John Harmon, oldest employee here.
  Bored up when he was like 18 years old.
  He's 40 something years old now.
  He's an affiliate relations director, sales guy.
  Call him.
  He doesn't know I'm on air right now.
  And just get him to say, because other people told me they don't want to go on air.
  But he said he'll talk about it.
  He goes into the office like two weeks ago and he goes, that guy ought to be in jail.
  This show sucks.
  Everybody should be made to take the shot.
  The shot works great.
  That's what he thinks of us.
  He thinks he can creep around and make up a bunch of shit about me and I'm supposed to just take it.
  No!
  I ain't taking no more of it.
  Well, I'll just say that I love this crew.
  I love this audience.
  There is no other place I'd rather be than InfoWars when I broke into politics.
  It's been a hell of a ride, I'll tell you that.
  It's like being in a dream.
  I used to watch Alex Jones in middle school, and here I am sitting on what may be the last broadcast of InfoWars.
  It's like a weird out-of-body experience.
  This place is absolutely legendary, and it's a microcosm of what's happening in the rest of the world.
  Which is what I think is so powerful about you showing the recordings and stuff, is people don't believe the evil.
  They don't believe the tricks.
  They don't believe how blatant the lies are.
  They need to be exposed.
  I don't even know half the stuff going on, or more than half the stuff going on here.
  Thank God.
  He falls in court.
  That I'm stealing money when it's filed with the court already.
  And on record, we're trying to declare bankruptcy.
  I have a separate sponsor to bring it in.
  And then he does it again with a secret report and tells me, Alex, we didn't do that.
  The next week is the court saying I filed that.
  Well, it's like we always say about, you know, people can't recognize the evil around them because they're not evil.
  The average person wouldn't screw over humanity like that, so it's hard for them to imagine anybody else doing that.
  It works the same way the opposite direction.
  People that are Machiavellian and tricky and constantly trying to pull one over on you can't understand somebody that's not doing that.
  So he thinks he's outsmarting you.
  He thinks, you know, he's in some Machiavellian contest with you, when in reality you're just doing things normally and being honest, and he's, you know, scheming behind the scenes.
  And it's because being honest and straightforward is what we do.
  That's normal.
  Like, I want to have integrity.
  I want to be direct.
  I want to be like, this is what you're getting.
  Yeah.
  Well, it's crazy, too, because what I've learned over the years, again, it kind of goes back to what you said, Harrison, our instinct is honesty.
  Like, my instinct is to tell the truth.
  I don't have an instinct to deceive, an instinct to lie.
  The people in the mainstream media, they have the instinct is to lie.
  There are people that are out there, whether it's any, most people in the mainstream now, big pharma, government, media, their instinct is to lie.
  Their instinct is to deceive.
  Ours is the exact opposite.
  It's like, I have to go through a whole process if I'm going to deceive you.
  It's like, this is a whole process and okay.
  For me, it's just like, no, here's just the honesty.
  Here's just the guy's honesty.
  And I do it occasionally, like when I'm sitting there.
  And I don't say, I'm recording, but it still feels weird to do it.
  I have to like, I don't even record apps.
  Somebody else got a phone, we gotta record this.
  But I'm like, this person's deceiving me.
  I gotta document this.
  So that's what's, uh, you know, it's so unfamiliar to the average person who doesn't think about deception, who doesn't operate at that level of deception instinctually.
  Well, it takes over your bandwidth.
  Like, the fact that I'm trying to be as accurate as possible makes your brain get more and more accurate.
  And then you just, it becomes neurotic.
  Like, the cops pulled me over three years ago, they go, have you been drinking?
  I said, yeah, I had a bad bottle of wine.
  Boom, you're arrested.
  And I blew under.
  I said, I don't think after two glasses of wine, officer, that might have gone to jail.
  You know what's funny?
  The point is, I couldn't help it.
  That exact same thing happened to me when I was 20, Alex.
  I was 20.
  And I blew under, but I was, I was, I was like, he pulled me over, he was like, hey, how are you?
  I was like, yeah, I had a beer like an hour ago.
  He was like, oh, you're 20.
  I'm like, well, I'm sorry.
  I just tell the truth.
  He's like, well, you got to come with us.
  I blew under.
  But so you call it dumb when I was sitting there about to tell a lie, I just went... You don't even think!
  It's just instinct, honesty.
  Yeah.
  Just instinct, real.
  And why shouldn't I be able to go to a restaurant under glass when I wasn't driving back?
  Well, nowadays, you got all kinds of constitutional issues dealing with checkpoints and... Yeah, but I mean, it's just like...
  I don't know, it's just so powerful.
  Your wife goes, oh, you like that woman?
  Yeah, she's really hot.
  I mean, I just don't lie anymore.
  It's true, though.
  That's not good advice.
  I don't know.
  Oh, you're clothes torn off.
  Anyways, the point is, I've gotten neurotic about it.
  It's just instinct though, that's the thing.
  It's just like, it's an instinct, you accept it, you don't fight it.
  That's what I'm saying.
  It's like, if you want to be dishonest and deceptive, to me it's like, that's a whole process that you have to go through.
  And then you have to manage all the lies.
  It's like a web of lies.
  Look, all three of us do three hour shows daily, live, no teleprompter.
   If we start trying to lie about things and, you know, Or Gaslight People!
  Our whole audience is going to call it on us!
  Look at Chris Cuomo!
  That's it!
  We get so much love for the truth, I was always trying to tell the truth, but it just gets better and better.
  Cuomo's like, oh I'm a vaccine side effect, we got bad information.
  What do you mean, we?
  He went on to say, I was never trying to make you take this.
  That's a lie, dude.
  Like, what do you think?
  Your show is on TV.
  Right, and he's running with the whole, well, everybody thought, everybody knew.
  Fauci's like, I was never for masks, never made you take the shot, never for lockdowns.
  I ordered the lockdown.
  Fauci has a hearing on Monday.
  Hope we're still here to cover it.
  Let me see if I can get John Harmon.
  I want people to hear this story.
  We've got Hunter Biden in court.
  I'm not going to tell them stories here.
  This is the stuff going on around here.
  Well this guy's literally a leftist woker running around in here and all your advertising's gone, all your funding's cut off, it's just like shrinking his tongue.
  Do you know I'm live, John?
  Do what?
  I'm live on air right now, I want you to know that.
  Oh, okay.
  I asked the crew to call you on your cell phone.
  Are you guys able to call him before we go to spacious comments?
  I asked the crew to call you.
  They didn't.
  I'm not mad at them.
  I just show them how fast I can call someone or pull up a story.
  It's kind of an erotic thing.
  Can you guys call John Harmon?
  I want to get him on air.
  I'll just do it right now on the speaker.
  So, John, have you heard about the controversy?
  I don't blame you not tuning in on Saturday.
  Have you heard what's going on?
  No, I have no idea.
  Again, John, we're on air right now.
  How long have you worked here?
  Since 2002.
  All right, so 22 years.
  Yeah.
  And you started out as a board operator and you've been a sales manager and an affiliate relations director, right?
  That's right.
  Okay, well we got word last night that we're going to close InfoWars and kick us all out.
  Oh dang, okay.
   Okay, so I want you, well, I stopped it, they'll still try it, so I'm saying we're out of the woods, but I was telling people, because you're the one crew member I'm talking about, he
   told a bunch of crew members, told me about it, you said you didn't care, tell people what Pat McGill did a few weeks ago in your office, watching me on TV with a doctor, talking
  about the vaccines.
   Yeah, so he came into my office, and he was just kind of BSing about sales and stuff, and then he was sitting there watching the TV, watching the show, and you guys were running
  a promo with Tucker Carlson, talking about vaccines and COVID and stuff.
   And he was watching, and he basically just started going, man, vaccines, COVID went away when the vaccines came out, and I didn't really say anything, I was just like, okay, whatever.
  And then he started getting into this information is dangerous.
  Because, you know, if you promote not taking vaccines, that can kill people.
  I had two friends that died from COVID because they listen to this type of stuff.
  And I just kind of sat there like, okay.
  I didn't debate with him or anything, but he literally was saying that, you know, your show is dangerous being on air.
  I thought this was kind of a conflict of interest.
  Yeah, you know, you said people saying this ought to be in jail.
  Yeah.
  I mean, he was- Remember that?
  You told me that.
  Remember that part?
  So the guy running this company that wants to put padlocks on the door thinks I should be in jail?
  Yeah.
  But he'll sure take that $50,000 a month to sit here and do nothing on his fat ass.
  Right, I know.
  I don't really get what he does.
  He doesn't belong running a meeting company.
  Tell folks how many meetings we had when we came in a year and a half ago about the sales department and how he killed all the sales except one sponsor and told us remember oh sit back on that and then we we had meetings with lawyers they're all there we followed the court and then what did he claim?
  Oh yeah.
  So the juicy part is the fact that he was trying to do sales on his own.
  Do his own sales division and bring on sponsors and all that stuff.
  And I was like, well, I'm already doing sales.
  I'm already doing what you're trying to do.
  And there's a certain way to do it.
  And he's just like, he doesn't know what he's doing.
   So eventually he just Yeah, 12 million a year.
   we're doing with sponsors and sales, so he can do what he's doing.
  But I'm like, that's not gonna work.
  Like, I don't even know what you're doing.
  And he just shut down everything that was successful.
  Yeah, 12 million a year, so next.
  Yeah, and it's just like, okay, what is this?
   And he tells me we need to undo everything that we're doing with the sponsors.
  But I'm asking him, like, why?
  It just looks bad, and it's just like, for what?
  Like, it just doesn't even make sense.
   And talking with everyone else, I mean, they're just like, yeah, that sounds really, really weird.
  Why would he do that?
  Why would he shut down?
   But then you forget the next part, saying he never knew about it.
  Remember that part?
  Yeah, and then he said he didn't know about it.
  You know, like, it was like discovered or something.
   It was like, well, that's weird, because before he shut it down, he came into my office,
  two weeks before he came in and said, "We gotta shut it down."
  He said, I want to work close with you.
  How about we just, you know, funnel all these sales sponsors to you and then you bring them on and you'll run the whole sales department.
  I was like, well, yeah, that's basically what I'm already doing.
  But I was like, OK, yeah, maybe you've seen the light.
  And then like two weeks later, he just shuts the whole thing down.
   I was like, wait, you just you just said you wanted to work But that's not even important, John.
  He then filed with the court that he discovered us running secret ads that are on TV.
  Millions are watching our secret ads, which are in lawyer meetings, and I filed with the court two months before he filed.
  So, I told my lawyers, I was like, he won't take the money, I want to give it to him, and we're supposed to transfer these ads over, and they're like, well we'll report to the court, good.
  So we had several sales meetings and marketing meetings or whatever, where I was asked to come in and, okay, tell us what you're doing.
  You know, yeah, I'm still a sponsor and all this stuff.
  Everyone's like, okay, that sounds great.
  At no point was it ever.
  Well, you know, any kind of concerns or anything, McGill was told everything about the sales.
  He knew full well about it.
  We sat down, talked about the sales.
  It wasn't a discovery.
  And then he turns around and files that he caught us stealing with the federal government to get us arrested.
  They didn't do it.
  And then he does it again in a secret filing I get in March when I replayed the recording.
  Yeah, it's just it's just doesn't make any sense, you know.
  He's like, I don't know anything about this.
  They steal money!
   the benefit of the doubt but I mean there's it's just like every step of the way hey work with me you know sit down talk with me okay and then two months later he'll just he's like I don't
   know anything about this they steal money and it's so so weird because he said you know you can do sales we just have to have paper contracts do it right which we all had that's fine yeah and then
   he took forever he Him and other people involved took forever to do the simplest things.
  And it was just like so weird.
  Everything, every step of the way with this guy.
  And I was like, hey, you know, Alex is about to promote some, some guests and they want to plug a website.
  You know, we are waiting on the contract.
  I called them up.
  I was like, what are we supposed to do?
  Just turn 99% of the guests aren't paying to be on.
  Sometimes we're already having a guest and they go, Hey, I got a book.
  I want to share some money with you.
  And I'm like, hey, this guy wants to give us $5,000.
  I'm already doing the interview.
  Nope, not taking money.
  Well, yeah, if you if we do a beforehand affiliate deal, you know, they want to help you make money.
  So it's a it's a tons of companies do this.
  And then I called him up.
  I was like, hey, you're saying I can't do anything until I have a contract.
  You know, what's the deal?
  Oh, yeah, I dropped the ball.
  Can you send me that thing again?
  I sent it to you like three times.
  It's been four months.
  But then he goes to the court and says we're stealing money, but we'd already filed it with the court months before saying we don't know what to do with this money.
  Right.
  And then again, I'm supposed to like put up with this dude?
  And they're so mad I'm on there talking about it.
  Dude, he did it again.
  And then he's going to padlock the company last night.
  Absolutely insane.
  I mean, I would say I'm not even shocked because every step of the way dealing with this guy has just been so backwards.
  If you had an image of an encyclopedia of a gremlin, it's Patrick McGill.
  Put his picture back up, folks.
  Everybody needs to know who this guy is.
  I know he flipped out once it shut down.
  Hey, Pat, get the show shut down.
  If that's what you want to do.
  Streisand effect, dude.
  I know you don't know anything.
  Take your shots, buddy.
  Streisand effect.
  Guys, pull up definition of Streisand effect for old Patrick McGill.
  That was a nice house Barbra Streisand had that she didn't want anybody to know about.
  So she got upset about it, so it was a top story in the country.
  Yeah, and then everybody... Now it's a famous picture of her giant mansion on the beach.
  All right, well, hey, John, I'm sorry I called you about this, and we don't have any plans.
  I'm going to try to get a new employer.
  I can't be the owner in the future.
  We'll try to figure something out.
  I think regardless, I mean, I have to dig through my phone and get the other stuff, but it's there.
  I couldn't even believe it.
  I called my lawyer.
  He was just in my office saying, you can keep money in secretly.
  Let's work together.
  And I said, dude, is this a joke?
  I mean, it's just like, come on, man.
  Come on, come on.
  Wow.
  Yeah, so it's like I just played a two of hearts.
  I have a royal flush, you understand?
  And it's not like blackmail.
  I don't even want to put the stuff out on air.
  I'm not even asking for something from these people.
  I'm just like, I'm going to the FBI Monday.
  I'm going to the FBI.
  You're like, well, the FBI is corrupt.
  No, no.
  I'm going to take them all the stuff.
  I'm going to the FBI.
  Here, Pat, go to the FBI.
   I told my lawyers about it, they're like, well, wait, you know, see, that's terrible, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, No, the Feds, the CIA, the FBI tried to come offer me all this money, and I knew it wasn't the Russians, and I wouldn't take it anyways, and I went and grabbed the FBI.
  Had my lawyers write letters, went to the FBI, said, leave me alone, I'm not a Russian agent.
  And the other time they tried to blackmail me, I didn't even know who she was, I went to the FBI.
  So, it's real simple, like, okay, well, here's the FBI, here's the stuff.
  In fact, I'm not going to air it, I'm just going to go to the FBI.
  That's the right thing.
  I'm just going to give it to the FBI.
  I'll give it to the Texas Rangers, too.
  So, John, anything else?
  I mean, yeah, it's just kind of shocking, but at the same time, it's not because we've been dealing with this forever.
  So, yeah, I mean, I don't think we should just wait around and see what happens.
  I mean, we need to take action and be proactive because, I mean, they're just going to keep pushing and pushing and just, you know.
  And I want to explain to some of the people, it's not that we're hayseeds and dumbasses.
  I saw a New Democrat video where they're like, all these Georgia and Florida supporters, they live in the woods, they're retarded.
  No, those are good, hard-working people, folks.
  They know how to skin a bug, run a front line, and go to the city.
  But to me, you know, there's this arrogance that we're just going to sit here and take this.
  There's this idea that we're here to be bent over all day long.
  Like, guys, we would know how to be evil if we wanted to.
  We think it's cool to be straightforward.
  That's why I love Midwesterners like John Harmon, like, you know, or, you know, Chase or all you guys.
  We're just regular people that regular parents that we are straight fucking shooters, man.
  And you demonic New World War people haven't figured it out yet.
  Like you're up against real people, man.
   And to that point, I mean, working with, you know, You know, we're shipping radio hosts, all kinds of stuff in the media.
  I mean, they're working with you for so long.
  There's never been some, like, secret meetings or, you know, funnel something here or there.
  Like, it's just like every other radio host finding sponsors, you know, doing guests, just doing a show.
   So, I mean, just like you said, it's very straightforward stuff and these guys are like, Sneaking around, trying to, uh, you know, dig up some dirt on something.
  There's no dirt.
  Well, you don't have to lie to have the story anymore.
  I just want to say that's what they do.
  They try to come after Alex Jones for getting one thing wrong 10 years ago.
  When they get 10 things wrong every single hour, you don't have to lie to break incredibly interesting, fascinating stories.
  The truth is actually much more interesting than the BS that they spew all the time.
  And I want to get all the talk show hosts, Chase Geiser, Harrison Smith, Owen Schwartz, we'll go to X Spaces.
  Harmon, I'm sorry I called you up randomly in the middle of this, but yeah, I mean, this is real America.
  We're just straightforward people, and we're not going to be cast as demons, and we're not going to take it lying down.
  John, I appreciate you.
  One way or another, we'll keep working together, and I'm sorry about all this.
  Absolutely.
  I'll talk to you soon.
  So, another straight shooter, man.
  Alright, you were making a point, Chase, go ahead.
  I was able to make the point.
  Basically, the truth is more interesting.
  They always accuse us of lying, and you don't have to lie to be interesting to tell a good story.
  It's not like you have to grift, make things up, talk about conspiracies that aren't true.
  No, no, I didn't get into the truth because I thought, wow, this is going to make money.
  It does.
  People like it.
  People want to sell lies, man.
  I'm into truth, you know?
  I'm into a wife that actually loves me and good kids and a good life.
  I'm into low crime.
  I'm into being good, man.
  I ain't into being bad.
  I don't think it's cool, man.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  Plus, half of what we do anyway is reading mainstream media headlines.
  The conspiracies aren't even hidden anymore.
  They talk about us making up conspiracy theories.
  We're just reading what's happening in the headlines.
  Like the human future's over, we're going to kill everybody?
  Go ahead.
  Yeah, absolutely.
  It's all out in the open now.
  So everything they say about us is ridiculous, and you're exactly right.
  We're just normal men.
   We're just normal dudes, and that's what I think scares I go home, I want to play a game with my wife and kids, I want to cook a steak, I want to eat a potato, I want to eat some broccoli, I want to watch a movie, I just want to go to church, I don't want to fuck kids, I'm sorry, I just want to fucking be normal, man.
  Sorry, go ahead.
  No, and that is anathema to them.
  They can't even understand what that means.
  And, I mean, just to take it out into a wider context, the number of things happening right now.
  I mean, the Trump trial, and on that exact day they give the- It's a quickening.
  Go ahead to Ukraine to bomb in Russia.
  They're attacking InfoWars trying to bring us- I mean, it's all happening right now in real time.
  This is the assault.
  InfoWars is a microcosm of what's happening worldwide, but obviously they want us off the air, because you're pointing out about the vaccines or anything else.
  It's easy for them to point back and say, well, we all thought this.
  We all thought this.
  Well, not if we have record of InfoWars on the same day going, this is bullshit.
  This is what the reality is.
  They can't pretend like nobody knew.
  We knew somehow.
  Somehow we knew.
  We're not, you know, super scientists.
  We don't have a crystal ball.
  So somehow we knew and you didn't.
  Somebody's lying.
  We got Nick Sordor here.
  I did one with him last night with Mario Fall.
  It was amazing.
  Oh, and comments.
  We're going to go to Nick Sordor.
  I just want to respond to one thing before we go to the X Spaces.
   InfoWars was the first group When they first tried to do lockdowns and run the fear campaigns about COVID, we were the first group to stand up against it.
  And even that night, some of the crew was with me that night.
  We went out.
  There's these little rent-a-scooters that you have here.
  They had the city shut down.
  And we went out the night they locked the city down on these little rent-a-scooters and we're riding around town.
  The cops came up to us threateningly and we're like, what are you doing out here?
  And we're like, what do you mean?
  What aren't we doing out here?
  Is there any law that says we can't be up here?
  Are we breaking any laws?
  And they basically had to back down and they left us alone and we continued to film content that night.
  We've been vindicated.
  We're the tip of the spear.
  And we need people when they shut this down because it's going down, folks.
  It's done.
  I don't know if it's a week, two weeks.
  It's fullest because they're panicking.
  Celebrate this, celebrate the old clips, all you guys.
  Yeah, well it's, like I said, it's been quite a hell of a ride.
  When I busted out of sports media into politics, I knew InfoWars was the only place for me.
  And so it means a lot to me too.
  The audience, the crew, Alex, all your work, it means a lot to me.
  I love you guys, but the thing is, don't you feel better than ever with the integrity?
  Isn't that like...
  Other than my children, that integrity is like a literal palace of diamonds.
  It's like, it's like so good.
  Well, yeah, it's like if your biggest enemy is Darth Vader and you know that Darth Vader is pulling his head off because of you, you're like, yeah, sup?
  Yeah.
  It's like, oh, the people that want to call the population off the planet hate me?
  Oh, the people that want to destroy my country hate me and want to put me in jail?
  We're all a team of fucking humanity, man.
  Yeah.
  We don't want to kill people.
  We don't want to get rid of... We want to win, man.
  We want to beat these people.
  Yeah, and it does, and it goes back to the whole thing of just whether you're a liar or not, whether you're Machiavellian or not.
  I sleep so nicely at night now.
  I mean, I always have trouble sleeping because I'm an insomniac, but there's no guilt.
  There's no, like, oh, did that scheme work out?
  How's that going?
  You feel satisfied.
  Your cells are satisfied.
  You just go, I've told the truth.
  I've been honest.
  If things go badly, it's not my fault.
  I'll roll with it.
  But there's no, you know, guilt.
  There's no nothing.
  If you're just honest and straightforward, you know, it's like this weight off your back.
  Don't pile your weights onto your own back by lying and deceiving and scheming.
   Because even if things go wrong, You go, look, that's how the cards... It's not because I tried to do something and failed and tried to scheme and my scheme unraveled and now I'm, you know, up a creek.
  Let justice be done to the heavens full.
  Amen.
  You know, Alex, you said something really fascinating.
  I think it was in the last week or so.
  I don't think it was a throwback clip that we aired.
  I think it was something you said in the last seven days, that you go to bed excited for the next day.
  And that's something that I've experienced here, too.
  And I think that's really a testament to how fulfilling and important it is to tell the truth, to do what we're doing.
   Because 99% of people and 99% of the jobs that I've had in my life, I've had my own business, I've worked for people, I go to bed Not excited to go to work the next day.
  I go to work waiting for the weekend to come as soon as possible.
  But for the first time in my life working here on this, I have had that experience where I can't wait to fall asleep at night because I know that in the blink of an eye, I'll be up and on the way to work.
  And I'm not saying that to Brown knows you or anything, I'm just saying that is the power of this.
  No, I love you guys too.
  I love everybody here.
  That's what I'm saying is this is the real adventure.
  We're meant to be good men.
  Yeah, we can't get Chase to go home sometimes.
  I saw his cot.
  He's got a cot back there.
  He's got a great wife and great daughters.
  Chase, finish your point.
  Let's go to Mariano.
  Mariano Falzon here, his co-host.
  Nick Sordor is there.
  Yeah, let's just go straight to Nick.
  I was able to make my point.
  Nick, go ahead and unmute yourself and say what you've got to say.
  You know what, Chase?
  You made a hell of a lot of good points there, as did Alex, as did Owen, as did Harrison.
  I'm telling you, you guys were damn good together, and that is one of the things that they're afraid about right now.
  That is why the Feds are coming in at this point, trying to do something they've been doing it for years and years, been looking for some reason to finally do it, and they've decided that time is now, because I think, you know, you guys are destructive to their narrative.
  You have torn it apart!
   For years and I know I know you guys have sort of you know recently gotten another platform being back on X and so you guys have grown a lot as well and so your reach is so much higher and you know I'm telling you guys right now I mean I've met you guys multiple times in person at this point I've been to your You know, some of your houses, you know, I like, I know you guys personally, and I know that you actually believe, you know, including Alex yesterday, when I'm sitting there at dinner, Alex was an open book, taking any questions that I wanted, like did not, you know, you can tell that he truly believes what he is saying.
  He's not making it up.
  He's not motivated by money.
  And so they've tried to take everything away from him at this point.
  They've tried to bankrupt him.
  You know, and to an extent, they've been successful at that.
  But what they haven't been able to do is they haven't been able to shut you guys up.
  And they're pissed off about that because they're realizing that at this point, they're not able to shut you guys down with their threats and through scaring you off monetarily by taking everything from you.
  All that's doing is growing you guys.
  You guys are being more forceful.
  You're yelling louder and louder, even with everything on the line.
  And that's why I have a massive respect for InfoWars.
   And Chase made a really good point when he said that They're doing this right now.
  The timing is not coincidental.
  The entire news cycle on both sides of the aisle, wall-to-wall coverage, is about the Trump trial.
  So they're trying to do this under darkness, under the cover of darkness, so that they can try to avoid this dry sand effect.
  However, it's not going to work.
  It's not going to work.
  We're not going to let it.
  Let me say two things about that because my dad is always watching the Rumble stream and he's always reporting numbers to me.
  Last week we broke 10,000 live viewers for the first time right after the Iranian president died, got killed, we don't know.
  That was 10,000.
  This week we got 11.4 thousand.
  So it's like our trajectory is like a rocket ship right now.
  That's one small part of it.
  It reaches millions, but it's growing everywhere.
  And that's just one rumble feed.
  But that's what I use as sort of a litmus test to go, OK, how are we doing today?
  And just over the last few weeks, we've been just upping our audience piece by piece.
  That's why they're in full panic mode.
  Yeah, I also think that they're using the Trump case to distract from what they're doing in Ukraine with the green light to bomb Russian sites as well.
  And you know, Nick said something there, and this is something that kind of gets lost in translation, but...
  You know, we are just normal guys.
  It's hard for people to look at what InfoWars has done and the mystique that InfoWars has kind of created, the aura, the brand, and think that we are just normal guys, but it's like, we really are.
  I mean, you hear all these conspiracy theories out there about Alex, and, oh, he's Bill Hicks, or he's this or he's that.
  It's like, I know Alex pretty well, and I can tell you that none of it's true.
  You know, I feel like maybe half the time- Well, them not believing we're real is they don't believe in themselves.
  Yeah.
  Reality is powerful.
  Yeah, and I guess that's what it is.
  It's like, you can change the world.
  Anybody can change the world.
  But it's like, I mean, that's what I'm saying, is we have people in studio.
  That should be our new slogan, InfoWars, or whatever it is.
  You can change the world.
  It really is.
  But that's what it is.
  Anybody can change the world.
  And the reason why the censorship of InfoWars or anybody on the internet is so important is the establishment, the corrupt elite, used to control who had a platform.
  They used to be able to control who could reach millions of people.
  Now with the new social media, anybody can reach a million people.
  And that's why they're panicked.
  And that's why they want to have this new precedent that somehow it's... I mean, take Nick Sordor.
  Because I don't even... I like him.
  I mean, I see his stuff, but I'm not even looking for it.
  Like, oh, there's 2 million views.
  That's an hour ago.
  There's 500,000 views.
  That's 10 minutes ago.
  Here's 8 million views.
  That's a day ago.
  And I mean, he's like the junior host.
  And they're doing a great job.
  And the main host is reaching 25 million people a day.
  And there's no... It's on the iPhone.
  Like, how do they even deal with this?
  And all we're doing is getting both sides on the debate.
  Exactly.
  They cannot have any individual with that power, because there is power there.
  They thought if they could kill me that was one of the forefront of this, just because I was around earlier and I'm special, they thought if we get him, we get them all.
  No, you inspire more people.
  It's like Santa Ana thought.
  15,000 troops, whatever, attacking 187 people and killing with the Alamo.
  He literally thought, I just killed everybody.
  I'm going to win.
  All it did was piss people off.
  Like they think they're bullying us because we were asleep.
  We weren't bullied.
  We were asleep.
  Now the average American being threatened or trying to put Trump in jail.
  People aren't intimidated by that.
  They're like pissed off.
  Yeah, and they understand the reality of the corruption, the criminal cabal that runs our country, the reality is sitting in.
  And I think there's kind of a secondary effect, too, where you look at Republican leadership, because people look at the Democrat Party, anybody, any realist knows that's not, nobody, you're not going to save the country through the Democrat Party.
  If you're going to have hopes to save the country, it's going to have to come through the Republican Party.
  And it's only a beachhead, exactly, it's not perfect.
  Yeah, and you look at the leadership with Mitch McConnell and Mike Johnson, there's no way that the type of leadership that they offer lasts another congressional session.
  There's just no shot.
  Nobody... And that's why they're so panicked and attacking on all fronts.
  Yeah, so... They're failing.
  They can't.
  This will breed a new leadership in the Republican Party like a Trump, like a Marjorie Taylor Greene, like a Thomas Massey, you know, maybe a Rand Paul.
  We'll see what happens in the Senate.
  But then that just becomes contagious.
  It just rebrands the party politics from, hey, we're not just in here playing DC politics.
  We're not just in here showing up for a vote, showing up for a bill.
  Yeah, we're not trying to get a Senate job.
  We're not trying to go to Mar-a-Lago.
  We don't want to go to Mar-a-Lago.
  We want our freedom back.
  We came here to chew bubblegum and kick ass and we're all out of bubblegum.
  Exactly.
   I want to go back to Nick Sordor and get any more spaces comments, but can you guys pull up the intro to Scarface, where he gets off the bus, he's come in, it's an archetype that
   was actually written over 10 years by Oliver Stone about the real Cuban deal, and they're like trying to ask, "Who are you?
  What are you doing?"
  And he goes, "Hey, listen.
  Are you a communist?
  I'm sick of communists."
  The president, Jimmy Carter, says, "I'm going to get freedom.
  Give me that."
  I mean, that, come on over.
  That's where I am.
  I'm literally like, listen, I don't want to be a communist.
  I don't want to be told what to do.
  I don't want to hurt anybody else.
  Leave me alone.
  And it's like, so they want to make it a physical war because they're losing the information war.
  People go, oh, you're a wimp.
  Those are provocateurs, folks.
  Oh, you don't want to have a fight.
  The guys saying that aren't going out and fighting anybody.
  My biggest concern, I ask you all, including Nick Sordor and everybody here and Chase and everybody.
  I told everybody, once they convict Trump, they're going to claim right-wingers are going to blow stuff up.
  It's all over the news, right-wingers are going to attack, blah, blah, blah.
  It's obviously ridiculous.
  They're getting ready for false flags.
  You want to comment on that?
  Well, yeah, they're definitely getting ready for false flags.
  I mean, again, you see everything that they're doing.
  You see the way that they're going after not just InfoWars, but every other dissident media outlet they're going after in some lawfare method or another.
  They're locking up Trump.
  They're starting World War III.
  They're rolling out the hate speech laws.
  I mean, it's all happening right now.
  Oh, Europe's banning free speech across the board?
  So yeah, I mean, it is just, it's bonkertown.
  This is it.
  Well, and let me say about the whole, you know, one person can be a media outlet and one person can reach a million people.
  Look what happened to Don Lemon.
  He was the number one person on CNN during Trump.
  He can't get 50 live viewers now.
  Nobody cares.
  So they, they, they rely on this artifice, the falsely constructed.
  And he doubled down and said we should have lockdowns and forced injections.
  And it's not just Don Lemon, by the way.
  Chris Cuomo has had low ratings.
  Now he's at Newsmax.
  I think he has alright ratings.
  Bill O'Reilly was the number one name in conservative media.
  He's virtually irrelevant at this point.
  Media Matters just fired 15% of their people.
  Jezebel shut down.
  Vice Media shut down.
  I mean, they're all shutting down.
  They're not under the attacks that we're under and yet we've continued to grow, continue to bring.
  Absolutely.
  Let's bring Nick Sordor back on.
  I love Sordor.
  That's the coolest last name.
  By the way, what is Sordor last name?
  I haven't Googled your name.
  I love family names.
  What's Sordor?
  I don't know the exact meaning of it.
  I know that it's German, which is what people were using to attack me and call me a Nazi at one point, which I thought was, you know, quite a stretch.
  Well, I think a lot of us here are German.
  There's nothing wrong with the Germans, so... I think Schreyer's German part, I'm German, you're German, it's all okay.
  Right.
  Well, I mean, you know, they use every attack in the book to try to destroy you.
  And I really started realizing this as we started growing the platform, as we started growing the spaces and such.
  And I start to understand what you go through every single day with the attacks from all angles.
   And you're like, OK, you know, once you start getting closer and closer to the target, Once you're over that target, you're just bombarded with attacks from, you know, people that you wouldn't have expected to be attacked by.
  And at this point, you've gotten so over target where you've got feds knocking at your door and such.
  And I know Liz Churchill, who's up here on stage as well, has been a victim of a lot of these things as well.
  Liz, do you want to jump in?
  Yeah, bring Liz on and then we're going to bring on Viva Frye.
  Hey Nick, how's it going?
  Actually, I just wanted to jump in and state that it was really important that we all sort of band together at this time.
  And if InfoWars is shut down, I think that everybody here that has a large account needs to go live with the Harrison Smith Show, with Owen Troyer, and with Alex Jones.
   We need to dedicate our accounts To this show until it's brought back because this is ridiculous.
  We've all seen.
  No, I totally agree, Liz.
  If you got banned, we would boost you.
  And I'm telling you, I literally they were going to shut us down again today and yesterday.
  Right.
  Until I explained to them, I said, you know, it's going to get bigger, right?
  Go ahead.
  Well, yes, like you said, it's going to cause a Streisand effect.
   It's only going to make you bigger, it's only going to make you powerful, and then when you witness all of the accounts on Twitter who's not going to ban you, and I'm certain that Elon Musk will also boost your content, I believe that once all of us ban together and we have an audience, Of a billion people because that's completely doable with our accounts.
  I think that no problem.
  I think that we can get this show on the road and we can continue your show on the Twitter platform.
  And Liz, I only interrupt you because you're so on target.
  I think all of us together have a billion viewers every week.
  But you're right.
  A billion for the shows themselves.
  You're absolutely correct.
  Continue.
  So, and with saying that, what is more frustrating about this is that we have on video CIA agents that have admitted to entrapping you and bankrupting you to try and shut you up.
  This is crazy!
  They've admitted it on video, you have it on video, we've all played it on our timelines.
  And by the way, it was hiding in plain view.
  The head of the FBI in Connecticut sat on the stand.
  He went and created the whole thing.
  Exactly!
  You have crimes of omission.
  They're admitting to what they are doing and it is on video and yet they are still shutting you down.
  This is a subversion of reality.
  Like I always say, they are murdering your logic.
  Well, wasn't it 2017?
  The story is at InfoWars, I believe we published it 2017 with Trump as well.
  They were spying on our phone numbers, Trump's phone numbers, Roger Stone's phone numbers.
  That was released, yes.
  I remember, yes, it said that, quote, Alexander Jones was on that very list to be unmasked.
  It's called unmasking, which is illegal, which is actually a form of treason, to be honest with you.
  So with saying that, I honestly don't think that they're going to stop unless they themselves are in handcuffs.
  That's where we are.
  Liz, I totally agree with you.
  And again, people are like, oh wait, you're getting shut down.
  Why aren't you shut down?
  Because I literally came here and said, we're not leaving.
  There's not even a court order.
  So don't try to shut the company down.
  And the poor security companies put in the middle that I hired six years ago.
  They're like, whoa, we're not doing this.
  So we're literally in this stalemate right now.
  Who knows what's going to happen?
  But I want our people to know and our enemies to know.
  You won't stop any of this coming out.
  And I'm going to the FBI because they're the corrupt ones and I'm going to deliver it so it's on the record.
  Well, and I think there's a new level to this too, because InfoWars, we had to build our own platform, right?
  I mean, Banned.Video, InfoWars.com.
  These are our own proprietary platform for our content when they did the first wave of censorship.
  Well, we're kind of in a bit of a new media landscape now with X allowing free speech, allowing InfoWars to exist.
  And the Giant Awakening.
  Rumble, Rumble, to allow us to exist.
  So I think what happens next, if they do go ahead and strike Obi-Wan Kenobi down, if they do go ahead and strike InfoWars down, well we'll still be on Rumble, we'll still be on X. The next level, and this is where... Oh, the EU's trying to shut down Rumble right now.
  But this is where we find out who else is going to become a knight.
  Who else is going to enter the field?
  Who else is going to stand their ground?
  Who else is going to put their boot in the soil and say no more?
  Because what they're going to do is, and they're already doing this to Musk, I know for sure.
  I'm sure they're doing it to Rumble too.
  They're going to say, you are not going to be allowed on the platforms of the Android App Store, the Apple App Store, just like they did when we made the app.
  They wouldn't even let Bolsonaro on with Mario to fall.
  Last two weeks ago, because X is this whole program and I get busted trying to change it, but here's what I knew.
   I want to get Liz Churchill's take on this and all you guys and Chase DePopp and we'll go to a great, really smart guy, Aviva Frye, former lawyer and a great patriot, is that I know, like I have so much data.
  You say it's an instinct.
  It's not.
  It's like a woman's intuition.
  It's not intuition.
  She's got thousands of data points and she knows off that.
  It's like, boom, it's installed.
  That I knew when they started criminal investigations of Musk that he was for real.
  And then when they, the same law firm, Democratic Party law firm, sued him that sued me, I actually told people privately, I told you that I was some inside baseball, but I said, watch, we'll be right.
  We're going to be back on X.
  Well, I would just say too, to that point, that I understand not trusting anybody.
  really pushed it too far.
  Finish your point.
  Well, I would just say, too, to that point, that I understand not trusting anybody.
  I truly get that, not wanting to trust anybody.
  And that's fine.
  You judge the fruits.
  Look at the fruits.
   But I think that there is kind of this unofficial ritual to go through to test whether somebody It doesn't mean we're all going to agree, it doesn't mean that anybody's perfect, but it's like, okay, if you're getting censored, if you're getting the lawfare, if you're being arrested, like, those are your three... George Soros is coming after you.
  That's like your ritual right there.
  It's like if you've got one of those things, okay, you've got two of those things, yeah, you're probably the real McCoy.
  Three of the other things, it's like, yeah, you're the bona fide real McCoy.
   And moving on from that, It's sexy to be free.
  People, we're humans, man.
  We want prosperity.
  That's why they hate Trump.
  He's not perfect, but he is into people.
  He's like, we're going to have beautiful hotels and golf courses and women and families.
  And the globalists don't like it because they're miserable scum.
  Liz Churchill, closing comment.
  She gone?
  She's still here, but she's muted.
  No, I'm here.
  Sorry guys.
  I'm so sorry.
  I'm just gonna put in my earpiece.
  Well, what I'd like to say is that ultimately they want to shut you down because they don't want you talking about the criminal communists, the sadistic satanists, and all of the communist tyrants that have completely captured and corrupted your governments because the MSM has completely failed.
   They're murdering American people with their State-sanctioned vaccines that have killed more than 20 million people.
  You're the only person that's actually speaking about this.
  All of the other MSM propagandists are completely ignoring it.
  They're ignoring that the 2020 election was stolen.
  They're ignoring that it's a complete communist takeover.
   And so they have to take out the head commanders that scream from the rooftops because the demoralized public is You're going to choose the path of least resistance and you're in a position where you do have a very loud voice, especially on this platform.
  So I think that going forward, we're all going to have to band together and work with what we've got.
  And that is the platform of X because for some reason we're very lucky that we're able to speak like this because if Elon Musk did not buy this platform, we would not be having this conversation.
  Well, that's right.
  I'm sick of attacks on Elon Musk.
  He is delivering and the people doing it want to be holier than thou.
  Screw them.
  That's it.
  I just believe in humanity.
  And people think that's weird.
  Why would I believe in our people?
  Well, and I think there's a secondary layer that needs to be appreciated about this as well.
   And I think you use Alex Jones, you use Donald Trump, you use Elon Musk as kind of the examples where I look at Alex Jones, there's no Owen Schroer without Alex Jones.
  I mean, I left sports media and I joined politics because I was inspired by Alex Jones.
  I think there's going to be a lot of politicians that feel the same way about Donald Trump.
  They were inspired by Donald Trump and now they want to get into politics and basically do what Donald Trump did.
  I think same thing with Elon Musk.
  I think you're going to have people in the tech world that are inspired by Elon Musk that are going to say, yeah, I'm an innovator, I'm building tech out of their pockets.
  Silicon Valley's jumping money on Trump right now.
  Because they see, wait, they can take his money, they're going to take ours.
  So the point is, it creates, there's a residual effect, there's a ripple effect where it inspires others.
  You know, George Washington inspires others.
  Yeah, humans aren't wimps.
  And once we're awake, we don't like getting pushed around.
  We like to fight.
  Well, and part of what I don't like about the nitpicking about Donald Trump or Elon Musk is we've been through some crap because of what we've done, and then to have people on our side go, ah, that's all fair.
  Yeah, let's attack the enemies that are out in the open.
  Don't attack people that are giving us fucking attack mode, fucking bomb the enemy.
  Elon Musk has opened us up to scorch their ass, and we're going to sit around and say, he could have done this better.
  Bullshit, man!
  Bullshit!
  He says for me, I'm fucking annihilating the enemy right now, and I'll take that window to drop these bombs any day.
  Because when people are inspired by Elon Musk, they need to know, hey, it's going to be a tough road, they're going to attack me, but hey, at least the people have my back.
  At least people that see what's going on know what I'm standing up for.
  And what does Elon say?
  He says, the globals are going to kill everybody.
  Their plan?
  They think they're going to kill all of us, they won't get killed?
  Elon's like, this ain't working.
  For him, it's a very pragmatic statement.
  Sorry, go ahead, I'm interrupting.
  No, I just want to say the final thing is I think people need to understand this is what tyranny looks like.
  People think that if tyranny isn't in jackboots marching in, you know, lockstep goose-stepping, then it's not tyranny.
  No, this is what tyranny looks like.
  It looks like filings in courts.
  It looks like show trials.
  People think, well, it's a trial, though.
  How could this be tyranny?
  He had a trial.
  Hitler, his first seven years was show trials.
  Hitler had trial, Stalin had trial, of course they have trial, of course they have to look like tyranny, make it look like it's legitimate.
  That's what tyranny looks like.
  So what we're seeing right now, the way they're trying to shut down InfoWars, the way they're going after Donald Trump, this is what tyranny looks like.
  Don't be looking for the swastika and the goose-stepping soldiers.
  It's happening right now all around you.
  And maybe this is the moment of, oh this can't happen in America, this will never happen in America.
  You know, this makes me think about this conversation that you were having yesterday, Alex, with Eddie Bravo and David Weiss on your show.
  It was a great hour, very entertaining.
  They're talking about the conspiracy theory around, I think it was, is it Tartaria?
  The ancient civilization that supposedly existed in North America that was wiped out and kept secret from us.
   If you look at the history of architecture, basically the world over, Incredible architecture was created by civilizations over the last 500 years specifically, even for subjects.
  So when India was basically colonized by England, even some of their public infrastructure, their train stations, their public buildings, were magnificent because there was a respect for humanity.
  And this ties in directly to what you were talking about with Elon Musk.
  Buildings were all temples.
  Yes, until the nuke dropped.
   Ever since we've had nuclear power, All of our buildings have been made to be temporary.
  You go to the DMV, it's just disheartening and soulless.
  There was a shift.
  Humanity suddenly became cheap when this military-industrial complex, this intelligence community took over and approached this utilitarian philosophy, this Machiavellian philosophy that it's okay to kill a thousand innocent people if it's going to save ten thousand innocent people, or it's okay to allow terrorist attacks to happen on the World Trade Center if it's going to get us involved in wars that are going to protect the global reserve currency status of the dollar.
   This is a real shift that's happening and it really does boil down to The anti-humanist versus the humanist.
  I just wanted to add that.
  Well, and I think... Now you're right, the CI came out in the 60s, he left us in the 80s with ugly architecture to demoralize us.
  Beautiful architecture lifts us up.
  Well, I think that...
  The importance of the monoliths and the wonders of the world and the ancient buildings of the world, the importance is really that it disproves human evolution.
   The theory of evolution has actually been completely disproven by 10,000, 20,000 year old, some older Engineering and architecture.
  It's been completely disproven, but they want you to think that you're not special.
  They want you to think that you evolved from a squirrel turd.
  They want you to think that, oh, we've got it all figured out.
  You're just randomly here on this rock floating through space.
  It's basically a life raft, so we have to have this managerial thing.
  So again, it all comes back to that.
  It all comes back to control.
  They made, they completely fabricated the theory of evolution.
   And that's not to say there isn't some element of evolution of life on this planet, but Humanity did not evolve over time from another animal.
  There is a divine creation behind humanity.
  You want to debate what it is, fine.
  But it's been proven that humanity has been the advanced species on this planet for tens of thousands of years.
  And what we envision, we build, we're amazing.
  Celebrate humanity.
  Don't attack it.
  Don't say it's the killing the Earth.
  So let's go to more spacious commenters.
  Viva, go ahead and speak if you've got something to say.
  Sorry about that.
  We had you muted on the broadcast.
  Go ahead and start over.
  Okay, no, don't worry about it.
  I just said I wanted to squeeze in because I might not be able to talk in five minutes.
  I heard what's going on.
  I'm trying to piece it together because I understand the broad details of this.
  Alex, during your trial, they made it clear that these defamation, these intentional infliction of emotional distress cases were not about any form of compensation for any form of injury.
  It was about shutting you down and shutting you up.
  The problem, and you touched on it, and I've been saying that this is where it's going to go for a while in terms of how they're going to legislate out Rumble's ability and Twitter's ability to promote free speech and to allow people who have been de-platformed by the legacy platforms to be compelled to be de-platformed on these new ones.
  I once posted a clip of my interview, one of my bits, on InfoWars on YouTube, on my channel.
  And they took it down because they said it was circumventing a ban on Alex Jones.
  That's the way legacy media has been preventing even others from sharing their own content on the legacy platforms by virtue of the bans and circumventing bans.
  They are going to, after they try to do this to you, and there's no coincidence that they've been empowered by these sham, manufactured convictions of Trump, that this is pretextual.
  They think that they now have the precedent that's been set for one sham of a conviction to go through some procedure, to now go through with lawfare to shut you down because they never wanted money from you, they wanted silence from you.
   They're going to, I suspect, Find a way to criminalize or penalize or legislate the prohibition of rebroadcasting your content.
  I don't want to make this all about me, but you guys are here.
  You've seen it.
  You've seen the calls come in.
  I'm not like trying to have some hype thing or some deal.
  We had plenty of money.
  This company's solvent.
  They don't shut down companies that have money.
  They don't want to settle.
  They said they're not going to settle.
  And then... They literally said, shut him down!
  They said, we'll take him off the air.
  So then, we tried to... Let me give you one of the answers, let me tell you.
  My dad has a lien on this because he still owed some money, a money he never got out.
  I talk to my dad like once a week.
  I'm sorry, I love my dad, but I hang out with my parents all day.
  We have dinner like once a month.
  I love my parents.
  I got my own life going on there.
  And my dad's lawyer files a thing last week saying, we want to have a hearing because we want to keep this in federal court.
  The judge says on the 14th he's kicking it out and we want to like keep this going.
  And then the CRO files a deal to shut us down yesterday because the judge said he's giving me the company back on the 14th.
  So that's not, I'm not a lawyer, that's very clear.
  That I said to my lawyers, he's about to close the company.
  And they're like, oh, that's crazy.
  You never do that.
  And then he tells the security, close the doors, kick us out.
  His lawyers tell him, don't do it.
  This is like desperation, Viva Fry.
  What do you think's going on?
  Well, it's even worse than that.
  It's not just that it's not in the best interest of the litigious creditors.
  It's against their interest to shut down the viable money-making enterprise.
  And so it violates the fiduciary obligations that they have towards the creditors.
  Exactly!
  This is crazy!
  There's no question it's crazy and I'm sure your attorneys will raise that argument because it's not... How does it benefit the creditors if they're bonafide?
  But I'm just telling you, Trump being convicted, not just my show, I'm talking to all these other big people, all hell broke loose.
  The globalists have launched some type of attack because it's happening...
  And at the risk of predicting something that comes true again, what they're going to do is penalize any secondary platform that allows your content to be on it by saying, oh, he can't monetize that himself, therefore we're going to claim that from you and you're going to have these federal entities going after Twitter for anybody who monetizes your content by amplifying it.
  Same thing with Rumble.
   They might even try some form of legislation to circumvent... Well let me tell you what happened, because I can say this because they were dumb enough In not a three months ago, two months ago at a federal courthouse, they had a judge, the media, a great guy in Fort Worth.
  They said this in multiple meetings.
  They said, we don't want money.
  And Chris Maddy, who runs it all, who works for Blumenthal said, I'm going to be Blumenthal's slot.
  He told my lawyers, I don't care.
  We're not, we don't care about money.
  This is an order from the, so he's so empowered that he's with my lawyers telling him, we don't care.
  Blumenthal runs this.
  I'm going to be the next U.S.
  Senator.
  They're admitting it, Viva.
  It is, and what they're admitting also is that they are acting against the best interests of the creditors that they allegedly purport to represent.
  And I no longer have faith that the courts, or at least the lower-level courts, are going to adjudicate correctly.
  You'll hope for some appellate release if they get away with this.
  But they're going to find creative ways and ham-fisted ways to prevent anybody from even amplifying you by hosting you on their channel.
  I'm sure of it.
  And it won't succeed.
  But it's not a coincidence.
  Yeah, they're going to say, he will pay us our billion dollars when they won't even make a settlement.
  No, no, no, there's no question.
  But the timing is, Alex, they still blame you for Trump getting elected in 2016 because you're a populist voice.
  It's six months out of November.
  It's not a coincidence.
  So what is your advice?
  What should I do?
  I mean, I didn't sit here and take it.
  They were going to close this yesterday.
  They gave orders to close it today.
  Like any good lawyer, I won't give legal advice, but I'm not licensed anymore, so I can't even do it, Alex.
  No, the bottom line is, the Streisand effect is what it is and will be the response.
  When I read the tweet, I'm like, oh, the original tweet saying you're getting shut down, I gotta double check this, and then you get confirmation.
  The amplification by the voices will be even greater now.
  But it is a life and death, politically speaking, battle.
  And they're coming hard and they're empowered by what they saw.
  This is a human of Earth.
  This signifies weakness by them.
  Who compels the fiduciary duty?
  Who compels the fiduciary duty in this?
  Well, they're supposed to represent their clients.
  They admit it's not even their pawns.
  Go ahead, go ahead.
  No, the trustee in bankruptcy, the trustee in bankruptcy who's entrusted to run the business is supposed to act in the best interest of presumably the business.
  And he's trying to shut down a profitable business.
  What does that tell you?
  It tells you that they use the families of Sandy Hook as their own political tools.
  They have no problem using anyone as political pawns and political tools.
  But the bottom line, Alex, you'll do the rounds on everybody's channel, and if you'll do me the honor, you'll start or come online and we'll talk about this, because I want to know the legalities.
  Well, that's my question.
  Why can't they think one step ahead?
  Like, they freaked out they would air this tape.
  And they're like, we're gonna take you off the air.
  And I went, Oh, you think that stops?
  Oh, like, like, they it's dumb.
  No, but they're dumb.
  But meanwhile, you saw when they had the incident with Russell Brand, and then they go after Rumble, and then they go after the other platform saying, Are you guys making money or letting him make money off his content on your platform, they're going to go after the platforms even harder after this.
   And they're going to create some sort of Yep, I think so.
  But I'm going to continue listening on mute now, but Godspeed Alex.
  Keep it up.
  Thank you.
  Really sophisticated things he said.
   host you I'm sure of it but exactly under law they have to try to grab my paycheck or go after me they're gonna claim those pay me or bad exactly it's a
   way to demonetize everybody yep I think so but I'm gonna continue listening on mute now but Godspeed Alex keep it up thank you really sophisticated things he
   said who's up next I'm just so glad I don't have to deal with all the legal I come in, I do my show, I get to just read the news all day.
  People don't understand the stuff Alex does.
  It's okay, I asked for it.
  It's alright, this is a piece of cake.
  It's insane though.
  I'm just glad people are seeing a little bit behind the curtain.
  But the crazy part is, this will make the show ten times bigger, but I'm not like a jerk trying to fire the crew or trying to do this.
  I'm like, guys, you're like, leave me, they won't leave me alone.
  The big secret is, I would already plan to be retired.
  These people are nuts.
  Who's up next?
  There, Chase Geyser.
  Alright, I'm going to hear from Nick.
  And Nick, I want you to pick the next speaker after you give your thoughts on what Viva said and what we've been talking about.
  Sure, and I feel like one of the biggest points that Diva brought up was the idea that, you know, what are they exactly trying to do?
  Because Alex, you've been talking this entire time about you do still have a solvent company regardless of the fact that they're trying to shut you down.
  They're trying to remove all of your revenue streams to destroy any ability to, you know, pay your hosts, pay your basic bills.
  That's their ultimate goal.
  And that's what the CRO did was cut off all the funds.
  As if he thought I had no money, I'd care.
  I don't give a shit.
  Yeah, well that's exactly the point that I was making earlier, is that it's clear that this is not... money is not your motivator.
  It's about getting... I mean, think about it, Alex.
  We talk about the fact that you've got, what, 300-something radio stations that you allow broadcast your show for free?
  You don't charge them a dime?
  You just need... you know...
  You're getting the reach out there, but so I've been looking through the audience questions that we're getting there down there in the bottom right-hand corner.
  Guys, it's a purple pill.
  Like 872 of you have done this.
  And one of the questions that we're getting a lot, Alex, is what does being shut down look like?
  You know, because some of these people have been listening to you for years and they're afraid that they're not going to be able to hear your voice anymore.
  Just to sum it up, generally speaking, what does it look like to be shut down and how do you overcome that?
  Well, I've tried to save InfoWars, so I've made myself not think about that and try to just save this.
  But now that we're so down to the wire, we just get bigger.
  As many interviews as I want to do.
  I have a new employer.
  They can't stop the First Amendment.
  It's still there.
  We try to bring the crew back.
  I haven't even worried about all that.
  But, I mean, I've been a little Machiavellian about it.
  I'll be honest, I'll say strategy on air.
   I mean, I could easily Go instead of hiking two miles every morning, hike five miles every morning, lift weights, lose like 30 pounds in a few months, disappear for a while, create total hysteria, which I wouldn't give up, I would just kind of take a pause, like putting the, you know, the executor starship in the dock.
   Retool it and then come roaring back or I would know in me I'll probably immediately do all the interviews and immediately just go on a rampage and immediately go set something else up but I haven't I haven't it's kind of like I don't shoot on my wife but if she died I would probably find another woman to get remarried so it's kind of like this woman dies which I'm trying to save her I'm at the hospital with her holding her hand then if she's dead I'll bury her next week and I'll go get another woman next week Because I need a woman, you know, that's what I do.
  So it's kind of like, that's the psychology is, I've not changed horses in the middle of the stream, I've not done anything about, you know, something else, but it's unlimited.
  I mean, which it shows their one-dimensional attack, because they're not thinking.
  Does that make sense, Nick?
  Absolutely, yeah, absolutely it does and we appreciate that.
  If you want to go to people on the panel, I'd recommend maybe letting Dustin Stockton jump in.
  I know Dustin, I know you've been... Yeah, get him on, I'm not being rude, I gotta take a piss.
  So, you guys talk for a minute, I'll make it two minutes.
  Sure.
  Alright, go for it Dustin.
  Well, I want to elaborate on something that Viva said, which is this is all about the election.
  This is all about the lawfare.
  This is their fucking playbook, right?
  The entire goal is to disrupt what we would normally be doing, right?
   I've been listening to Alex since he first went to Bohemian Grove, like way back in the day, and the entire The process is the plan, which is instead of covering the Hunter Biden trial and the Trump convictions and everything else that's going on, they're tying up Alex, they're tying up Steve Bannon, they're tying up anybody who has the courage to speak out against their bullshit.
  I was really moved by what Liz said.
  We all have to band together to amplify the voices that they are trying to silence.
  This is a fundamental attack, not just on free speech, but on all of our freedom.
  And if you think that they won't come to silence you, that you won't be debanked, that they won't send these fucking lawyers out to wreck your life and to knock you off course, then you've got another thing coming.
  The communists, the Bolsheviks, their weapons of authoritarianism always get pointed to you.
  So I'll be taking my team.
  Dustin, Hunter Biden due in court Monday.
   this week, I will continue to speak until, right, I'm sure it's coming, it came before the 2020 election, here we are, like, right before the next election, and it's the same
  lawfare tactic being implemented by the same fucking scumbag.
   Dustin, Hunter Biden due in court Monday, are they allowing live coverage, or do you have to just report after you leave the courtroom?
  So, we are still, to be honest, I'm not sure.
  I have a press badge.
  I have a couple press badges.
  I also, I'm rolling deep.
  We're going to have a mobile billboard.
  I've got two video crews with me.
  And I'm guessing probably about 50 activists.
  And so, we're going to bring as much attention... And by the way, that's what's scaring the establishment, is the human potential that's being unleashed, man.
  This wave has not even begun.
  Well, and Alex, I just want to tell you, man, like, we stand with you.
  Like, continue to fight, continue to speak out, and continue to keep your eye on the prize.
  All of this bullshit, all this internal bullshit, it's all designed to knock you off course and to stop providing people with the voice that you've provided us for decades.
  And so, we stand with you.
  We will continue to fight for you and amplify.
  If there's anything that we can do, you just have to ask and we will rally for you.
  Well, I appreciate you.
  Just take this live feed of Real Alex Jones right now and repost it because I'm putting it all on the line here.
  I love this crew.
  I love this operation.
  I don't want to restart.
  But I can't not back down.
  These people are like cowards.
  They're just so pathetic.
  They think we're stupid.
  And I don't know what their problem is.
  They just don't stop.
  They're like minions.
  They love the system.
  Thank you so much.
  Who else is up next?
  This could be the last broadcast.
  I mean, they're literally... Last night and tonight, they're like, we're going to shut it down.
  We're going to padlock it.
  And their own lawyers are like, we can't do that legally.
  But it's all going to go down.
  It's all happening right now.
  Yeah, but we're not going to let that happen.
  We have a lot of people here supporting you, Alex.
  You have other big creators that are benefiting from the freedom of speech that X in particular gives, and Rumble and such, and somebody like Diligent Denizen, who we have up here on stage as well.
  Diligent, jump in.
  Yeah, man.
  I think that what we saw was the flag, right?
  The go flag for them to start implementing all of the levers of power against dissent that they have.
  Exactly.
  The enemy assault has begun.
  They've been given green light.
  Attack.
  You're dead on.
  Go ahead.
  Yeah, yeah.
  As soon as Donald Trump was convicted and they said, OK, you know, there's not people... By the way, that's all over the news today.
  They say we're going to outlaw Trump supporters.
  That's in the news everywhere.
  We're going to outlaw them now.
  It's about you're convicted.
  You're a criminal.
  Yeah.
  And by the way, this is the trend that we've gone through here at InfoWars over the years where...
  It's like if somebody sues Alex or somebody sues InfoWars, it becomes like chum in the water.
  And unfortunately, I get mixed up in this crap too.
  So it's like somebody will sue InfoWars, somebody sue Alex, and then there'll be like four or five other lawsuits that show up.
  And it's mostly just frivolous that gets tossed out.
  But it's like, it's like chum in the water.
  So it's like, oh, we got Trump.
  That's like the chum in the water.
  And now it's like, oh, okay, everybody, everybody hop on.
  Everybody do what you got to do.
  Do your evil.
  Look, they're trying to get Samuel Alito forcibly recused.
  Jamie Raskin said the DOJ should force Supreme Court Justices Thomas and Alito to recuse themselves in Alito's case because he flew a flag that George Washington once flew.
  It was at the San Francisco City Hall and it's flown everywhere.
  It is totally normal.
  I mean, they are setting the groundwork.
  But that's the executive trying to take over the judicial.
  That's a coup!
  Sorry, go ahead.
  No, it's the destruction of the three branches of government.
  The checks and balances are basically abolished at this point.
  The DOJ and the executive branch operates completely without congressional oversight.
  The FBI, the CIA, the Congress will demand something from them, they refuse it, nothing's done.
  That means our representatives don't have any power.
  That means we aren't able to vote for people.
  But the good news is, it's out of the open now.
  We've drugged the CIA out, and I'm glad you bring up the CIA, because that's another issue we have in Congress, where they get up and they have these hearings with the FBI or the CIA, and it's like they've somehow forgotten their role here.
  The CIA, the FBI, they are under you!
  They are under you!
  You run the show, and there's just like this weird thing of, oh no, the FBI runs the DC government now, oh no, the CIA runs the government now.
  That's not the correct flow of power.
  That is the actual... On CNN they're like, don't worry, the CIA runs things.
  So they've gone from denying it to like, don't worry, the CIA... New York Times, it turns out the Deep State exists and it's great!
  It's full of patriots.
  It's absurd.
  That's what they say.
  But the good news is we forced them out of the oven.
  Well, and that's the process.
  Obviously, it's not new that the spy state has been running things.
  They've been doing it for decades.
  That's the process.
  They want everybody to get used to that.
  They want everybody to acknowledge that, hey, this whole democracy thing, it doesn't work out.
  We got Joe Biden as a result.
  And they don't want to give us vacations and swimming pools and freedom.
  They want to cut our son's dicks off.
  It's like, dude, no, man, we're not with you.
  It's obscene.
  Well, they want to cut their own children's wee-wees off.
   But, you know, this is a realization I've had, too, because It's kind of been a conservative talking point recently that, oh, well, conservatives will procreate and we'll inherit the earth and our children will inherit the earth.
  We're two decades behind.
  The liberals conquered the education system 20 years ago.
  They're indoctrinating your kids.
  So they already got out ahead of you.
  You're just realizing it now.
  Oh, wow.
  You know, we got to have kids and we got to not send them to the public schools.
  They've indoctrinated the kids.
  Look at what happened to these college students.
  Look at what happens now to the younger grade.
  So there's been a kind of an awakening with that too.
  Yeah, stop over accentuating our victories and realize we are gaining, but we're still down.
  There's that famous video.
  Yeah, the choir of San Francisco.
  We're going to indoctrinate your kids.
  We're going to screw them.
  Um, let's uh, who's the next person?
  Alright, let's go next to, let's give Bill Elmore the floor.
  I always love hearing from Bill.
  Bill's a major host as well.
  Bill, what do you have to say?
  Go ahead and unmute yourself.
  Thank you.
  There's no way they're going to shut you down.
  I mean, they may shut this down, but you've got so many folks here on X on Rumble.
  You know, we we will all broadcast, we'll host, we'll co-host, you know, until you find your next, you know, whatever it is.
  There's no way they're going to shut you down.
  They're trying to hide.
  And I'll just echo a diligent said right there.
  There's chum in the water and they're doing so many things in the background.
   It's like the news cycle is The World Health Organization is approving IHR to give away our sovereignty for our healthcare.
  All this stuff is happening at the same time, they're firing on all cannons, and we've got to stand up and we've got to say, hell no, we're not going to comply, we're not going to put up with it, and we're definitely not going to be shut up.
  No, I agree.
  As long as we join the fight, we're going to win.
  Well, the World Health Organization actually took a major loss and they're kind of having to re-scramble the deck now because they did not get approval for their global pandemic treaty.
  They totally failed.
  And Tedros has egg on his face now.
  So they're trying to re-scramble the deck.
  I don't know if there's been some other new development since the... Well, they're going to try to bring it back.
  But no, he said last week, we're screwed.
  Yeah, so I don't know if Bill has some new news, how they're re-scrambling the deck, but they failed on their global pandemic treaty, but they said... Well, they're going to play possible.
  Oh, we give up?
  And then try it again.
  Or just release another virus and then say, see, this is all you needed.
  It's a smokescreen, guys.
  It's a smokescreen.
  Because they work around the clock, through the weekend.
  Because when you face your enemy head-on, and you win, they go underground.
  And that's what they did.
  They just went underground.
  And they said, OK, we're going to do Antedras.
  I have him on video.
  We're going to do whatever it takes.
  We're still going to do this, right?
  So I've been hosting spaces with Dr. Ken Tatlin.
  No, I agree.
  When they play Possum, it's key to realize they're coming right back.
  It's a constant battle.
  There's no way.
  They didn't even skip a beat.
  And they are continuing what they want to do.
  They're out there saying disease X, disease X. Now they've said disease X is H5N1, the next bird flu.
  They're pushing that.
  They're going to try to use that as fear tactic to get more power.
  They're not giving up and we've got to keep fighting.
  No, I agree with you.
  Thank you for the spacious comment.
  I just want to point out, I slept here last night and I knew today when I exposed stuff earlier, it's now been posted on X and we try to shut us down.
  The law came into play and they said, we can't do that without a court order, but they are trying to close the doors here right now.
  They're that dumb.
  And so that's where we are.
  And if the people out there think doing that will stop anything coming out, you're really stupid, I thought.
  Because this operation is our studio.
  This is where we do the show.
  This is not how the show gets out.
  Well, it's kind of like with Trump.
  He got $50 million plus in small donations.
  It's now $60 million.
  Yeah, well, in the first 24 hours, it was $50 million.
  So I guess it's probably, who knows where it's at now.
  I think it's $80 million now.
  Yeah.
  So 24 hours, it was a record, small donations, $50 million.
  Broke the website.
  Yeah.
  The point is, we're fighting back.
  That's the point.
  It's not a one-way street, guys.
  You want to try to set us up, put us in jail?
  Okay, well, we're going to speak out against you.
  Nick Sordor, anybody else we should go to?
  Or Chase Geiser?
  Hey, thank you for having me, Alex.
  Thank you for everything you've done over the years.
  I would not be awake and I would not be doing what I'm doing if it wouldn't have been for InfoWars years ago.
   go. If you're still with us, go ahead and unmute yourself. Otherwise, let's bounce to Nick. Okay, go ahead. No, no. Hey, thank you for having me, Alex. Thank you for everything you've done over
   the years. I would not be awake and I would not be doing what I'm doing if it wouldn't have been for InfoWars years ago. So this attack that's happening on our country and our president
  is the flag drop.
  This is the green light.
  They are coming full-blown after us and after free speech.
  I know you don't know who I am Alex, but I've been censored and I worked in Hollywood for 30 years and I made a film called Out of Shadows and it got over a hundred million views and it got me kicked off of pretty much every social media platform there was and now I've been fortunate to be back on X.
  And I just want to thank you for the long fight that you've put on.
  You're a big part of my awakening, and I'm here to support you in any way I can.
  I think we have to support each other because it's now or never, really, until November.
  And I just want to say thank you.
  And thank you for letting me speak.
  I'll stick around a little bit.
   But Bill, Nick, Liz, all you guys, You know, diligent.
  I mean, I see so many people in here that I follow and I'm fans of and that have been motivational for me and have made me research more and stay in this fight.
  Because believe me, it gets tiring.
  It gets old.
  But they have... But the alternative of totally submitting is way worse.
  Like Steve Bannon just texted me, what can he do?
  I'm going to try to get him on right now.
  I mean, this is epic.
  They literally yesterday were going to lock the doors.
  And shut the company down and just gas lit.
  Oh, it's just two weeks to go away.
  It's okay.
  I said, no, I'm gonna stay on air.
  This is BS.
  And then today they gave the orders again and the lawyers all met and said, oh, well, we can't do that.
  I mean, there's no court order, but that's how desperate they are out of the clear blue sky.
  Because again, the conviction of Trump was their assault.
   That was their Boom!
  That is, it's like Mordor is assaulting right now.
  I mean, this is going on right now.
  I mean, I'm just telling you.
  And folks, I don't sit here and hype stuff.
  The fact that God keeps coming through, we keep hanging on.
  I think you're probably going to get proved for you very soon.
  We'll probably be shut down soon.
  I hope not.
  But just, I'm not, I swear on my children.
  Like Godfather says in, you know, the great Godfather, he says, all the souls of my grandchildren, I don't want anyone to break the peace.
  This is going on, people.
  I don't cry wolf, okay?
  I'm hard to kill.
  So it kind of gets like, well, Jones is still there.
  He's like, because you held me up and I'm barely hanging on by my fingernails.
  That's a frustrating thing is we survive these attacks and people go, ah, the attack must not have been real.
  It's like, no, we're sitting here bleeding out, but we've survived and somehow people think that's fake.
  I remember probably the first month I worked here because I got hired as a cameraman.
  I was going around with you and Roger Stone and I thought it was so cool because we were filming in downtown Austin.
   We went to some steakhouse and I'm sitting there and I'm like, I'm in a room with Alex Jones and Roger Stone like this is crazy I'm here in the inside baseball and I'm like trying to remember everything's I'm like this is this a once-a-lifetime and then the next day you guys go on air and say all the same stuff that you said at dinner the night before so I'm like oh I didn't hear anything secret I wasn't privy to any secret you know information because everything that you do you just do publicly and I people can't comprehend that they think there's got to be something hidden there's got if he's saying this really something else is going on and it's like how about the truth is Joe the power is real
  You say it in public and that's the truth.
  It's amazing.
  You mean the fake meat doesn't sell well?
  Fake meat doesn't sell well.
  Fake meat at the grocery store sells?
  Were you there when I helicoptered him the meat?
  10 million?
  Oh yeah, yeah.
  That was a crazy time.
  We were still on YouTube and we'd be walking down the street in Austin, Texas, filming a live video, running into people, watching the live video on their phone, looking up and going, hey, I'm watching you guys right now.
  I mean, we were everywhere.
  It was amazing.
  It was 35 million a day conservatively.
  It was incredible.
  On derivatives, not like clips, like 35 million a day on the show.
  It was, it was... Biggest show ever!
  Oh, it was number one.
  Which is great, because we've won the fucking Indy 500.
  We've been number one, which it wasn't about, but the truth was key.
  But then, it was taken out of the race.
  It's like, we know we'll win the race, so I've already won.
  It's like, you know... That's a great analogy, because I remember...
  I mean it was, the Alex Jones Show was 100,000 a day on the live stream, easy.
  I could upload any video we did, million views overnight.
  You really watered this down Owen, you had videos with 50 million views, so did Paul Watson.
  He had one with like 100 million views.
  Yeah.
  I mean it was ridiculous, like, I'm like, oh there's 50 million, 20 million, 30 million, I couldn't even keep track of them every day.
  It's like, you know, there's the rumors that, oh, you know, the NBA made Michael Jordan retire or whatever.
  I don't believe that.
  But that's kind of like, I mean, we were forced out of the game.
  It was like, we were too good.
  We were the perennial champs.
  So they just, they said, you got to... I mean, you exposed Abe Skrillex.
  In fact, we're uploading that to my ex-account probably tonight or tomorrow.
  We're going to upload the entire full AIDS Skrillex original exchange, hundreds of millions of views.
  And again, we're not trying to brag folks, but people want freedom.
  So we've already, like Muhammad Ali and everybody, we've already, you know, literally, it's insane.
  So it doesn't feel bad when you're taken out of the game because you just went too much.
  There it is.
  We're going to put that full video up on my ex-account.
  Hold on, let's play it.
  Get the audio going.
  I mean, this thing's probably got 500 million views.
  That's a conservative number.
  Here is what they don't want you to see.
  Here's Owen Schroeder.
  Donald Trump wants to obey the laws on immigration!
  Donald Trump wants to- This country was founded on immigration!
  You're a fucking white male!
  A wall!
  Mexico has a wall on their southern border!
  Is that racist?
  No, racist!
  It's 2016, not 1916!
  The good old white days are over with!
  Ain't no more of them days, bruh!
  It's over!
  That's not racist!
  I'm racist though!
  I'm racist!
  That's not racist, I'm racist!
  You've never experienced oppression in your entire f***ing life!
  Neither have I!
  You're a f***ing white male!
  There it is.
  No, explain to me how Trump is like Hitler.
  Are you kidding me?
  It's classic.
  Brilliant stuff.
  And that really is why they hate InfoWars.
  I don't think they would care as much if we just talked about stuff.
  It's the fact that you and you both took it to the streets and actually became activists in addition to just talking about it.
  Well, we just keep nailing it, not because we're... It's... Anybody can do this.
  And that's what they don't want, is that I was telling everybody, you could do this.
  Yeah.
  I was telling the listeners, hey, I want you to join America.
  I'm like Uncle Sam, like, I want you.
  And they're like, whoa.
  Like, the callers call, oh, thanks for taking my call.
  Like, thanks for calling.
  Like, oh, thank you Alex for coming to an event.
  What, thank you for standing up for my fucking future?
  Stop thinking about this as like some exclusive cult.
  It ain't, man.
  It's freedom.
  Well, and now, too, you know, I've virtually, and I kind of make the analogy, I mean, I'm basically a prisoner of war under my federal probation.
  But you're a fucking white male.
  I can't do anything as a fucking white male, you know.
  But the point is, okay, so I'm kind of out of the field.
  If I can't really go out, if I get arrested, I'm gone.
  You're not going to hear me for a year, so I'm playing it safe, whatever.
  But that's fine.
  We got Shaney Rich out there talking to people, exposing the libs on the tree.
  You got Fleckus Talks out there.
  Exactly.
  I don't get jealous when I see badass people.
  I go, oh yeah, oh my God.
  So when I meet like an activist comes to the show, they're like, oh God, Alex Jones, you're a legend.
  I'm like, no, you are a legend.
  Because I had Charlton Heston literally telling me, go take action, you're a leader, blah, blah, blah.
  I want to be like him, like he understood stuff.
  I'm like talking about the future, like, oh no, you're special, not me.
  Because it's giving all these people, black people, white people, it's beautiful.
  And that's what they hate though, because that's why they play this game of racial division and identity politics.
  That's why they get so pissed.
  Joe Biden says, you ain't black if you don't vote for me.
  I'm like, oh.
  Well, here's the advice.
  The reason we're here on Saturday night, your family's here, Chase's family's here.
  We've all got family.
  My wife's like, we were supposed to, you know, go out to the park today and go eat dinner.
  This could be the final show.
  I mean, literally yesterday, they were going to padlock the doors.
  Then they gave the orders again today, and then their own people wouldn't follow them.
  So I'll try to come back tomorrow at 4pm.
  I don't know, but it's kind of like, wow, this place is special.
  By the way, when this show's over, we should walk around and shoot a video of the tour and just talk about the history for five minutes, because this is going to be our last time here.
  I mean, I've got to, like, get my family books out of here.
  I'll probably do that.
  Actually, I'm probably going to do that in 20 minutes, is what I'm going to do.
  That's what I'm saying.
  I feel like, because I've got, like, books I had when I was a kid here, I've got to get my stuff out, man.
  There's a good chance this place ain't here.
  And everybody's like, oh yeah, right, this is a fucking stunt.
  I don't pull stunts, man.
  I pull revolutions.
  Okay?
  You bet your bottom fucking dollar, dude.
  I don't fucking lie to you, okay?
  Chase Geiser, I see it not in your head.
  Wait a second.
  Well, I was just nodding my head because I was agreeing with what you said.
  And I've been here for a year.
  I've been listening to you, Alex, since 2021.
  Basically, after January 6th, I started listening to InfoWars because I lost all faith in traditional media.
  And I didn't know what to expect when I got here.
  I didn't know if you were going to be different off-air than you are on-air.
  And people ask me that question all the time.
  I mean, what's Alex like off-air?
  Is he chill?
  Is he totally different?
  And I tell them that you're even more intense off-air.
   The first time you walked into my office, Alex, It's crazy what they're doing out there.
  Those CIAs are trying to tear everything.
  I mean, it was like a broadcast one-on-one in my closet office on the other side when I first started here.
  And I tell people that off-air, you're like Alex Jones at 11, right?
  And I tell people that you tell the truth, but you take it to 11, and you're the real deal, man.
  That's why I was nodding as you were saying that.
  Second spinal tap, Alex.
  You're the 13.
  But that's all that matters is being real.
  Like, why are these people fake?
  He's like, he goes, could you just make it 10?
  He goes, but it's 11.
  Can't you just make it 11?
  So, this could be the last show.
  I feel like I should just stay here all night.
  I mean, I'm serious, folks.
  This is like so fucked up.
  I mean, it's just...
  This is so fucked up.
  It's just like, such a fucked up people.
  It's like, they're such scum too.
  They gaslight.
  We're not doing anything to you.
  Nothing's happening.
  Don't be upset.
  None of that.
  Fuck you!
  You want fucking war, you got it!
  So, who else is next?
  Let's go to Drew Hernandez.
  Drew Hernandez is obviously an InfoWars veteran and he's joined the space.
  He's got his hand raised.
  Go ahead and unmute yourself, Drew.
  Say what you have to say, ma'am.
  Hey, what's going on?
  Alex, crew there at InfoWars.
  I know we're speaking to the world right now, but I want people to really, really zero in their mind.
  Really, really zero in their heart, their spirit.
  Christ is king regardless.
   And the number one mistake that tyrants have always made And they seem to not learn from, and maybe it's like a generational thing, that these globalists and these... It's satanic, Drew, you know that.
  It's satanic.
  They're blind.
   These satanic psychopaths fail to recognize is the moment, the moment you begin to make a martyr out of a movement, out of a man, out of an entity, out of an idea, Is the moment that idea man or entity explodes and it spreads across the entire world.
  So what they've done to Trump, this is all happening within the same week.
  But they've done to Trump.
  This is a huge coup.
  It's a huge sweep.
  InfoWars is tied up into it because we all know.
  And Alex, I know that you try to be humble about this, but all the InfoWarriors are gonna agree with me.
  InfoWars was the tip of the spear of getting Donald J. Trump elected in 2016.
  We all know it.
  We all witnessed it.
  We all saw it.
  And then the Deep State confirmed it.
  Even Google made that very clear that you guys were the reason.
  And that...
  Transcends the man Alex Jones, that transcends the man Donald J. Trump, that transcends the man Owen J. Schroer, that transcends the man Harrison Smith.
   It goes beyond individuals and people and I'm speaking to normies directly right now because if you are sitting at home and you are watching this One second that this cannot ever be you.
  I don't want to be controversial.
  I'm going to sit on the sidelines.
  I'm going to be milquetoast.
  I'm really not going to have an opinion.
  I'll just go along.
  I'll go with the flow.
  I will not, you know, be a type of individual that will be considered right wing or alt right because I'm just going to, I'm just going to obey and go along with what they tell me to do.
  That's not how it works.
  That's not how it ever has worked.
   Because at some point in your life, there will be something you disagree
  with these people.
   And it's not about being ideologically lined up with
  the regime.
   It's about being totally in obedience and submission for
   the rest of your entire life, regardless of what they tell you.
   Regardless of what they say to believe, if you are not willing to
   deny reality when they tell you to deny reality, well, that's when you
   end up in the scope, in the crosshairs, and you will be.
  No, I totally agree and that's what my uncle that was in Iran-Contra as a commander told me.
  He said he did all this stuff believing he was countering evil.
  He was being evil to counter evil.
  He said at a certain point he got so evil that he was trapping kids out of Guatemala.
  He was involved.
  He knew about it.
  He ran the airfields.
  He said you will reach a point where you make a decision.
  I'm going to come right back to you, but I asked Steve Bannon to call in.
  We need to go to him.
  I'll come back to you, Drew Hernandez.
  He's a great pastor, great talk show host.
  Steve, you sent me a message.
  I appreciate you reaching out.
  Yeah, they tried to lock the building up last night.
  I literally confronted the security that's part of my company and said, the law says this, you have to have an order.
  They're trying to even shut it down tonight.
  And I see this all as the desperation of the deep state of what's going on.
  We're a solvent company.
  We have plenty of money.
  We're in a federal court separately who the court appointed is trying to shut us down right now.
  Steve, you're a really smart guy.
  You're in a massive attack yourself.
  You don't make a big deal about it.
  I just see this as an indicator of the enemy has launched the major assault.
  We're seeing it everywhere.
  The conviction of Trump, the show trial, was their charge call.
  And I think you probably agree with me, but the people you know, this is it.
  It's going down right now.
  I think Drew was 100% correct.
  I mean, look at the role you played in 2016.
  The deep state absolutely knows the power of InfoWars, the power of your team, the power of you personally as a personal example.
  So it doesn't surprise me at all.
  They just moved on President Trump and, you know, they're going to try to imprison President Trump.
  At least put him under house arrest so he can't campaign.
  So now they're just going to knock down.
  I mean, to them, this is the last scene in Godfather 1.
  They're going to move on everybody.
  They're definitely, if they don't shut down InfoWars, if they don't shut you down, they're not going to win.
  And they know that.
  And they're playing Smash Mouth.
  This is why you have the controlled opposition Republican Party.
  Uh, they won't do anything about it.
  Look, Megyn Kelly, I thought, saw it best.
  We have to go Old Testament on it.
  We have to start throwing subpoenas out.
  We have to start arresting people.
  Right?
  We have to do it.
  Obviously, you have to have charges, but we got the receipts.
  That's why the House right now, and Chip Roy, who's no radical, Chip Roy's calling for Southern governors.
  To arrest Mayorkas and Biden.
  This is where we are right now.
  And obviously they're going to move on InfoWars.
  That's why you've got to protect however you protect this operation, this franchise, and your ability to communicate is a high order.
  And we're all in for any assistance that we're bringing.
  I know Jack Pasova, Charlie Kirk, the people that know and admire you, got your back.
  We just need, we need marching orders.
  Well, brother, you're smarter than I am.
  I just, it's full on assault.
  And good news was I caught them trying to set me up.
  I recorded them.
  I don't normally do that.
  You know, and I got their ass.
  I got them.
  But this, to me, it's bigger than Alex Jones.
  It's the focal group of this big audience, your audience.
  They are, I want listeners to know this is the big assault.
  You're right.
  I mean, people, you know, this is it.
  And giving into this is the end of America, the end of freedom.
  I mean, we have got to be full on supporting the war room.
  Supporting what you're doing, everything we're doing.
  So, Steve, I know you don't have a lot of time.
  I don't want to make it about us, but when I leave here tonight, they are literally trying to padlock the doors.
  I slept here last night and this is all going on and it's so surreal.
  We ought to get some volunteers.
  I mean, I'll make some calls to get some volunteers down near your studio and have other people go down and stay there tonight so they can't padlock the doors.
  I mean, you're essential.
   Look, when you have people like Megyn Kelly and Trip Roy, Who are not exactly radical, saying, hey...
  Things have to change.
  Chip Royce saying Southern Governors and Attorney Generals ought to start arresting Mayorkas in Garland.
  And Megyn Kelly saying go with Old Testament.
  This is the time of trying right now.
  No, Steve, it's not like they have fake charges against Trump.
  We have Fentanyl and MS-13 and government mafia and child trafficking.
  The Democrats are wide open.
  If the Attorney Generals and Governors, you're right, speak to that.
  The great example is trying to put him in jail.
  Ken Paxton, he's the archetype.
  If we just get behind Ken Paxton... The folks in Texas know this.
  They initiated an invasion of the southern border.
  Child trafficking on the southern border.
  Working with the Chinese Communist Party for the second opium war for fentanyl.
  Losing more people a year than we lost in all of Vietnam.
  These are high crimes and misdemeanors.
  These receipts are right there.
  Chip Roy called for it, for Southern Governors and Attorney Generals and people like Ken Paxton and the Attorney General of Florida and others to start doing some arrests.
  And by the way, color inside the lines because there's plenty of information out there.
  You saw the backflips they went to get President Trump.
  Which is completely ludicrous.
  Steve, can you imagine the backing governors and attorney generals are going to have when they do this?
  It's going to be incredible.
  We need the authority of the states now, you're right, to do this now.
  So what do you advise?
  Because a lot of people are watching, attorney generals listening to you.
  What should they do, Steve?
  I think you've got to flood the zone with calls, whether they're from Georgia, Florida, Texas, those right there.
  You've got the Bonnie Willis situation, you've got this bogus situation down in South Florida.
  You've got Texas and the invasion.
  I mean, hey, by the way, other southern governors, because remember, every state's a border state, every town's a border town, you've got fentanyl, you've got all of it.
  It's time, and they can't hide behind, oh, well, this and that, it doesn't work anymore.
  The Trump, the finding Trump guilty on Thursday changed everything.
  That is a, that is a bright dividing line in American history.
  And we have to, we have to go on offense.
  We have to go on offense.
  I agree.
  But let's talk about offense, Steve Bannon.
  Let's talk about offense, but also the enemy now, they've crossed the Rubicon.
  They're going all out.
  What do you expect them to do?
  What do we do?
  I think what they're going to do is things like yours.
  They're going to use the bankruptcy law.
  They're going to use FCC.
  They'll use everything to start shutting people down.
  There's no doubt about it.
  They're going to try to shut people down.
  They're going to try to, they're bankrupt.
  Look at the bankruptcy laws right now.
  You've got Rudy tied up, you've got half a dozen, O'Keefe's got a half a dozen people that are coming after to try to shut down.
  Look at Mike Lindell.
  Every voice that stood up on the right, they're trying to shut down.
  They're trying, I understand.
  It's Trump and they've got to get that second concentric ring around Trump.
  Everybody from Roger Stone to Mike Lindell.
  And they're coming and they're rolling hard.
  By the way, if you and I were on their side with the momentum they've got, we'd roll hard too.
  I see exactly what they're doing, that there's no doubt that they cannot lose this election.
  If they lose this election with the crimes that they've committed, and the smart people we have that are going to come in the second term in the Justice Department and in the White House Counsel's Office, these people will all be in prison.
  They understand that.
  That's what they're going to put on July 11th.
  Why do you think they scheduled this thing for one week?
  Before he takes the stage and- No, and I totally agree.
  They admit Trump's gonna arrest them because they deserve to be arrested.
  It'd be a dereliction of duty if he didn't.
  We're not out for retribution, but this is a coup.
  They're extremely weak.
  No, we would know.
  The good news is that Trump already called it.
  It's just using the rule of law.
  That's why these Republican AGs, it's state color inside the lines.
  There's plenty of receipts about their criminality.
  It's up in your face about their criminality.
  Look how Abbott, as much as he's been accommodating, of the criminality of what they're doing on the southern border.
  Their criminality is there for everyone to see.
  There's more than enough receipts.
  All you have to do is enforce the rule of law.
  That's all you need to do.
  If you do your job and enforce the rule of law, these people are criminals.
  And that's why they're moving so hard.
  Look at the thing on Trump.
  It's so ridiculous.
  And now they're going to say they're going to put Trump in prison.
  They're going to give him his sentence.
  One week before he's about to take the world stage in front of the world as Republican nominee, there's nothing these demons won't do to win.
  And now people have to awaken.
   We need a great awakening of people in positions of authority to adjudicate this, to use the apparatuses you have, to use the institutions you have, and to respect those institutions And do what the revolutionary generation did.
  No, I totally agree.
  America's not what's bad.
  The country is hijacked.
  The country's hijacked by a bunch of demons.
  That's all you have to do is do what the revolutionary generation did.
  Stand up to tyranny.
  They stood up to the worthless Landis aristocracy and the monopolistic power of the Crown, and the British East India Company's monopolistic company.
  The exact same thing today.
  You have the exact same tyranny.
  But we have, we have the receipts on our side.
  We have the evidence on our side.
  Their crimes are manifest.
  It's just, who has the political will and the stones and the courage to stand up to it?
  Stephen, I totally respect you.
  Steve Bannon is here, of the War Room.
  Let me ask you, Stephen, to interrupt you.
  They could literally lock this up the next few days.
  What is your advice to InfoWars and our crew?
  You say you'll send crew out here?
  Send crew right now.
  If you can't move to go someplace and do a pirate version of this, then let's get people down there and surround the building.
  Make them come through a chain of Patriots.
  Get people inside.
  That's what I'm going to do.
  Our location's been somewhat secret, but I agree with you.
  We need to surround the building and just make a big issue out of this.
  And expose them.
  Say hey, get your lawyers down there, get your comms people down there, let's get the TV cameras.
  These are cockroaches.
  They can't.
  You put the cameras on them, what are they going to do?
  You have a chain of people outside to defend Alex Jones peacefully, what are they going to do?
  Put the cameras on them, expose them.
  Let's see who they are, let's see what agency they're coming from, what their orders are, and who gave them the orders.
  So Steve, let's extrapolate this out the time you have.
  I'm not that important, I'm just, like you said, they're bombing any Trump support in their takeover.
  This signifies panic, the full-on assault.
  What do you expect the Deep Stakes to do next?
  No, no, no, I disagree.
  InfoWars is at the top of the pyramid.
  You're relentless.
  First off, the scale of your programming, the depth of your programming, the talent that you've had and you've been able to nurture, not just the audience, your audience are force-multiplied.
  This is not Fox News.
   in the evening right just a bunch of passive seventy-year-old you have an activist audience you're one of the most powerful not the most powerful
   brand apparatus out there certainly they are a company that makes it by the way from their perspective it makes sense to come that's why it's got to be protected
  so what do we do?
   well I think one thing is let's find out let's find out who's down the area peacefully assemble and help you and get you to sleep inside
  I would have a 24-hour watch right now.
  If you're saying they're trying to padlock your building, if you're saying they're waiting for you guys to leave to basically seize your equipment, I'd get your lawyers down there.
  I'd get the cameras down there.
  I'd get your people down there.
  I'd start to bunk out.
  I'd go to the mattresses.
  As they say in the business.
  That's exactly what we're doing.
  We're doing that right now.
  It's insane.
  This is crazy.
  This will blow up in their face.
  Why would they even try this?
  They're nuts.
  They'll try this because they figure if they catch you not on guard.
  No, you're right.
  They were going to sneak in.
  I found out yesterday.
  You're right.
  They were going to do it.
  They want to sneak in.
  Alex, if they shut down InfoWars, the struggle we have to win this is infinitely harder.
  Hernandez Drew said it perfectly before I came on.
  At 16, you were an absolutely foundational element of it.
  And in all likelihood, it might not have happened if you hadn't been hammered every single day.
  That's a big trick.
  You're the equivalent in this movement of what NBC News used to be in the old days, or CBS News.
  You know, you're at that level of power, not just you, the team that you've built, the programming you have, the committed audience, and not just audience, but activists.
  They're prepared to act upon your word.
  That's why it's got to be protected.
  So I would go to the mattresses peacefully.
  You've got the right on your side.
  Get your lawyers down there.
  Get people in there.
  Start getting the coffee.
  Get some coffee brewing.
  And tell them, hey, you're on watch.
  It's like a Navy destroyer.
  It's going to be 24-7.
  The building's always going to be secured with your people.
  God bless you, Steve.
  Tell people about your show, warroom.org, how they find all the great work you're doing.
  Just at warroom.org.
  And we're online, Grace Chong, Mo, everybody.
  Hey, not just our president, you tell them, I'm going to talk to you after.
  Anything you need from the War Room or the War Room Posse that we need to deploy down there, you tell us, Alex.
  We'll go all in on this.
  You just let me know.
  Steve, thank you.
  It means so much to me.
  Your listeners are the best.
  We get an amazing response from them.
  We love you so much.
  And we're all in this together.
  Thank you, Steve Bannon.
  Brother, keep fighting down there and your team's the best.
  Keep fighting.
  If you need us, we'll be there in the morning.
  Just let us know.
  We're here.
  We're going to stay here.
  Thank you, Steve Bannon.
  As soon as we said we were going to challenge him, they backed off.
  They tried it again.
  The security company that's separate, but they think they're taking orders, said no, we're not going to do it.
  I mean, we are, and I've got tapes, I've got it all.
  It's just, it's so insane, folks.
  This is the takeover of the Republic.
  This is a live coup.
  We've got Matt Bracken, who's a retired Navy SEAL, best-selling author, who's on with us.
  And we've got Owen Schroeder here.
  Let me tell you, this will be the last show.
  I'm not here hyping that, folks.
  Like, you know, I'm sleeping here at the office.
  This is so horrible.
  And because I know it's not about me, it's about America.
  And I can't believe that we've got this point.
  These communist pieces of shit are shitting all over our country, but we're going to win this thing, folks.
  But let me tell you, the full assault has begun.
  Matt Bracken, you want to give us a comment?
  I've been, I've been just, I can't stop listening for the last couple hours.
  I'm just, I'm just like, I'm so glad that this connection is still open.
   And, and Daria clicked me in, I'm just, This is it.
  This is like the scene in Gladiator where Russell Crowe gets stabbed and then he's got to go out and fight the damn traitor Caligula.
  This is the point in the Bolshevik Revolution where they upgrade all the charges.
  Where all the political prisoners, they put out an execute order.
  They ratcheted up a level.
  They go from, you're on trial, you're in the dungeon, but then they just put out an order, execute.
  That was the signal with lifting all of these expired misdemeanor to 34 felonies, 34 felony convictions.
  That's a signal to every U.S.
  attorney to go after every J6-er, anything that's a misdemeanor, elevate it to a felony.
  They're totally going for broke.
  Steve Bannon is absolutely right.
  They are like cockroaches with the light going on right now.
  I'm an avid listener of Bannon War Room.
  Between the InfoWars audience and Bannon War Room, you can see how the synergy works there.
  You can see how one group feeds and amplifies the other.
   If they manage to shut down the building, And close the studio, it won't matter because every Patriot podcaster will have Alex Jones on as a guest every day on every channel.
  They can't close Rumble, Odyssey, they can't close all of these alternate channels.
  Even just people's podcasts, you know, they're going out by a thousand different avenues.
  If they try to shut you down, it'll be a terrible backfire on them, which will be great for us, because Alex, you'll be on every single day, and people will look for where you are.
  No, but Matt, I know you're right, you're smart, so why are they so desperate?
  Why would they do something like this?
  They've got big false flags coming.
  Clearly they're going to false flag-claim Trump supporters.
  They want Bannon and Jones off the air before this election, because you are the two most powerful voices.
  That's why Megyn Kelly did the Let's Go Old Testament.
  They know that they have to take Alex Jones and Steve Bannon off the air.
  But they're fools.
  They're not highly intelligent people.
  If they put Bannon in prison and he manages to sneak out phone calls, those phone calls will get millions of listens.
  Navarro is in jail right now.
  Trump could be in jail three days before the convention, but all they're doing is going to boomerang on them.
  They're going to have an immense groundswell.
  Americans aren't going to fall for a Bolshevik French Revolution.
  You know, even if they're trying to use their corporate media to say it's legal, he's a convicted felon.
  Can you believe how insane it is that I saw the security company I hired, that they think they're in control, and I literally picked up on that call and said, there's a shutdown.
  How do you know that?
  That's a sign of desperation.
  I've been reading Barnes and I listened to Viva Frye and they're absolutely right.
  "Well, wait, we can't do this without an order."
  They ordered today to shut this down.
  Like, they are hysterical.
  I mean, that is crazy.
  That's a sign of desperation.
   I've been reading Barnes and I listened to Viva Fry, and they're absolutely right.
   They're going to try to, as you squirt out into other podcasts,
   they're going to try to play whack-a-mole with every podcaster and demonetize everybody
  that tries to amplify or retransmit your voice.
  It won't work.
  History teaches us that's a failing strategy.
  It's a completely failing strategy.
  It's like in Germany, not the sidetrack, it's directly related.
  Somebody came up with this little rave jingle and they turned it into Ausländer Raus, okay?
  Deutschland is Deutsch.
  And they're putting people in jail for singing Ausländer Raus.
  Well, how can you put people in jail for humming or whistling a tune as they walk past, you know, a Stasi agent?
  They can't.
  It just makes them fools.
   The more they try to play whack-a-mole with your voice, The more people will look for it.
  It's an epic moment.
  I want to come back to you.
  I want to come back to Matt Bracken, best-selling author, former Navy SEAL, great patriot at the moment.
  But Roger Stone heard about what's happening.
  I told him probably what was going on.
  They literally were going to padlock the thing last night.
  And I noticed extra security people acting weird.
  And I said, it was obvious to feel it.
  The security guys are nice guys.
  I know them.
  They're like looking at me weird and really conflicted.
  I called my lawyers and said, what's going on?
  Well, we just heard they're shutting you down tonight at 7 o'clock.
  This is, they're making their move out of desperation.
  The coup is live, Roger Stone.
  What do you think's happening?
  Alex, I guess I, in the larger sense, I'm not surprised at all.
  In the more narrow sense, I'm not sure what their legal authority to close you down, but nothing here surprises me.
  Look, I'm a man who had 29 fully SWAT-clad FBI agents swarm my home, brandishing fully automatic M4 assault weapons.
  Six o'clock in the morning for the first time nonviolent crime of allegedly lying under oath to Congress about Russian collusion.
   But I've understood since the days I worked at InfoWars, since the days that Owen Schroer and I helmed The War Room, that they're afraid of us because InfoWars We're not always right.
  We're only right about 80% of the time.
  But we have been fearless in our advocacy of the truth.
  We've called out the globalists.
  We've called them out over the COVID-19 vaccination.
   We've called them out over the weaponization of the Of our criminal justice system.
  We particularly called them out about their efforts to inch us towards World War 3.
  So Alex, I hearken back to election night sitting in your studio when you and I together learned that Donald J. Trump had become president.
  I was a bullion and you, as you recall, seemed a little depressed.
   And I said, Alex, What's the matter?
  This is a great night of victory.
  You said no.
  No, you said to me, no, you don't understand.
  Now they're really going to come after us.
  Now things are going to get worse, not better.
  And we saw that.
  We saw that with Paul Manafort.
  We saw it with General Flynn.
  We saw it in their three phony Ukrainian, their two phony Ukrainian impeachments and their Russian collusion hoax.
  So InfoWars has been a voice of truth.
   They can't believe the way that we have grown as a movement, I mean, and that millions and millions of people Look to us for leadership.
  Look to us for the truth.
  And therefore, to complete their authoritarian control of America, well, they got to shut InfoWars down.
  And we just can't let that happen.
  Well, you're right, Roger, and I just am so blessed to know you and President Trump and all the crew and all the great guests like Matt Bracken.
  And we have integrity, and we're here, but I want people to understand, I haven't told people 10% of what went on.
   that would take 10 hours to tell you the treachery in the Southern Poverty Law Center infiltrating.
  We found them and got them out.
  It has been an amount of victims.
   So that's why I stayed focused on the big issues and the big war for everybody,
   like cutting off the pipelines and drag queen story time and open borders and fentanyl,
  because I wasn't gonna make it about us as a man.
   I watched my grandfathers and my dad never make a big deal about what they're going through,
   but it's so sad to see America being destroyed right in front of us.
  And it would be so easy if people just woke up to this to stop these people.
  This is sick.
  This is happening.
  And the good news is, in the real polls, Trump's way ahead.
  But so many people say, oh, they're going to have fraud.
   But we know from the studies, A giant landslide overrides fraud.
  We could spend an hour explaining that with Zuckerberg's list, the dead people and the outstaters.
  But folks, you've got to vote.
  You've got to get people to register.
  You've got to do this.
  They wouldn't be suppressing the vote if it didn't have power.
  Roger, can you speak to that and President Trump's strength and the 80 million he's raised in two days?
  What can we do to be men right now?
  Precisely why they're trying to lock him up.
  Look, they know their policies are a complete and total failure.
  Gasoline, where I am, is $4 a gallon and rising.
  You can go to the grocery store, a lot of the shelves are empty, and when you do find the items you want to buy, the price knocks your eyes out.
  Yesterday, I bought a steak.
  Well, it wasn't really a steak.
  It was really three bites of a steak, but it was $18.
  That's Joe Biden's economy.
  They hook up these unemployment numbers.
  They're completely phony.
  Yeah, unemployment is 3.4%.
  If you forget the 685,000 people who've stopped looking for work in the last year.
  So they have nothing, no positive record to run on.
  They can't win a free, fair, honest, transparent election.
  So they have to wait for the fourth year of the Biden presidency to indict Donald Trump to try to essentially... So let me ask you, what is your advice?
  Should I go home tonight?
  Should I let them shut it down?
  Should I sit here and call the police when they try to do it with no court order?
  I mean, we're literally here at the end of this 30-year operation right now.
  And those are like, oh yeah, right.
  Watch, folks!
  80% chance we're gone in two days.
  I mean, this is the takedown right now.
  I had to literally get in people's faces and call lawyers and explain to people, you're not allowed to shut us down without a court order.
  They have armed people here.
  It's very hard for me to say because I don't understand under what authority they're closing you down.
  No, they don't have the authority.
  They just ordered it.
  Well, then I wouldn't leave the premises if I were you.
  Yeah, that's where we're at.
  So this is emblematic, Roger.
  How's the big guy, how's Trump doing?
  By the way, I seem to remember a similar situation in the Alamo.
  And as I recall, you're a Texan.
  Why would you ever walk out?
  You wouldn't.
  That's not the Alex Jones I know.
  No, I agree.
  So how's Trump doing?
  You know, I think he's doing surprisingly well, considering.
  Because he was super depressed when he came out.
  I get it, he's robbed.
  Totalized all of the fraud.
  I suspect some of his lawyers may have misled him into believing that a hung jury at a minimum was a sure thing.
  You predicted a conviction.
  There was never any chance of that whatsoever.
  This trial was just as rigged as my trial, just as rigged as General Flynn's trial, just as rigged as your bankruptcy trials.
  Completely and totally rigged.
  These people have no respect for rules, law, none of these things matter.
  If they control the judge, they control the situation.
  I think he's in surprisingly good spirits.
  He's certainly happy about the enormous influx of small-dollar contributions to his race, because we were running far behind Biden, the Democrats, financially.
  Yeah, he's got all the big money.
  It's a definite windfall.
  But he's unbroken.
  He's unbound.
  He is resilient.
  He's determined.
  And I think he said it best.
  The final determination will be November 4th.
  Not now, but November 4th.
  What's going to happen here in the next couple weeks?
  Personally, I think they will probably try to incarcerate him.
  So let's talk about that.
  The numbers on the little factoids on that.
  Yeah, they're already promoting it everywhere.
  So how would that look?
  God, that'll even blow up bigger like they think that'll happen.
  Rikers Island?
  What's gonna happen?
  It would be an extremely large mistake.
  Look, I understand a little bit about this.
   Once you are convicted, The judge has total control of your life.
  The judge can set the conditions of your release and he can say there are no conditions of your release.
  You shall be incarcerated immediately.
  Obviously he didn't do that or they would have taken him into custody immediately after the verdict.
  This idea that just because you're on appeal you will be free to travel and say anything you want is not necessarily so.
  So my guess is that they're going to be as hard-assed and as draconian as they were during this trial, as they were during my trial, as they were during General Flynn's trial.
  And they realize that Donald Trump out and around the country speaking freely, that's an extraordinarily dangerous thing for them.
  So the real answer is no one knows.
   Now, There's also the question of whether Trump should, as Mark Levin and others have advocated, file a direct appeal to the U.S.
  Supreme Court.
  There is evidently a mechanism to do that.
  No guarantee that the court, of course, would agree to hear it, but it would be at least proactive.
  Otherwise, you are waiting for a hostile leftist judge who's looking for his federal seat on the court to sentence you in July.
  And I don't think they have any qualms whatsoever of trying to put the Republican candidate for president in prison.
  Trump, to his credit, has already said, you know what?
  If I have to go to jail for the U.S.
  Constitution, I'll do it.
  I agree, and they're going to try to kill him in jail.
  So yeah, we should pray for Trump.
  He's not perfect.
  None of us are.
  He is the man in the arena.
  If you don't back President Trump or Elon Musk right now, who is literally slaying their ass, you're an idiot.
  I'm going to hear a bunch of perfection stuff or this, each other than that.
  You're not a man in the arena if you don't back Donald Trump right now.
  Roger Stone, StoneZone.com.
  Let's talk tomorrow.
  Gut level, I think we're shut down in two days.
  So it's total insanity going on right now.
  But thank you, Roger.
  We're going to come back stronger than ever.
  I appreciate you and God bless you.
  God bless you, Alex.
  We're praying for you, praying for your entire family, praying for everybody in the crew there at InfoWars.
  We are with you in spirit and praying for you around the clock.
  That's why I feel so good.
  Well, I agree with Roger.
  I'd say right now it's a 51% chance they put Trump in jail.
  And, you know, Roger's gone through this, I've gone through this, and until people have actually gone through this process, it's almost impossible to explain how committed to evil these people are.
  You think, oh, well, they'll be going too far putting them in jail.
  They don't care.
  They really don't care.
  It's a retarded arrogance.
  And so I think what's going to happen is, I'd say 51% shot.
  I mean, it's a razor's edge, but I'd say 51% shot, they're going to put Trump in jail.
  I'd say 70.
   And so on July 11th, You're like, that'll blow up their face.
  They don't care.
  They're evil.
  On July 11th, that's his sentencing.
  The first debate's supposed to be June 27th.
  They haven't announced any travel restrictions on Trump.
  I would imagine he has some.
  Yeah, watch Biden say, I don't debate a felon.
  I mean, so they might not even let him travel.
  They might say, you're not even allowed to leave New York.
  And so they might just say, well, he can't show up.
  I don't know what the, they haven't announced the travel restrictions.
  I'm sure it's part of his release.
  The bottom line is we're in a war, folks.
  Sorry, we didn't ask for it.
  You're in one.
  You're going to roll over to communist devil worshippers?
  So they're going to sentence Trump on the 11th.
  My guess is they'll probably sentence him to some time, but they might release him on appeal.
  That's I think where they could maybe release him, is they'll release him on appeal.
  But they'll take him into custody, that image.
  They might take him into custody.
  Uh, or they could do like what they did to Dexter Taylor, who's appealing his case, uh, on phony gun charges, and just say, we're just gonna hold you until your appeal, and that could take years.
  So, that's gonna be the big day is July 11th, what they sentence him to, and then if they decide to have him in jail pending appeal, or released pending appeal.
  And I wanna explain to our enemies something.
  They keep intimidating me and attacking my family.
  I can't give up.
  I can't bow.
   So, understand, no matter what you do, I want you to know, You never intimidated me.
  You never made me bow.
  You never pissed on me.
  I'm literally free from you.
  Harrison Smith comments, we'll go back to Matt Bragg and then back to our Spacious Comments.
  No, I think everybody's exactly right.
  I would think it's impossible they're gonna put Trump in jail, but it was impossible that they would charge him for 34 felonies over- Or to make him have a baby or any of it.
  Yeah, so everything's on the table now.
  They are going for broke, I think you're absolutely right, and everybody needs to be prepared for it.
  I think Trump should, I don't even know, I sort of started saying it as a joke, but now I'm kind of serious.
  I think he should apply for political asylum in a place like Florida or Texas and say, we don't think this order is legitimate, we're not going to surrender him.
  Let's be serious, I agree with you.
  We're not like them trying to override the original system.
  They started this, so that's why it's all on the table now.
  You're going to have governors and legislatures start indicting Democrats, and I'm like, we didn't do this, plus they did real crimes.
  But I want aggressive prosecutions.
  I want war.
  Well, it looks like we're heading to scorched earth, I would say, at this point.
  This is nowhere even near what the final level is.
  The Republicans have barely an inch of a spine.
  They're going to need a full-blown spine of steel if they're going to ever push back against this.
  The Democrats, like you said earlier, they are...
  From the tops down to the bottom.
  From Schumer, Mayorkas, down to the scum that they have in the streets, in the courtrooms, in the classrooms, whatever.
  They're all in on phonyism.
  They're all in.
  They're a satanic cult of assholes.
  They will go after phony charges and they will bring it to the end.
  And so, eventually, we will get to the point, and maybe it's when they put Trump in jail, maybe it's when they steal the 2024 election.
  Eventually, we'll get to the point where the Republican Party realizes, oh, this is, you want scorched earth.
  That's what you want.
  Oh, we'll have integrity or we'll have athletics or the whole system burns.
  It's, oh no, you were always the whole system burns.
  Oh, you were always scorched earth.
  So then maybe they'll say, okay, wait, you allowed 10 million people to invade the Southern border in four years.
  Uh, you allowed, you allowed.
  That's it.
  So we have to get to the point of like, they're not stopping and you don't make deals with these people.
  You don't make deals with cancer.
  You cut it out.
  Matt Brackett comments on this.
  Appreciate you holding.
  Yeah, the proof that this whole trial was rigged is so simple.
  Judge Marchand, he's just an associate judge, so he's like an untenured professor.
  He got picked for the Bannon trial, other J6 and related trials, and then the Trump trial.
  Right, but he is a leftist soldier.
  You have to understand, he's willing to like run through the minefield and get blown up.
  He doesn't care if his reputation is ruined.
  He doesn't care if his name is mud.
  Because he thinks he's gonna win in the end.
  He thinks he's gonna win in the end.
  Well, he'll get a job at the Southern Poverty Law Center for six figures, do-nothing job.
  They take care of their own.
  They'll give him a think tank, do-nothing job.
  They reward their soldiers.
  We don't.
  But one good thing about this is it's flushing out the establishment, GOP elite.
  The Mamby Pambys, this is now, like Bannon said this morning, you got to pick a side.
  You got to choose a side.
  And this is going to flush out all of the weak Nellies in the GOP.
   And if it comes to shutting down the building, They may also do something of just cut the cable.
  So people listening to this broadcast right now have to be prepared for just a black screen because at any moment they might say, well, the frontal assault on the building through the security didn't work, but we're going to go downtown and we're going to cut a cable, you know, flip a switch for somebody else.
  So the broadcast can go dark.
  People have to be ready to find Alex on alternate channels.
  It's very important.
   In the short term, Bannon's idea of flooding the area, that may not be that simple because your location is semi-secret and you don't want that to become a You know, news camera, helicopter shot.
  But I would absolutely not leave the building.
  I would force them to carry you out in handcuffs.
  Or, you know, taser you or howl-doll you.
  We're here with literal feds trying to shut the building down.
  To me that's emblematic of their failure, but I just feel like I stayed here all night because millions are tuning in, millions right now.
  I mean this is going down, but to me that does not show their weakness.
   And as far as Trump, I thought it was a 30% chance of a hung jury at least, but 34 charges, 34 guilties.
  It's completely rigged.
  I think they will arrest him.
  At the minimum, they'll do a house arrest.
  So, I think it would be a good idea to go to Mar-a-Lago, ask for asylum in Florida, and this just will throw the entire federal system right under the spotlight.
   Can a Bolshevik communist judge in New York Run our country from Manhattan.
  So this is, in a sense, a humiliation ritual.
  If they say, Trump, you can't even go to the convention.
  You've got to stay home or you'll be arrested.
  Well, this is sort of like the original Mar-a-Lago raid and what Bongino's been talking about with the blue on blue versus, you know, Secret Service.
  He's a protected person for life.
  They send the FBI in on a raid, unmarked, you know, undercover clothes.
  Looking for a blue-on-blue incident.
  If March on, I think what they're going to do is give him a house arrest and forbid him to travel to the convention.
  And then that will be a challenge to, you know, mag a world to protect Trump and get him to the convention just by putting bodies there.
   And this reminds me a lot of J6 where they're building up to A date where they knew for weeks J6 was going to have a half million, a million people, and the most masterful Aikido jiu-jitsu move in political history was to do the Capitol.
  And I get it.
  So now they're working for another J6.
  That's right.
  They're going to stand in false flag and blame us.
  Matt Bracken, come on back soon.
  Thank you so much, Matt Bracken.
  We've got a bunch of big speakers ready.
  Who's up next?
  Alright, let's go to Ian Crossland next.
  Ian, go ahead and unmute yourself and say what you've got to say.
  You've been waiting patiently.
  Thank you Matt Bracken.
  Ian Glitchtrap, we're adding him back right now, but you've got to go to Dom first.
  Hey, thanks guys for having me.
  I hear everyone there speaking about Trump, and I know we're still pretty hyped up about Trump, but right now the task at hand, they're trying to shut down InfoWars.
  I care a lot about what's happening with President Trump, but people have to kind of open their eyes and see that it's not random that they're trying to get Mr. Jones a few days after what happened with the Trump verdict.
   They are targeting Anyone that has a reach on the people, because we're entering the most important election of all time.
  It is not random that they're targeting InfoWars at a time that they are.
  They're coming down on the most important people in our movement and we need to stand for them.
  They're coming for all of us.
  Everything we've been warned about in the past, we're living in the reality.
  They are no longer after just Alex Jones or Trump.
  They are actually coming down on all of us.
  If you don't think they're coming for you before November hits, you haven't been paying attention.
  This has reached a whole new level.
  Of demonic control.
  I don't even have the words for it.
  I'm so disgusted with what's going on in this country right now.
  I don't want to write myself into this, but I literally caught them planning to shut this down yesterday.
  I've been living here to stop them, and they got all scared because I'm here.
  They're literally without even a federal order trying to shut this down.
  They are desperate.
  People have to understand during this war, all of us are in it at this point.
  They're coming for every single American.
  It's on the novel.
  They're asking for absolute control and submission of the United States of America.
  And the way that we react to things like this, with them trying to shut down InfoWars, if we're quiet about it, they're coming for your house next, they're coming for your car next, they're coming for your child next.
  We have to let people know that this, enough is enough.
   We cannot stand by while great people that's fighting for this country are targeted, Well, Trump said it a thousand times.
  They're not coming after me.
  They're trying to get through me to get to you.
  And it's true.
   This is the comedy. I'm Luke, I'm going to come right back to you. General Flynn, former head of defense intelligence, former top national security advisor,
   got in the space. I don't know if he's ready yet, but yeah, it's a real canary in the coal mine that they are, I'm literally physically here and literally had to tell people coming to lock the
  doors without court orders to shut us down, that they were going to go to jail.
  I'm literally physically here, slept three hours last night, in this building.
  I'm not putting on a big act here.
  General Flynn, what do you think is happening?
  Yeah, so number one, Alex, God bless you for doing everything that you've been doing.
  I want everybody to understand that we really have to stop thinking conventionally.
  I mean, these people, this is a communist takeover.
  The bigger strategic plan was eight years of Obama.
  Eight years of Hillary.
  Donald Trump got in the way in 2016 and they started in earnest to take the country over then and they've made the decision and they made it during the during the COVID lockdowns.
  They made that decision that this will never happen again.
  That there will not be another Donald Trump, you know, in their way again to affect basically the takeover of the United States of America.
  This is America with communist characteristics, right?
  So, just like they still do.
  They still do this in downtown Beijing.
  They have people wear billboards to shame them.
  To say how bad they've been to the state.
  This is exactly what they're doing to Trump.
  They're basically saying to Trump, they're trying to shame him and all of us into this submission that they are planning on doing.
  I mean, this is for real.
  You know, this judge could have actually kept him in jail that day, okay, that he, you know, that the jury came out with the 34 charges.
  I believe what they're going to do is they're just going to, when he comes back on the 11th, they're going to put, this Marshall guy is going to put him in jail.
  But Trump said in his comments the day after, I guess it was yesterday if I remember the days right, Trump actually said something I think is very important for all of us to understand.
  No, you're right.
  It was yesterday.
  It was yesterday, yeah.
  Trump said something that was very important.
  He said a bunch of things, but he said something that was very important.
  He says, this is bigger than me.
  He has always said things to that effect.
  This is bigger than him.
  This is about the takeover of the United States of America by a fairly small group, but I don't think that the people on this call or I don't think the American people understand that group is not as small as it used to be.
  That group used to be much smaller 20-25 years ago.
  Now that group basically has control over the U.S.
  intelligence community, it has control over the U.S.
  Department of Defense, the United States Department of State, has control over the White House, it has control over, I just call it the corporatocracy of America, clearly the educational institutions.
  I mean these are communists.
   Don't These are not like lefties or progressives wearing rainbow colors in their hair.
  These are hardcore Marxist communists.
  There are people with faces and names that are part of our government.
  And that's what's happening.
  And everybody needs to understand that.
   So, you know, I sit here and I was over the last 48 hours and Christ the last Three years.
  These people are going to do everything that they can to destroy this country.
  And they have done it.
  They've taken the steps.
   If you understand things like the Bolshevik Revolution, the Red and the Blacks in the 60s, General, let me just stop you.
  What you're saying is the former head of Defense Intelligence, and I'm seeing it with all my listeners, they are rolling out, they've launched, the war just started, like a hundred, a hundred and fifty something days out, they have just launched the assault has begun is what you're saying.
  Yeah, I mean, think about this, okay?
  I've been doing this my whole life, where I have to put my feet into the shoes of our enemies, right?
  That's what my job was as an intelligence officer from the time that I was working in an infantry battalion on the battlefields.
  In that case, it was in Central America.
  You know, I've always had to put myself in the opposition's head.
  And that's what I rack my brain over constantly.
  If I was on their team, what would I be doing?
  What would I be thinking?
  What would be my strategy?
  What would be the tactics I would use?
  This latest thing with Trump, that is a tactic.
  It is a tactic.
  The bigger issue, and Trump nailed it.
  It is bigger than him.
  This is about taking over this country.
  If I put my feet into the boots of our opposition, in this case, this progressive left in this country which holds the levers of power right now, folks, whether we like it or not, they hold the levers of power.
   They are scheming to do whatever they can, and my belief, and I'm more than 50% now, based on what we just recently saw, and another tactic that they just did, and they're going to do it again on the 11th of July, that the likelihood of us having an election on the 5th of November, I'm like, You know, I'm saying that it's unlikely Far more than 50% now because of what they are planning on doing there is no general flinched former head of intelligence totally with their Pre-programming massive right-wing terror attacks.
  I'm looking for false flags.
  They are totally signaling that what's what's your take on that?
   I Yeah, I mean, so it's not just these false flags.
  It's what they're doing to you.
  It's a bunch of things.
  I mean, you're going to see, there's executive orders right now for a climate emergency that gives this president, Biden, warlike powers.
  We are already looking at what they're doing in Eastern Europe.
  I mean, there is going to be a shift in the economic system of the world here that this administration has bought into.
  That's just digital currency stuff.
  We are now seeing this.
  Let me ask you that question.
  What is the announcement of Stoltenberg and NATO of heavy weapons to hit Russia, which is already going on, but a huge official taking credit in the threat escalation?
  You are a Cold War expert.
  What does that signify?
   Yeah, what it signifies is that one of the things, and I had a conversation with a very sharp buddy of mine this morning, That, you know, there's a possibility that we'll see a false flag in a NATO country in Eastern Europe that then is blamed on Russia and that gives them the authority then, NATO, it gives NATO the authority to basically call for Article 5 and start to fight back and now it's NATO against Russia and we're back to the goddang, we're back to a Cold War that's going to turn hot between the East and the West essentially.
  These people will do anything that they can to stay in power.
  They're looking for big, big excuses to stay in power and to shut the election down in November.
  I believe that.
  I believe that more in my heart today than I ever believed it, and especially after.
  Because I believe like a lot of people that, you know, I never did believe, I will say that, I never did believe that Trump wasn't going to be found guilty of something.
  I figured, you know, one count, two count.
  General Flynn?
  We lost General Flynn?
  I just lost my headset.
  Oh, he's still there.
  Sorry about that.
  We still have him all on the space.
  Alex Jones can't get to the space, guys, so just give it a second.
  Well, my bottom line, I assume that they would only found him guilty on a couple of counts, right?
  But when he came back with 34 counts, I was like, oh my God, these people, they're even far more serious than even I could imagine.
   But believe me, again, I want people to understand, the big picture was eight years of Obama, eight years of Hillary Clinton, and we wouldn't be having X-Spaces talks, okay?
  But Donald J. Trump got in the way in 2016, and he beat the odds.
  He ran the tables, beat the odds.
  Exactly, so the American startover general, this is so important, you're on record, it's true.
  The whole game changed with Trump.
  He backed them up seven, eight years and now the world's waking up.
  So what do we do to stop this?
  Because again, I'm not into myself.
  I don't care, but I get a Canadian coal mine.
  They are literally trying to put padlocks on the doors right now.
  I had to physically explain to people with guns that they didn't have an order to stop them.
  Like this happened today.
  Well, I will tell you something that as soon as I heard about this, Alex, I sent a note to Ken Paxton in Texas, because I think Ken Paxton is a decent person.
  I said, hey, you guys in Texas ought to go jump on top of this shit and don't let these federal thugs come into the state of Texas and do something without at least the Attorney General being informed about what the hell they're doing.
  So, you know, at this stage, we're in a tough spot.
  We are in a tough spot.
  I don't think I'm that important.
  I don't think I'm important, General, like you or Trump, to reality.
  But I'm saying they want to take out Trump supporters.
  It means a major move, right?
  When they're doing this.
  They're doing this.
  It is about going after the sources of information that are the hard truth sources of information.
   And one of the things that I do believe that we must have, and I had a great conversation yesterday with a United States Senator, I won't name him just because he's in there trying to fight for us, but I will just tell you that We don't have any U.S.
  Senators.
  We don't have any members of the House.
  We don't have the governors, particularly the governors of this country, Republican governors at least, because this is it.
  This is it.
  We are going to become a communist country if we don't get the people that can stand up right now.
  Political people who think that this is just politics as usual, that this is about big government versus small government, you know, are out of their effing minds.
  This is about a communist takeover of the United States of America, where we will be forever known, you know, forever called the United Socialist States of America.
  So we're living in history, and you're our general, and you were there, and they were so scared of you as they came after you.
  What do we do?
  We pray, but what do we, politically, temporally, what do we do?
  No, I mean, I'm racking my brains about it because there have been some really positive things that people have done.
  And I do believe that we got to keep ourselves informed.
  Number one, we've got to communicate.
  We've got to communicate constantly.
   And we've got to make sure that they know that we know what they're up to and that we Across the board.
  And by the way, here's the microcosm.
  They show up with the Higher Security Committee for six years and say, we're putting locks on.
  I say, where's the court order?
  And today I did it.
  They backed off.
  The lawyers then backed them off.
  But it was communication.
  They get in a fight, but it was a microcosm.
  I just communicated.
  That's what they don't want.
  Yeah, but the other thing too is, and you know, part of this is, we've got to get, you know, the sort of the big wealthy conservatives to put something together.
  I mean, there's people with a lot of money.
  No, I agree.
  They've got to go all in.
  Everybody, middle class, poor, rich, you've got to go all in right now.
  And what we've got to do is we've got to, you know, we should not be fighting with nickels and dimes lawfare against these assholes, excuse my Irish, that are pouring money, and God knows where this money's coming from, most of it's coming from overseas or other countries like China.
  I mean, the Chinese are licking their chops.
  So there's a couple of things that have got to happen.
  But the main thing is we've got to stand our ground and communicate.
  We have to communicate with each other constantly.
  We can't let something just ride it out and go, well, nothing's going to happen.
  No, exactly what you did today will cause these people to back down.
  They are in absolute fear right now.
  Of what it is that they're being exposed to actually doing, right?
  And the exposure is there because they...
  They have been trying to shame Donald Trump to shut up, go away, and maybe enough people will say, hey, enough is enough and we can't take Trump anymore.
  Look at what has happened.
  That tells me that the common sense of the American people across the board, I don't care whether you're red, white, blue, black, brown, purple with pink polka dots, the American people get it.
  And what's happening is the American people are saying enough is enough.
  We need more people like that.
  We need more of the, you know, the blacks out there.
  We need more of the browns out there.
  We need more of the Asian communities out there.
  In general, that's happening.
  They're panicking.
  So your incredible gravitas to advise.
  I go back to this.
  So looking at the numbers right now, Trump's going to win a landslide.
  The system is totally panicked.
  They're launching a full attack.
  We stay peaceful, but we intensify the InfoWars.
  What else do we do?
  Yeah, so let's assume, because I just said something about the election, that I'm beyond 50% that I'm not certain we're going to have one.
  I certainly, if I was on their team, I would say, we can't have this guy back.
  They're going to try to overthrow the chess board.
   Yeah, so one of the things that we have to do, and I said this to a group of people last week, People can't sit there and tell me if they're from Michigan or they're from Kansas or Nebraska.
  And when I ask them, well, do you know whether you guys do mail-in ballots?
  Do you know whether you do ballot harvesting in this state?
  And they're like, I don't know.
  And I said, well, god dang it, every single one of us has got to know the voting structure and the voting system in our states.
  Now that's number one, because if you don't, then you need to learn, and you need to start learning it right now.
  We also just had, we're not quite done with the primaries in this country, but we have less than 35% turnout!
  Less than 35% turnout nationwide!
  That's insane!
  We are on the verge of losing the United States of America to communists, okay?
  And if we don't overwhelm, if we, God help us that we have an election in November, if we don't overwhelm it, and I'm not just talking about on election day, we have got to be so smart everywhere we're at, every state, every county, about what the system and the structure of the voting system is.
  And do not, do not allow anybody to stand there and tell you that you can't watch somebody count a god dang vote.
  We have got to be standing there, you know, tall, and with our phones, with our voices, with our leadership, with our local leaders, and standing there going, nope, we're not going home until we see every vote counted, and we're going to do it under the light of, you know, we're going to do it under the cameras, or we're going to live stream it.
   I mean, there's things that we have got to start to do, and we've got to start talking about, and we can't just do this You know, back and forth on social media.
  I mean, I'm wearing myself out.
  And trust me, folks, and Alex, you know this.
  I mean, this is exhausting, but it is absolutely necessary what it is that we're doing.
  To those of us that are, that do have these higher profiles or we're out there and we get this, believe me, I'm going to continue to fight.
  All the way to the 11th.
  But General, you play yourself down.
  You were the most important person other than Steve Bannon in the administration.
  They came after you.
  You didn't back down.
  And you are America's General.
  You're George Washington 2.0.
  It's just true.
  It's not about kissing your ass.
  It's true.
  We need to understand that this is the crucible.
  We are entering the zone of the whole future right now.
  And I get it.
  That's why we're being overrun right now.
  I mean, I haven't told you all the stuff, sir.
  I'm sure you can imagine.
  It is insane right now.
  They are panicked, though.
  They've got cars on my ass when I drive home.
  They have got people calling my wife fake women.
  Hey, I'm with your husband having sex with him right now.
  I don't see that as a weakness, General.
  I see it as a strength that our enemies are shitting their pants right now.
  Yeah, exactly.
  And I see that all the time.
  And this is why we constantly get attacked by all the losers, bots, and haters out there, Alex, and others that are listening.
  Because all of us are constantly being monitored.
   And all this craziness that this administration is forcing down our throats I mean, the one thing that I pay very close attention to, of course, is our military and the way that they're trying to destroy the military.
  So they've destroyed the fabric of our country by bringing in, you know, millions and millions and millions of these illegals and just loaded up with drugs like fentanyl.
  I mean, it's just they're all over the streets.
  I mean, this is not a border problem.
  Everybody I know has dead kids from it.
  Right, right.
  So we have got to make sure that we understand where we're at, you know, whatever state you're in, whatever county you're in.
  If you can get involved, you can get involved in the local level, get involved.
  We have got to get smarter on our elections.
   We have got to get involved in I'm not a fan.
   of these. But I totally agree with you, sir. General, give us a battle space. How would you describe the world now? You're the expert on this. I mean, you got Obama to know that
  China had turned against him when it already happened. Like you were like the top general.
  I guess you're as well known. You're a visionary. Where are we right now in historical perspectives?
   Yeah. So, you know, if you think about the fall of, you know, and this is this is I just went back and forth with some folks about the fall of Rome.
  You know, they lasted a thousand years.
  We haven't been that long, right?
  I mean, we are meeting all the indicators of the fall of an empire.
  We meet them all.
  We're overextended as a nation.
  We're in massive, massive debt.
  We've got internal domestic political problems.
  So we got, you know, our party system that, you know, we have a GOP establishment that's feckless.
  You know, the Democrats aren't the Democrats anymore.
  They're a stronghold of progressive left.
  They're a disease!
  Yeah, it is.
  There's other indicators.
  But really what we've got to be doing is we still have a lot of ingenuity and a lot of innovation and we have a lot of people.
  And we're all over the landscape.
   The world, the global side of things, outside of the boundaries of the United States, You know, when you look at Europe right now, Europe is a mess.
  I mean, the last election in the United Kingdom, I think it was ten major cities were taken over by Muslim males.
  I mean, it's insane.
  Europe is in full capitulation.
  It is.
  It really, really is.
  And you only have a couple of holdouts there, like Orban and Poland, but Poland seems to be backing down.
  So Europe is in a place where... And you had that major prime minister against war, he just got shot.
  Exactly.
  So we're looking at a massive, massive physical war in Europe.
  Real potential.
  And I hate to even use this word, nuclear, but real potential.
  You've got the Middle East.
  That was my next question, General.
  You said nothing's tactical.
  Putin said two days ago, he said, my threat is real.
  If you attack us with cruise missiles, which they're already doing, I'm going to use nukes.
  What the hell?
  What do we do about that?
  Yeah, well, so here's the other thing about warfare.
  So we attack them, right?
  Whether it's in Russia, or whether it's in Lebanon, or Syria, or Iran, it doesn't matter.
  They're going to attack us here, okay?
  So that's the thing about warfare.
  It's not this nice, clean, movie-like World War II flick, right?
  This is war, and war is unfair.
   And war is going to come inside of the domestic boundaries of the United States of America By our foreign enemies.
  Because you know what, folks?
  They're here.
  They're here already.
  We know that there's at least, what, 100,000 military-age Chinese men in this country right now.
  Look at the number of terrorists that we have already identified.
  By the way, marching in with the same boots and backpacks.
  Those are military men.
  I mean, think about how insane that is as a policy to have a wide-open border while you're engaging in warfare with one of the biggest nuclear powers.
  So let me ask General Flynn, that's a great point, what is the plan there?
  They obviously have some sick plan, General.
  No, no.
  I mean, yeah, there's a sick plan.
  It is a sickness.
  And it's like a cancer on the body of America.
  It's just let this cancer metastasize inside the country to just look.
  This is to destroy the culture of the United States of America.
  I mean, Barack Obama is one of the big leaders of this.
  Biden can't even get up a flight of three stairs, let's face it.
  I mean, there are other people that are inside the government.
  There are other people that are outside the government and overseas that have their knives and forks out to start cutting up the United States of America.
   One of the things that we By the way, General Flynn, in closing, we're hitting millions of viewers right now.
  On top of that, we're hitting record listeners.
  So you are the former head of Defense Intelligence.
  You're the former National Security Advisor to Trump.
  You're the guy that warned Obama that China was going to do all this.
  For people that don't know, I'm trying to kiss your ass.
  You're like, you're a visionary.
  What can we do in closing with millions of new viewers right now watching who want freedom, they want prosperity, they don't want World War III?
  What do we do?
  Yeah, get off your asses and get out into your communities and let the people, let the local leaders know what it is that you're sick and tired of.
  I'm sick and tired of it.
  I mean, I'm doing it here in my local community on the west coast of Florida and I'm going all over this country to tell people the exact same thing.
  Get off the couch and get out into your communities and start letting people know we are not going to put up with this bullshit.
   This is our country, this is the United States of America, and we expect to follow the law, we expect to follow the Constitution, we expect to have our rights, and we are going to put demands on all these elected officials, the good ones, the bad ones, and the ugly ones, because they are all Well that was my last question.
  How do we deal with the false flag?
  Because they are all over the news as you know.
   to stand our ground, and we got to do it peacefully, we got to do it lawfully, because that's what they're going to want to do.
   They're going to want to see some craziness happen, and then they're going to use it as an excuse to lock the country down.
  Well, that was my last question.
  How do we deal with the false flag?
  Because they are all over the news, as you know, literally thousands of articles.
  I saw like a hundred today.
  They're gonna say we're staging terror attacks.
  No.
  Republican conservatives are not.
  Catholic Americans, Christian Americans, we're not staging terror attacks.
  How do we respond to them pre-programming that the terror attacks are coming?
  It's very obvious the false flag.
  Yeah, so never, never forget that the first report is always wrong.
  On the battlefield, a rule of intelligence on the battlefield is the first report is always wrong.
   So what is going to, what we could see is we could see, you know, a number of things occur And what we have got to be, you know, what we have to use great, great discernment for is to take a look at what it was.
  This is where I say steady sometimes.
  I say, you know, I would say steady, boys, right?
  So steady and take a look at what's happening.
  Understand your environment and be aware, be self-aware of what's going on.
  But don't get hysterical about the first report.
  No, don't get crazy about, oh my God, this is...
  take a hard look at it, and let's communicate.
   I mean, this is where these kinds of capabilities, like I think it was Nick that said,
   they'll give us the black screen or somebody said that, this government could shut everything down
  if they wanted to.
   So what we've gotta do is we've gotta be able to communicate,
   jump on these kinds of spaces when something like that happens,
   and let's figure out what it is, let's do the analysis,
   and let's make the right decisions instead of automatically just thinking
  It's this or that, right?
  The first report is always wrong on the battlefield, and it will be that way when we start to see any false flags in this country, so stay steady.
  So tell us, General Flynn, how do we find the amazing work you're doing?
  Go to FlynnMovie.com.
  I appreciate it, Alex.
  FlynnMovie.com.
  If you haven't seen that movie, you gotta see it.
  I haven't seen it yet.
  It's amazing.
  In closing, how would you describe the current battle space with Trump?
  I see us winning huge.
  Then I see desperation by the establishment.
  Am I wrong?
  Or how would you describe the battle space and Trump?
  I mean, to me, I just smell victory everywhere.
  But I also sense desperation, which is super dangerous.
  Yeah, I think that, you know, I haven't been in a position where, generally where Trump is at right now.
  It's unnerving, but he's a strong, strong guy.
  He's got a strong family and I know that his faith, he doesn't wear it on his sleeve, but his faith is very strong.
   And I do think that all of us, whatever the decision is on the 11th by this crook, By this absolute crook, whatever that decision is, you know, whatever they do, whatever they decide to do, because they're going to decide the worst case, don't think conventionally.
  These people are irregular.
  They're following the Chinese irregular warfare doctrine to the letter.
  So don't think conventionally.
  What we have to be able to do is we have to be able to get in there with him.
  We might have to get in there with him.
  You know, given whatever it is that they do, and stand our ground until there's a decision made about the person that we want as the President of the United States.
  I mean, I love this idea about having, let's hold a goddamn convention on the 4th of July weekend.
  Screw these people!
  We don't need to go up to Milwaukee and operate like the conventional norms are and do what the GOP is telling us.
  Screw that!
  I mean, so that's just, I'm throwing that out there because right before that, I thought it was a good idea.
  We just have some rally in Dallas, Texas or wherever, it just certifies us.
  There you go.
  Yeah, I mean, we, so whatever ideas, I'm not the, you know, there's a lot more smarter people on this thing than I am.
  Oh really?
  General Flynn, who are they?
  Well, we gotta have some ideas about what to do, and I do think that there's some great ideas out there, and we ought to think about some of these things that people are proposing, and then let's just execute.
  I mean, to me, it's like, the more we stand our ground, the more we are communicating with each other... No, you're right.
  You just said it.
  Execution is our will.
  Execute and just say, we're done.
  This is it.
  Yeah, this is it.
  Enough is enough of this bullshit.
  This is insane.
  They're destroying the country.
  They're taking away our rights.
  There is a small group of people inside of the government that are operating with a larger group outside the government and they mean to finish up their objective, which is to turn this country into a communist Marxist regime.
  I mean, this is Korea, this is it.
  There are, on the globalist side, there are people overseas that have said this is going to be the last U.S.
  presidential election this coming November, if they have it.
  That's not my words, that's words coming out of the World Economic Forum.
  So, I mean, these are some very serious times and we need serious people.
   But like I said, Alex and everybody listening, stay steady, don't believe the first reports, Get in there and figure out what's happening.
  Communicate across the horizon with everybody.
  Find those people that you can trust.
  Get involved in your local communities.
  Bottom line, General Flynn, God help us.
  This is an epic battle for the Republic.
  This is here.
  This is a once-in-a-five-generation thing.
  It's happening.
  I want to see your movie.
  I can't wait to see it.
  I want to get you in the studio.
  I want to see the movie as soon as I can.
  How do we find the movie again?
  Have people watch it online?
  Yeah, go to FlynnMovie.com and you can stream it.
  You can stream it.
  I appreciate that.
  No, General Flynn, I appreciate you.
  You're such a hero.
  And it's not about kissing your ass.
  You are a great American.
  We love you and we thank your family for your sacrifices.
  Thank you, General Flynn.
  God bless, Alex.
  Thanks, everybody.
  That's the former head of defense intelligence, the former top national security advisor, the guy that ran the whole army, the guys like the Grim Reaper, literally telling you what's going on right now.
  And that's why I'm so proud to be here, folks, and not to bow when they tried to shut this down last night.
  It's bigger than us.
  We are here in an existential attack on America and the world.
  And we are not bowing.
  I'm so alive.
  Owen, it's so good to know you.
  Harrison, it's so good to know you.
  Chase Geiser, so good to know you.
  All the rest of the crew.
  You guys are like, literally, I feel like you're me.
  Like when I think about the shedding now, it's like my arms being chopped off, my legs being chopped off, it's not some kiss your ass.
  I literally think of you as me.
  It's like we have done epic things.
  Some of these employees have been here 20 years.
  But it's also bittersweet because I'm like, you think like, you think doing this is going to win.
  The fact is, the fact they're coming in right now, folks, shows that we are so close to the victory.
  We are so close.
  I'm gonna take a piss.
  Owen, you guys talk, and we'll go back to more callers.
  This could be the last show.
  Good chance of shutting you down tomorrow.
  This ain't hype, folks.
  Maybe we win it.
  You're like, oh God, you're still on, because we overcame it.
  But this is the big fight right now.
  I've got Flynn's DVD, actually, for you.
  He sent me a couple copies, so I'll make sure you get that.
  You know, the people that need to hear this message and find the commitment and the will are the, and it's going to have to be the Republicans, obviously.
  I mean, maybe Democrats.
  Maybe Democrats decide that they have a spine to do the right thing.
  Maybe Democrats decide they want to save the country again.
  Probably not, but it's going to be Republican Attorney Generals, or Attorney Generals.
  It's going to be Republican Governors.
  You have seen some Republican Senators and members of the House.
  I mean, subpoena them.
  That's what they're doing.
  They're calling to subpoena Judge Marchand.
  I'd go after the lawyers involved in all of this stuff.
  I'd subpoena all of them and say, okay, you want to play this game?
  All right, let's play this game.
  Let's see how you like being put under the microscope.
  Let's see how you like your books getting gone through.
  Let's see how you like sitting on the other side of that courtroom.
  Let's see.
  This is the treatment you want to inflict on the American people?
  Let's see how you like it.
  So, you know, that's the problem.
  It's the same old problem.
   The people that we elect It's like Mike Johnson going on Fox News and talking about how corrupt the judge is and how a criminal law runs this country, and it's like, okay, so I can sit here and say that on my couch.
  Like, millions of Americans are sitting there saying that on their couch.
  What's the difference?
  You got elected!
  You're the Speaker of the House!
  You're the guy that's supposed to be doing something!
  It's like, what do you mean?
   It's like, we elected you, you're Speaker of the House, And you're sitting here telling the American people, well gee golly there's a criminal cabal that runs things and they really don't like Trump and they're getting Trump but it's okay we'll win in November.
  What do you mean we'll win in November?
  You're sitting here telling us a criminal cabal runs the whole country and how corrupt it is.
  And you're going to convince us that you have the same amount of power as somebody sitting at their house drinking coffee in the morning just getting ready for work?
  So that's what I'm sick of.
  And unless there's going to be a Republican leader that actually wants to do something, and I would argue Ken Paxton was one of the few.
  And he was really challenging the results of the 2020 election, he was really trying to file legal cases with that, he was really fighting back against the mandates, and so they went after Ken Paxton.
  And so that's the problem.
  But it's like eerie to have the Speaker of the House sitting there like, oh gee golly, well this is, you know, they're really getting Trump, they're a criminal cabal.
  Okay, thank you Speaker, now do something.
  Yeah, no, it's utterly pathetic.
  I was saying that same thing about Ken Paxton in particular, because he was one that on Twitter said this was a show trial, or I don't know his exact words, but it was basically saying this is totally false, this is a criminal activity.
  And it's like, okay, if you really think that, then what are you going to do about it?
  Here's the bottom line, folks.
  You ain't going to get nothing in life off kissing ass.
  And we're in a full war here, and you think I want to release the fucking audio I've got of the creepy-ass liberal fucking Fed coming to my office saying, oh, I got the fucking, you know, why don't we steal some money together?
  I didn't want to fight with these people.
  I tried to just move on from it.
  At a certain point, you got to say, it's worse to bow down to this than to go along with it.
  You've got to decide you're done.
  That's all I'm saying.
  If you guys finish up, we got more people on Spaces.
  We got millions on top of a regular audience.
  Millions.
  Because everybody's sharing this right now.
  And for those that don't know, why don't you recap?
  You guys have heard me describe it.
  How would you describe what happened to InfoWars for 24 hours?
  Well, I would just to kind of finish up on what we're talking about here.
  You can't give in because you see what's coming.
  If you give in to this system thinking, well, this is the easy way out or it's too hard to fight back or I don't want to risk whatever it is.
  Well, you don't understand.
  You become a total slave.
  No, the new world order drops his dick in your face and says, do it.
  I'm telling you guys, we barely, I don't want to stay here tonight.
  I want to go home to my kids and my wife.
  I've got to stay here.
  They literally tried to shut it down yesterday.
  That's where my student in and today.
  And I get, we have this disease where we only cover outside tax, which is a good disease.
  That's how I am.
  But now it's like, we're down to the wire.
  I got to tell you what's happening with us.
  Like, do you guys understand?
  Like we, like they have literally tried to order the shutdown of this.
  First for censorship, first for lawfare, first for imprisonment, first for shutdown.
  That's it.
  And then I hope it's not first for the next level.
  I don't even want to say it, but you know, that's where it's at.
  So, but I just love the fact that they took our restraint as weakness.
  Like, you know, you want full war, you got it.
  Like you, you got what you want right now.
  Don't gaslight me anymore and say, while you're doing this to me, it's cute and funny.
  Yeah.
  You know, the story that keeps jumping in my mind is I was watching a documentary about, I think it was the Golden State Killer or something, and there was a woman, a young woman saying, my grandmother said, I said, you know, there's this prowler walking around, he's killing people, he's going into people's heads.
  You need to lock your door.
  And the grandmother said, I don't want to lock my door.
  I don't want to live in a country where I have to lock my door.
  And she was killed that night by the Golden State Killer, because she didn't lock her door.
  I don't want to live in a country where there's lawfare.
  I don't want to live in a country where the Republicans are having to go after the Democrats, and the Democrats are going after... I don't want to, but that's the world that we live in.
  Yeah, exactly.
  We don't want to do it, but they started it.
  I don't want to do it.
  It's like, OK, OK, wow, I'm a really nice person until I take the skin off.
  It's like, if you guys are pussies, man, you ain't got no idea what I'm like.
  And that is what it is.
  It's treating restraint like weakness and thinking because they're not fighting back they can't fight back.
  I got this big animal that's really bad I'm trying to constrain and they keep messing with me to make me release it.
  It's like we don't want to fight because we know we're going to win.
  We don't want to put you people through that.
  They're demanding it though.
  They've got to be run over.
  You gotta get what you want, Tim.
  I mean, I've got everything right here.
  And the dumbasses think, shut the show down so he doesn't release it.
  You dumbasses, I released it a thousand places!
  I'm Alex Jones, you dumbass!
  It's just so stupid!
  Because they want to imagine they've got the power.
  I think the reality is probably in the next 30 days you'll see InfoWars get shut down and you'll see Donald Trump, well I guess in the next 60 days you'll see InfoWars shut down and Donald Trump in jail.
  Probably what people are going to have to see.
  And then World War III and the bird flu can proceed without interruption.
  Yep.
  Probably what we're all about to witness.
  Let's go to more people on spaces.
  Okay, so let's go to Ian Crossland.
  Ian, you've been here before.
  You moderated the infamous Zero Hedge debate that we had that was wonderful a few months ago.
  He's a great co-host with Tim Pool.
  Great co-host with Tim Pool on TimCast.
  Go ahead and unmute yourself.
  You've been patiently waiting with your hand raised and say what you've got to say.
  Thanks, man.
  Can you hear me okay?
  Yes, Ian, we love you.
  How's your colon?
  I love you too, Alex.
  I'm fucking so good, dude.
  I released like four feet of mucoid plaque, Alex.
  I took pictures.
  I'll show you.
  No, he texted me about a skull class.
  We had a little private conversation.
  It's kind of sick.
  Yeah, literally a liver flush, dude.
  That's where we're at.
  It's like time to heal your body, man.
  I mean, we've got to become the best tools that we can be.
  Our bodies, we've got to use them for good.
  We're radio receivers for life.
  For God's energy or whatever the fuck's going on, man.
  Personally, you're going to be okay.
  And what happened?
  Why are they trying to close it down?
  We're winning the court cases.
  Our appeals are winning.
  They just had a big victory in Connecticut overturning stuff.
  And I don't know.
  I've been totally up front.
  Everything's there.
  And I get here and I picked up weird stuff was going on.
  I saw security running around all scared.
  I said, oh, you're shutting us down today.
  I picked it up.
  They go, how do you know that?
  I said, boom, I got you.
  And then it was just like, it all just goes from there because it's all like green light, attack, attack.
  So that's what happened.
  Okay, I'm going to come out there tomorrow and sit in with you for whatever, for the near future and just make some stew.
  Now, you're welcome here.
  I'm going to sleep here tonight.
  And I'm going to sleep here the rest, whenever.
  Because I'm going to be here when whatever they try happens.
  I love this place, you know, so we're here.
  But it's an epic moment.
  Yeah.
  Let's be cool and calm and rational and heal ourselves.
  Take the time to meditate and be calm.
  I think it's, you know, I don't know.
  I don't know if history is going to look back on this or... I hear you, brother.
  We love you.
  We'll come tomorrow.
  You did a great job on TempCast.
  How did people find you?
  Oh, just follow me on X if you want to.
  At Ian Crossland.
  Thank you, brother.
  Good to talk to you.
  All right, I want to bring up Jay Dyer, who's a best-selling author and researcher on the New World Order.
  You know, Ian just asked me, why is this happening?
  Because this is the final assault.
  And so, it's here.
  You guys were here.
  I barely stopped him shutting it down.
  I had to like physically say no and explain the law.
  There was no court order.
  It was all color of law.
  All because I had discovered what was going on criminally.
  And I already released the tape today.
  If you missed it, it's on X. It's out there.
  I've got more stuff I'm going to release.
  But this is the Feds trying to set me up and me not playing along.
  So it's an honest man who's not part of their system that won't comport to their fraud.
  So, Jay Dyer, good to have you here, brother.
  Thank you.
  Yeah, I mean, this upsets me.
  Briefly, I'll just note that it was 21 years ago I saw a clip of you on a random website talking about skull and bones, and I went and watched it, and I watched a bunch of your documentaries, and I've been watching you ever since.
  And I think you even you probably underestimate the length to which you've affected so many millions of people out there, maybe even billions.
  And I think there's no real way to measure or even calculate the influence that you've had.
   So this is It's a dark time, I guess.
  We knew they were going to do this, but it also kind of puts a vindication mark all over everything they've done.
  Over the years, people would say, well, if Alex is telling the truth, if he's right about all this, well, then they try to shut him down.
  And then here we are at this very stage, this very juncture, which again is a giant vindication of what your life's work.
  So I think this is actually, it's an honor in a way, because it shows that you've been right.
  you know, closed-in for wars, which I think is nasty and demonic, like you said.
  I think it was a great term you said, "retarded arrogance." That's perfect.
   So the analogies to the Bolshevik Revolution that the previous Matt Bracken and Steve Bannon made, those were perfect analogies. I think evil can
   really only double down. It always has to do these kinds of, these kinds of actions, these kinds of clampdowns. So, you know, we know, in that sense we can know
   what they're going to do, and again, I think you're going to emerge out of this much stronger. Like you said, I hate it for the people involved in Infowars.
   I've been honored to be on that spot with you for the last four years, so I'm really appreciative of that, but... Well, I appreciate you, Jimmy. It's so emotional because...
  We've done so much good.
  There's so many good people.
  Now they're going to blow it all up?
  I'm not a pussy.
  We've had 30 years here and so much.
  To me, it signifies what's about to happen.
  It's going to be so rough, Jay.
  It's that OKC model that you've been talking about.
  When there was a rising populism at that time, they went to that OKC false flag model.
  So I think that you're right about that warning.
  Speak to that, because it's not hard to predict.
  They pre-programmed, right wingers are going to kill everybody, and now it's all over the news.
  What do you see happening next?
  Well, I remember they were saying, oh, Trump goes back to Russiagate.
   They said at the time, the same people that put out the Steele dossier and all that, they had that white paper where they said, Well, we can't actually allow another Trump administration.
  Because if they have two, they even said in the document something like it'll be the end of the global world order as well.
  Even the Financial Times said Trump's the end of the new world order.
  Because he just doesn't dislike people.
  Yeah, that document even said, we cannot allow it.
  And that's kind of the thinking behind why they had to do all this, you know, Steele dossier stuff.
  So, so I think that like, they're like, again, their hand is forced to do these kinds of clamp downs, but everybody sees it and it kind of like exposes everything even more.
  Why can't they just get to be pro-human?
  I love it.
  What's wrong with pussy?
  I'm sorry to be gross here with the listeners, but what's wrong with pussy?
  Humans are great, man.
  Why are they so anti-human?
  I love people.
  I don't even understand.
  My blind spot is, Jay, is why aren't they fans of humans?
  I'm a super fan.
  Like, I love humans.
  I love my parents.
  I love my wife.
  I love my kids.
  I like people.
  Like, why are they such assholes?
  Like, what is their fucking problem?
  I think you used a great term, uh, retarded demonic arrogance, I think.
  You know, you tap into these energies.
  You talk about it all the time.
  We tap into these things by our actions and by our will and our intention.
  If we tap into these dark forces and then push this demonic type of worldview, we only get more and more...
  Demonic.
  So I think that's really the best explanation.
  Well, look at the deep state.
  They've committed so many crimes.
  They've committed so many crimes on an international scale, a global scale, not just a domestic scale, that they have to double down.
  The minute they retreat or the minute they give up, they're all going to prison.
  But that's my thing is, shouldn't we as humans all be a gang of humans?
  Like, I really like people.
  I don't want to see people doing bad.
  Don't take anything away from me, but I want to empower you.
  I just see this human future, Jay.
  I just want to empower us.
  I just love us.
  It's like something's wrong with me according to these enemies.
  Like, why would we hurt our children?
  Well, that's what Jesus says.
  That's like one of the worst sins, right, is to hurt one of these little ones.
  That, to me, again, just speaks to the fact that it's at root, it's demonic.
  What's the other explanation?
  There's not really any other good explanation.
  Like, why would they all... So, it's an alien attack.
  Speak to that.
  The globalists know that.
  This is an alien transmission against to kill each other.
  Yeah, and you tap into that and you kind of align yourself with it when you go along with, through your will and intention, these different, you know, plans and evil actions.
  You know, when you sign on to that, when you say, oh, no, I'm all for that.
  You're aligning your will and your energy and intention with that demonic transmission.
  I like to use that analogy of transmission all the time.
  That's the perfect analogy.
  So Jay, tell us, what would humanity do if we merged with God?
  Imagine it.
  It's so powerful.
  Like, oh my God.
  How do we get Satanists to realize they're not dialed in the wrong frequency?
  Well, let's look at the historical civilizations that have dialed into God.
  You know, if you look at the Byzantine Empire as just one example, and I'm not saying it's perfect, it had a lot of problems, but it was the longest and most successful empire in the history of the world.
  And they made a lot of advances, they did a lot of great things.
  It wasn't perfect, they eventually fell.
  But that's just kind of an inkling of what happens to humans and what can happen, the potentiality that we have.
  And that's why the left loves Islam, because they took that down.
  Oh yeah, oh yeah.
  Yeah, I think you're right.
  Like, if we did tap into that, like, our potentiality would be infinite.
  Why aren't they Team Humanity, Jay?
  I don't get it.
  Like, we're made in the image of God.
  It's like, the global skill they can manipulate us for whatever they want.
  Why not get behind the main power?
  Maybe the Darwinian ethos that believes that you have to destroy everyone else, survival of the fittest, since that's kind of the operating system.
  So what do you make of Trump's fake conviction and all of this, and literal trying to lock the doors at InfoWars?
  Am I just hyping this, folks?
  Go ahead.
  No, no, I'm sorry.
  Go ahead.
  No, go ahead.
  I'm just saying, we're literally here at the last vapors.
  I hope we beat it.
  I hope we do, but this is not hype.
  Like, we're here.
  Like, we're in the last vapors.
  The two things are connected.
  They're absolutely connected.
  I mean, they had to do this.
  You know, they can't have somebody kind of, you know, subverting the mainstream stories about Trump, the mainstream narrative, which is all not true.
  It's all kind of obvious kangaroo court stuff.
  So you have to be shut down ahead of the possibility of, you know, the election.
  It's quite obvious why they had to do it.
  All right, brother, we'll get to talk to you.
  We're taking a few more speaker comments, and we're going to shut this down.
  Everybody can go home and get some sleep.
  I don't know.
  I'll be here tomorrow.
  I'll probably sleep here tonight.
  We don't know what's going to happen, but there are attempts to literally padlock InfoWars and shut us down.
  And they're like, oh, just don't worry.
  We're your friends.
  Why are you upset about that?
  Don't be extreme.
  You know, it's no big deal.
   You know, I'd like to say to understand so people understand, because I know that this team here, the broadcasts, the 30 years of work, Alex, you put into this, your blood, sweat, and tears.
  What does InfoWars mean to the audience?
  What does InfoWars mean to me?
  When I left sports media and joined politics, there were already a lot of people that thought I was crazy for doing that.
  A, because they thought my political beliefs were crazy.
  Now they realize how ahead of the curve I was.
   And then B, Oh, you're going to go join InfoWars and Alex Jones, the crazy people, the conspiracy theorists, the kooks?
  Like, what are you doing?
  You're committing career suicide.
  And of course, I knew that was never the case.
  And so to make that commitment eight years ago, and to be completely vindicated, and to ride this epic ride with you till the end, it's truly an honor.
  It is, and Vivian Kubrick, Stanley Kubrick's great daughter, sent me a link.
  We were at the top of Twitter, top political trend is now.
  Which is good, freedom is popular.
  And it's right where we belong.
  It's right where we belong.
  And that'll be their final motivation to come padlock this studio.
  Because he did it.
  And that's why I wanted to just be here today.
  I'm so glad you came, because I just wanted to have a celebration of the great work we've done.
  And them shutting us down won't be a victory, folks.
  Believe me, I'm going to release all the stuff.
  I got their ass.
  But it's just they're just desperate.
  They can't have you on top.
  And so, you know, well, they know they said what they said.
  And they're just like, oh, my God, is he going to release it?
  Yeah, I'm going to release it.
  But it'll be 2.0, it'll be 3.0, it'll be new clones, new satellites.
  So, it's all in God's plan.
  The damage has already been done.
  There's already 10,000 Alex Joneses falling down the path that you blazed.
  And since we're reminiscing here, I mean, you know, I joined seven years ago, and I joined after Trump won, because all through 2016, I had a great time just watching everything happen.
  How did you get hired?
  I forget.
  You're doing forever.
  I got hired through Craigslist.
  No, it was a series of incredible coincidences, which essentially amounts to God just being like, no, you're supposed to be right here.
  So I ended up here as a cameraman and editor.
  But I just realized after Trump won, it was like, okay, now's the time.
  I gotta get involved.
  I'd always had my political ideas, but my idea was always like, I'm a filmmaker, I'll keep my stuff quiet and try to be successful, and then I'll start talking about politics.
  But as soon as Trump won, it was like, now's the time.
  Time to get involved, time to get active.
  I hope that if InfoWars goes down, God forbid, that people have that same reaction of, okay, I've been sitting by the sidelines for a while thinking things will work out.
  Now is the time to get involved and once you do, you know, God only knows what the future holds.
  When I started here seven years ago, right after Trump got inaugurated, February 2017, this room was full of products, I think, being sold.
  There was one studio and it was the War Room Studio now.
  Now there's that studio, there's the studio I do American Journal out of, there's this studio, we got another building, Band.Video exists now, we were still on YouTube back then, I mean the growth that has happened over the last- Well that's the thing, they think they shut this down, we just now go boom.
  Yeah.
  Which I haven't even entertained that yet, but it's boom.
  It's the Streisand effect.
  We'll only get bigger.
  We'll only have more support.
  People will only be more driven and more, and they'll understand even more.
  I mean, it's like the thing with the Trump guilt.
  How many people, as I can't remember who was pointing it out earlier, but I think it was Steve Bannon was pointing out the number of people who were saying, all right, you're Chip Roy.
  Now's the time.
  Let's get biblical with this.
  Yeah, all these legislatures are going to full war.
  They're pulling money from BlackRock.
  BlackRock's panicking.
  Yeah, thank God.
  I'm almost glad Trump got found guilty because if he was found innocent or found not guilty, we would celebrate and we'd be happy and we'd laugh at the liberals for their thing failing, but that awakening wouldn't have happened.
  I think it has to get to this extreme level to where people go, wait, they're shutting down media accounts?
  They're throwing former presidents in prison?
  Alright, I can't just ignore this any longer, so maybe it's a necessary transformation that we all go through, but perhaps the most vindicating part of all of this is that how many leftist outlets have failed in just the last year?
  I could probably name ten off the top of my head.
  Vice News, they just laid off Media Matters, and by the way, I wasn't even fake crying earlier, I literally, this is so epic, I can't help but cry because the energy's so high.
  It's an incredible thing, and so if we go down, we'll know it's not because people stopped watching us.
  All the lefties, nobody's watching them, nobody's advertising on them, nobody cares.
  We've only gotten more popular, we've only gotten more powerful, and they can't handle that and they want to cheat to shut us down.
  So it's like you're going into the ring with a boxer that you can't beat, and so you poison his drink before the round, or you stab him in the side like in Gladiator.
  They can't compete with us on uneven ground, so they're cheating to win.
  Yeah, like, we've got General Flynn, the former head of Defense Intelligence, we've got it all happening right now, and these idiots think, like, I don't want to burn these people, I don't want to be an asshole.
  I'm like, wait, you told me to just take money and hide it?
  I go to the bathroom, I come back, and it's like, I got your ass, dude.
  I don't want to burn you down, but you're going to make me burn you down.
  You're watching right now like, dude, I'm burning you down.
  You're gonna make me burn you down.
  It's like, whoa!
  You want a fuckin' war?
  You got one.
  I'm not part of your fuckin' bullshit, fuckin' dick-sucking New World Order, dude.
  Like, this is war.
  This is the real world, dude.
  This is real people.
  Real people, man.
  Like, I'm real.
  I'm right here.
  You understand?
  I'm out here, playin' down to you, and I'm here to be a pussy.
  You fuckin' rapin' the ass.
  No, dude.
  You fuck me, you get a fuckin' war.
  You understand?
  Alex Jones, like a fuckin' rhinoceros, is coming.
  You got it?
  So, that's where you are.
  And now, the Rhinoceros is coming.
  So play your fucking games, gaslight me all day, you get war.
  You get war, and war, and war, and war, and war, and war, a little more, on top of the war.
  In closing, let's go to some more spaces, people.
  Let's do it, because we could be shut down tomorrow.
  Oh, they'll have their big victory.
  It'll be all over Bloomberg and AP.
  Alex Jones' thing shut down.
  Whatever bullshit story they have.
  Fuck you!
  That'll be our victory.
  Oh, fuck you!
  I'm telling you, like, war.
  You want war, you got war.
  Do it.
  Let's go to Liz in the spaces.
  Liz, you've been waiting patiently.
  Go ahead and unmute yourself and say what you've got to say.
  And if you're still there, go ahead.
  Hi, how are you guys doing?
  Can you hear me okay?
  Yeah, let's hear it.
  Okay, Alex?
  We need you to stay strong.
  No more crying.
  You are in very good company.
  We have... Hold on.
  My crying was real.
  It's the tears of joy and pain.
  So, it's real.
  It wasn't a fake thing when I did that.
  So, I can't help it.
  I know.
   But you're in good company because there are a lot of people in this chat That have been persecuted, harassed, threatened, intimidated the same way that you have been.
  I know that they have been messing with you for years.
  I know that demon piece of shit, James Alifanis, has threatened you.
  He did the same thing to me.
  And I just want to let you know that with these monsters, these demons, these elites who are involved in the rape, torture, and trafficking of children, we cannot bend a knee to them.
  We need to stand strong, and if anything, we need to double down on them.
  Because here's the thing.
  You expose the elite pedophile rings.
  You expose the trafficking that's going on via the Biden administration at the border.
  Mike Smith exposed it in Out of Shadows, Pizzagate.
  General Flynn is exposing this.
  We have a whole board with America's Future that is dedicated to exposing sex trafficking.
  And I hyper-focus on the elite, like Jeffrey Epstein, right?
  That is the one secret that not only do they not want to get out, they know that when President Trump gets back into office, he's going to finish the job that he started and continue to not only combat child sex trafficking.
  I'm not insecure about the fact that I emotionally have tears.
  This is such an epic moment.
  But I totally agree with you.
   And that's what I'm trying to say to people is that This is so epic.
  I've literally had to sleep here and today I said, watch.
  When I did that earlier show today, they're going to send people to shut us down.
  And they call, they go, yeah, we've been ordered to shut the building down, but we're not going to follow the law that doesn't say that.
  There's no court order.
  Because I'm going to call the police and say, where's the court order to shut this down?
  But when they shut it down, folks, it's not a defeat.
  We didn't ask for this and we didn't do this.
  It is a defeat of them.
  Whatever happens, you stand strong, number one.
  Number two...
  If they do shut you down, it's just going to help you.
  It's going to give you the martyr status that they've given you.
  Here's the thing, I get that, but I have to steadfastly, I'm not Machiavelli, I don't do that.
  I have a crew and I get that.
  I agree with you.
  My point is I can't be them and like, oh God, I'm going to play this victim now.
  I'm trying to do this because I don't play games.
  But yes, you're absolutely right.
  I hear you.
  Next person on X. Thank you so much.
  Alright, let's go to Jake Chansley.
  Jake, the Q Shaman Chansley.
  Go ahead and unmute yourself and share what you've got to say if you're still with us.
  I know you've had your hand up for some time.
  One of the time I don't play games, man.
  I am.
  Wow, Jake Chansley.
  We've had some epic moments on this show before.
  Yeah, you've been thrown in prison for nothing.
  What's up, brother?
  Hey, God bless you guys and keep staying strong, man.
  No weapon forged against you shall prosper, so sayeth the Lord.
  Now, I want to throw something out there as far as an idea of what we can do.
   Every man, woman, and child in this country that is against tyranny, I think I talked to you, Alex, about this on the interview that we did, but I will just say it one more time.
  Each and every single capital in the United States, like Washington, D.C., is built on electromagnetic ley lines.
  And these ley lines have certain levels of spiritual power over our thoughts and our emotions.
   And that's why they build these capitals on these ley lines, and they try to pass law that affect our behavior, our thoughts, and our emotions.
   So I'm proposing, like what I do every single Saturday here in Phoenix, is going down to our state and local capitals, assembling on the ley lines for prayer and meditation.
   So that when- So Jake, I know who you are.
  We've had you on.
  People should follow you.
  It's great.
  I know it's all true.
  What is your view on what's currently happening with the assault on Trump, the assault on America, the New World Order?
  We get to lay my stuff.
  Give us your take on that.
  Well, my take, Alex, is that it's spiritual warfare.
  They're attempting to demoralize humanity.
  And the whole thing about demoralization is getting people to think and believe that resistance is futile, the war is already lost, and there's no point in fighting when nothing can be further from the truth.
  This is a defensive tactic.
  Censorship is defensive.
  Trying to shut you down is defensive because they know your voice is potent.
  Trying to throw Trump in prison is a defensive measure because they know Trump has the base that will basically get rid of their new role.
  He's pro-human.
  Trump ain't perfect, but he ain't against people.
  He fucked cheeseburgers and football games is prosperity.
  They are scared of him.
  Well, and they need America to go down because we have a Constitution, we have a Bill of Rights.
  You cannot take a picture... We're an example they've got to destroy!
  Right, and you can't take a dictatorship and bring it into a free country, which is what they're trying to do, which is why this is going to fail.
  So we cannot be demoralized.
  We must assemble peacefully and not comply.
  That's the main thing.
  Noncompliance with tyranny is the ultimate statement of freedom.
  It is the ultimate rebellion.
  So reclaim our mind.
  That is the goal here.
  Congress, let me ask you this.
  They're still trying with J6 police to say it was worse than Pearl Harbor and 9-11, which is ridiculous.
  No one's buying that.
  Where do you think that's going?
  Oh, they're going to double down just like they're trying to double down with this whole felon thing with Trump.
  But remember, our founders were considered felons.
  I don't think they actually read the founding documents or know American history.
  And the rebellious free spirit of the average American is so strong.
  That's why they're trying to demoralize us.
  So this whole J6 narrative fell completely on its face, especially when Tucker Carlson aired that footage of me being escorted around the Capitol.
  Because they made me the face, they tried to paint me as some wild-eyed lunatic.
  And they invited you in?
  And you said, everybody be peaceful and don't be violent?
  Exactly, it blew up their face.
  Jacob Chansley, thank you so much.
  Happy to follow you.
  Uh, they can follow me at AmericaShaman, that's AmericaShaman here on X, or they can go to my website ForbiddenTruthAcademy.com.
  That's ForbiddenTruthAcademy.com.
  You guys got any questions for him?
  Are we getting the next person?
  Next person.
  Alright, go to the next person.
  Hey, I'm gonna go home tonight.
  I'm not gonna stay here like last night.
  I couldn't sleep good on that couch.
  Got a big crick in my back.
  And they shut us down.
  It is, we're here, it was the last show.
  I'm so glad we're here celebrating the history of InfoWars.
  30 years on air.
  And it's just, it's the enemy, it's gonna, God's gonna turn it towards good.
  You'll be here tomorrow.
  You think so?
  I believe it, yep.
  God's gonna give you at least another day, for sure.
  I hope you're right.
  I tell you what, if Sunday Night Live is the last show to air on InfoWars, it's going to be a travesty.
  Alex, you should be on the show tomorrow night.
  You should be up for hours.
  I have no doubt.
  Guys, am I making it up?
  They were like, we're going to shut the doors today.
  I said, well, I'm not leaving.
  They backed off.
  No, it's definitely the final.
  It's not because we're here.
  They don't want to have a conversation.
  I do believe it's the final countdown, but I think you'll get tomorrow.
  You'll get tomorrow.
  All right, folks.
  Let's go to Roz Alerts.
  You've had your hand raised for some time.
  Go ahead and unmute yourself and say what you have to say.
  Hey, Alex.
  This is Roz Alerts.
  I've been a fan for your show for quite some time, so I've seen that you reported on our reports.
  You're welcome.
  Thank you.
  Thank you for being on, brother.
  Yeah, thank you.
  Yeah, it's quite concerning to hear this news and I hope everything is going to go well and this isn't the last show.
  So I just want to send a lot of thoughts to you guys.
  So thank you for... Well, I don't want to be a dick.
  I want to explain.
  I had to literally confront people.
  Yeah, no, that was about it.
  So thank you guys for doing this.
  I'm gonna run around like a fucking goblin around here like being really aggressive people like bitching like oh, why are you mad?
   We're shutting you down So I've had to like literally
   Gobbling around the office to keep this place going. So don't tell you this is probably the last show but go ahead Yeah, no, that's that was about it so thank you guys for doing this
   Yeah, thank you Any other points you got brother? I'm sorry. I'm ranting
  You're good.
  That's about it.
  Well, I know he'll be reporting on it if they shut it down tonight.
  Yeah, I mean, I just want to be clear with people.
  Folks, on my soul, I'm not a drama queen, okay?
  I don't sit here and tell you we're on our death's doorstep without it happening.
  We are literally under attack, folks.
  Well, I think if they do come and padlock the doors tonight, it'll just be the biggest news story in a crazy week.
  I think there's going to be a bit of a teeter-totter.
  When we sign off, Trump is going to blow the lid off of the UFC event tonight.
  That's going to be insane.
  The whole arena is going to go crazy.
  30,000 screaming people.
  And then I think after that, the next big thing, then they'll probably padlock.
  That's kind of how I feel that the shift is going to happen.
  Yeah.
  It's wild, man.
  I love the crew.
  I'll just say that.
  I think of the crew as like me.
  That's my arm.
  I love this guy.
  I love this girl.
  Like decommissioning the Millennium Falcon.
  Yeah, it's like, oh, that's mine.
  That's mine.
  But they get the Millennium Falcon back eventually, Alex.
  I'm so pissed off.
  I'm trying to cry.
  It's a fake thing, man.
  I'm so sick of these people.
  All we're trying to do is save America and they're fucking us over, over and over again.
  And it's just so sick.
  It's sick.
  And I don't want to leave.
  I don't want to leave because it's going to be over, folks.
  And I'll come back bigger than ever, but it's like my baby and I'm watching them rape it because they're fucking assholes.
  Fuckin' pussies, man!
  So I'm gonna release a fuckin' video!
  I'm gonna release a fuckin' audio on you!
  I'll get you, motherfucker!
  You better fuckin' be sorry about that!
  Go ahead.
  I don't know how you follow that.
  I'm just telling you, man.
  I am not taking it lying down.
  I don't know how to do it.
  I'm not built to suck your dick.
  I'm not built to be- I'm not- I'm built for war, motherfucker!
  And I will not fucking bow to you!
  I will fuck... God damn you fucking assholes, man.
  I'll fucking... Son of a bitches.
  Fucking... Fucking assholes.
  Who's up next?
  Alright folks, let's go to Dan Ball.
  Dan Ball, go ahead and unmute yourself and say what you gotta say.
  Alex Dimball from One America News.
  Brother, I hear ya.
  I'm just as fucking pissed off about what's happening to this country and what these motherfuckers are doing to.
  I don't know if you know our story at OAN.
  Fuck them!
  Fuck you!
  I'll never give up, motherfuckers!
  Sorry, go ahead.
  Tell us what you want to say.
  No, no, no.
  Alex, hey brother.
  I'm not there because they haven't locked our fucking doors yet, but we're close to it.
  You know what's been happening to us.
  You've been fucked over.
  They're so scared of you.
  Fuck them!
  Fuck you, New World Order!
  Fuck you!
  To me, it's like the thing.
  I'm living like with fucking Kurt Russell and the fucking thing.
  We're in the fucking Antarctic and the fucking aliens take it over.
  I'm just fucking trying to win, man.
  Well, you're trying to save the country, bro.
  That's the way I feel.
  You know, I did local fucking news for 30 years.
  I was a puppet.
  I got it in at OAN four years ago because I had an epiphany.
  I literally, on election night especially, it really hit me, brother.
  I was sitting next to my fiance and the numbers started changing.
   I literally said, Trump's gonna lose.
  Biden needs to win.
  The country, the American people, need to see how fucked up this evil movement is.
  This radical, progressive, liberal agenda, and the New World Order, the fucking Great Reset, all of it together.
  It's good versus evil.
  It really is.
  And I'm... We saw the numbers in Michigan and Pennsylvania, like, bloop, right up, like, bloop.
  Yeah.
  No, and I had this epiphany, and I think it was God talking to me.
   He said, He's gonna lose.
  Americans need to see how evil this is.
  And I think they're seeing it with what they did to Trump this week.
  What they're doing is shutting you down.
  But whoever earlier was talking about how the left-wing media is dying on the vine, it is.
  They're fucking shutting down.
  People are waking up.
  They're tuning into shows like yours, like OAN.
  Independent journalists like Nick Sorter, they're doing that.
  They're coming around.
  We just got to keep the fucking pressure on because this is a battle of good and evil.
  I truly, at 100%, in my heart of hearts, believe that's what it is.
  I mean, look at all these sickos that are fucking pedophiles.
  What else can it be?
  They're stealing the children.
  They're hurting the children.
  The border's wide fucking open and they're letting millions of kids get fucking kidnapped and trafficked.
  Of course this is good versus evil.
  It's not left, right, Republican, Democrat.
  So if there's people down in this space, you've got thousands on here, and I see some names I recognize that are liberals, we're trying to help you too, you fuckers!
  We're trying to save the country!
  If the country saves the world... Is there a bunch of pussies that serve Satan?
  I think it's cute to be a Satanist.
  I think it's cute to kiss the devil's ass.
  You're totally right.
  They do.
  Like, okay, look, it's Pride Month today.
  Listen.
  How about we have some fucking pride in the country?
  How about some pride in the country?
  Instead of kissing ass and sucking everybody's dick about this, that, and the other thing, and separating each other.
  What Alex has been trying to do, whether he's been right or wrong, and me too, whether I'm right or wrong on my show, what we're trying to do, we are patriots.
  We're trying to fucking help everyone.
  That includes people that we don't agree with!
  We would never want CNN or MSNBC or these cocksuckers shut down, even though they lie to you every fucking day!
  Because that's called freedom of speech and freedom of the press!
  That's what we're here for!
  And we're also here to save the family unit.
  To save this country.
  To save what... You know, I fucking served in the Air Force and I've been doing television news for 32 fucking years.
  And I thought I was doing the right thing serving my community.
   And then a few years ago I woke up, thanks to Trump, A lot of people, I think, woke up thanks to him.
  And now the movement is so big.
  And Alex, you've been out there spitting truth for decades.
  And look, I've always agreed with you on everything.
  But brother, I love the passion.
  I love that you have had the balls to fucking stand up to this fucking machine that wants to shut us all down.
  So thank you for that.
  That's the bottom line, brother.
  I ain't fucking bound to this machine.
  And I fucking hate it.
  And I'm in total fucking war against them.
  God bless you.
  God bless you, brother.
  Who's up next?
  Alright, alright.
  Next up, let's go to Terrible.
  Terrible, go ahead and unmute yourself and say what you have to say.
  If you're still with us, there you go.
  Hi guys, Alex, I just want to say you can't give up.
  We need you in this fight, but just so you know, we are here fighting for you no matter what happens.
  I know, no matter what happens to us, just keep attacking.
  Just keep going, don't ever give up.
  That's right.
  And we've built an army on this platform.
  I was just curious, where do people find you if they do padlock you and shut you down?
  I mean, I don't know.
  Real Alex Jones on X. I mean, I had never even thought about something past this because I would never give up on this.
  So I have no plan for the future.
  Real Alex Jones on X. Follow us there.
  That's where we're at.
  It's pretty crazy to see the full circle we've gone in where Twitter was the one platform censoring Trump during his presidency and started that whole charade and now we've gone full circle, done a 180, and it's the only platform allowing us to speak out.
  Look, I'm just trying as good as I can.
  I'm spiritually exhausted because I can feel, my problem is I can feel the evil coming in.
  I want to be strong to face this.
  And guys like you already done your job, just step aside.
  So that's why I'm physically ill right now, watching the full satanic takeover.
  We're just trying as best we can.
  We love you.
  We appreciate you and you're the answer in the future.
  Tell them the truth, but that's where we are.
  Thank you.
  Who's the next person?
  I don't want to leave.
  I'm exhausted.
  I couldn't even sleep last night.
  I slept on the couch.
  I'm not complaining.
  I'm completely cross-eyed, crazy, exhausted.
  And I can't, I'm literally here like watching a family member die, like 30 years on air, 27 years in operation, 15 years in this building.
  And I'm literally, when I know I leave tonight, they're going to shut us down.
  Maybe it's tomorrow, the next day.
  I just want people to know, I love you.
  I believe in you.
  I believe in humanity.
  I believe in my grandparents.
  I believe in my parents.
  I believe in humanity.
  I just want to stop these people.
  They gotta be stopped.
  We gotta stop them.
  So, at the end of the day, we're gonna beat these people.
  I'm not trying to be dramatic here, but it's been a hard fight.
  These people hate our children.
  Just take more calls.
  Go ahead.
  There's the next person.
  Because we can't give up now.
  We have to keep going.
  We have to stay here.
  We have to let them shut us down.
  We have to stand all the way to the end.
  And we're going to win.
  Jones, I think everybody needs a war cry, man.
  Can you muster a war cry?
  It's a big joke.
  It's not really, though.
  I mean, it is, but it isn't.
  It's also inspiring.
  It's my resistance to them.
  It's a God's transmission.
  as a human under attack.
  Alright let's go to, let's go to one more speaker.
  Let's go to Myron.
  Myron, what is on your mind?
  Hey guys, Myron Gaines from the Fresh Look Podcast here, man.
  I just had to come in and show my support.
  I've been there, man.
  Demonetized, cancelled, all that shit.
  It's the fucking worst, man.
  I'm just here to lend a supporting hand.
  If you guys need anything from us down in Miami, just give me the word.
  All they're asking is you take what we do, and long after we're gone, just promote it.
  We are with you.
  Just all we ask is that we're with you, just promote what we did long after we're gone.
  Like cave drawings.
  People make those cave drawings.
  They want to be seen by their future.
  Because they love people beyond their family.
  Like, I want to be known.
  I love humans.
  I want to just... I'm just here making cave drawings.
  I love you, man.
  I just want to help you.
  You want to help me.
  So just remember me.
  That's all I'm saying.
  No, well, here's the thing, Alex.
  We're not going to remember you because you're going to keep going, man.
  Because you started this shit and you're going to fucking end this shit.
  These people can't stop you.
  You've been fighting this fight for damn near since I was in diapers.
  You got to keep going, man.
  A lot of people started this because of you.
  I'm not going to quit.
  These motherfuckers are not going to take this from me.
  They're not gonna take this from you.
  You're a fucking legend, Alex.
  I don't care about me.
  It's that the fact they're coming!
  The assault is now!
  The enemy is coming!
  You understand?
  It's here!
  This is it!
  Do you understand me?
  It's not about me.
  The enemy is coming!
  We're the carry in the coal mine.
  Go ahead and finish up.
  I'm gonna finish up.
  No, man.
  I mean, whatever you guys need.
You guys need anything for FresherFit, man, you tell me, I'll... Well, I'll tell you. 
  InfoWars is overrun.
  Supporting InfoWars store, it's done.
  We're overtaken.
  Maybe we fix it.
  I'll tell you.
  Day one, it's happened.
  It's gone.
  We're overrun.
  Enemies all over us.
  My dad said two years ago, he's smarter than I am.
  He said, you're going to be shut down.
  I'm starting to think drjonesnaturals.com as our sponsor of the next level.
  We don't even need much money.
  We've already got emergency stuff backed up.
  We're going to continue on no matter what happens here.
  But I need anyone that cares about what we're doing.
  I can't even believe how epic this is.
  Like it's a no brainer.
  We have probably 5 million people watching right now.
   Less than 1% will buy a goddamn tube of toothpaste or a Incredible products we've got.
  Go to DonaldJonesNaturals.com.
  I'm not bitching.
  I'm like, you want a revolution, man?
  You want victory?
  You want fucking war against fucking terrorists?
  You fucking got people that are ready to fight, man.
  I mean, I'm fucking completely war-driven against these people.
  I fucking knocked my earpiece out.
  I am completely... Somebody come find my earpiece.
  Put it in my ear.
  I am completely war-driven, okay?
  I literally love humanity.
  I fucking love people.
  I love everybody.
  Black people, white people, old people, everybody.
  I literally just wanna beat tyrants.
  I literally love humanity, thank you.
  So I'm just saying, it's so fucking simple, drjonesnaturals.com, go get these products, support us with my embattled family.
  My dad literally saw this happening and said, I'm doing this at 75 years old and ran off and set this company up.
  So yes, drjonesnaturals.com, amazing products right now.
  There, I'm not gonna even plug it.
  If you're not gonna support me, I don't fucking care.
  But I am in the trenches.
  I hate satanists.
  I hate pedophiles.
  I hate demonic people.
  I hate anti-humans.
  I am totally fucking committed to our species.
  I am totally fucking committed against satanists.
   I have I hate the New World Order!
  With every ounce of my body, I don't support these people!
  And all I'm saying is, will you support us in this fight?
  DrJonesNash.com.
  And that's why I will release all the video.
  I will release all the shit on these fucking people that fucking think I'm gonna bow down to them and suck their fucking dick!
  It ain't fucking happening!
  They want a fucking war!
  Yay!
  Better believe they got one!
  And I'm sorry for all the cussin' folks, but I am beyond bullshit level.
  I'm beyond Mr. Fuckin' Nice Guy shit.
  That's all over now.
  Total war!
  Total war is what they want!
  Total war!
  Is what they get.
  So if you support what I'm doing, drjonesnaturals.com to support the tip of the spear and the fight for the human destiny in the future of the world.
  And I'm done talking about it.
  I appreciate you all.
  You guys can go and take more calls.
  I'm going to end this right now.
  And I'm just I'm fucking done.
  I'm done.
  I appreciate everybody.
  You guys close the comments.
  Go ahead.
  Every moment we have here at InfoWars shall not be taken for granted.
  Every moment that we have is truly in the final moments.
  It's a good chance this is our last show.
  No, if this is the final, if this is the final one then I mean it's about as epic as you can do.
  It's about the last dance, stealing the ball, taking it down the court, crossing over your enemy, putting his ass on the floor and hitting the buzzer beater shot to win the championship.
  So, you have nothing to be ashamed of.
  This crew has nothing to be ashamed of.
  This audience has nothing to be ashamed of.
  We have nothing to be afraid of.
  We will be victorious.
  We carried it out!
  That's right.
  That's it.
  Mission, mission.
  I mean, look, the mission is accomplished when either we save the country or they decommissioned Memorial Falcon.
  But in front of God we can write that.
  Yeah.
  It's like, it's like, the only audience I ever have on is God.
  I never talk to the audience.
  I love the audience.
  I love you guys.
  But I never talk in the audience.
  I'm like in front of God every day on air.
  I have one fucking viewer.
  It's God.
  That make sense?
  Yep.
  That's the way you got it.
  No, finish your point.
  I was interrupting.
  No, that's it.
  That's the point.
  They can decommission the Millennium Falcon.
  It's kind of weird to shut this down because I don't think we're gonna be... I think it's over.
  Like, folks, two days, I've had to live here to stop them.
  I've had to literally convince police and shit not to shut us down.
  And say, you don't have an order, like, don't do it.
  Like, this is what's going on, you guys are here.
  Like, people don't know, like, this is, I don't fucking hype you, man.
  I would never lie to you in a minute.
  This is going down.
  Well, yeah, Obi-Wan Kenobi could have battled Darth Vader for 10 million years, and he instead said, go ahead.
  I'll be more powerful than you can ever imagine.
   That's my guilt, though, because I've I've decided to let him do it.
  But I haven't.
  I said I'm gonna do it.
  I can't fucking leave.
  Like, this is it, folks.
  This is the end of 30 years.
  This is the end of a fucking war.
  We did these fucking pieces of shit that fucking hate our families just because we're good people!
  That's the other thing.
  It's like, who doesn't want to be free and have prosperity?
  Who doesn't want energy?
  I'm selling fucking ice cold to people in hell!
  Like, why won't you join us?
  Why are you scum?
  Because they're like, we're with the devil.
  That's why, motherfucker.
  So finish up, Owen.
  I can't shut down.
  We're going to 20 minutes.
  Because this is probably the last show ever.
  I can feel it.
  You see it.
  They fucking are ready to come in.
  This is fucked up, man.
  We're here.
  We're right now.
  Because I could easily shut down right now, Owen.
  But when you drive away tonight, you're going to wish you said something.
  What do you want to say about your life and your family and who you are?
  And then Harrison Smith.
  Let's just keep going.
  Because they don't want this.
  This is the final moments, man.
  Well, I guess every day you wake up, you ask yourself, is America worth fighting for?
  Is freedom worth fighting for?
  And if your answer is yes, then the rest follows.
  I mean, that's it.
  That's it.
  That's why we do what we do here.
  That's why the crew's here.
  That's why you're here.
  Yeah, I don't even know if I can... I mean, we're here at the end, brother.
  Like, literally, we're the Alamo.
   this quick fucking like we're we're going down it's emblematic This is the full communist assault right now.
  Like people need to know this is going down right now.
  This is happening.
  And we're here in defense of freedom in the whole West, literally sitting there and people like, oh, these are people on a fucking error.
  No, man, this ain't no fucking lie, man.
  It's going down right now.
  everything we're trying to do, our children, their whole future.
  Harrison, what's it been like?
  What is your vision of freedom?
  Because there's millions watching right now, and we're going to go out here, and if it's today or tomorrow, we're going down.
  They're shutting it down.
  What do we say?
  Or maybe a mural happens.
  I hope that happens, but no.
  They fucking got in the deep state.
  The CIA, the FBI is coming.
  What do we say?
  Before we're in prison, before we're fucking, beat our fucking ass, man.
  They're going to fucking take me in there.
   Kicked the shit out of me. I'm ready to do it. I don't care. I made this fucking deal with God 30 years ago I'm asking you. What do you want to say to people going out man? We may be back tomorrow
   Hope we are but like we only have surety right now What do we want to say to our enemies right now before we're gone before we're shut up before we're putting the fucking dirt
   I'd say they don't realize they gave us all opportunities to live up to God's standard they have it do it that if if
  If you knew that this is how it was going to end 30 years ago, you would have done exactly the same thing.
  If I knew that this company would be shut down and I wouldn't get a job in media, I'd do exactly the same thing.
  Because every single day from the audience, I mean it's all about the audience, every call I get, every comment, that's what makes it all worth it.
  It's impossible to describe the feeling of every morning going home.
  That's right, people that feel alone, they tune in and they feel the love.
  And they understand that they're not alone, that they're not the crazy ones, that everything is as batshit insane as they think that it is, and that good people will stand up and can defeat this, and that even in defeat, even if we get shut down, even if we get crushed, we'll be back the next day and there's 10,000 people.
  Well, God's watching.
  God's watching.
  I mean, that's the thing.
  When you understand that what you're doing is good, when you understand that what you're doing is in line with God's goals for you, you just do it, and it just feels like flying.
  I mean, every day when I drive home after my show, I literally am like laughing out loud, just like, I just got to go head-to-head with the globalists.
  I got to say whatever I want, and they can't do a fucking thing about it.
  And that's the best feeling in the world and you can capture that feeling and everybody, I mean this is sad, this is tragic.
  InfoWars going down is it's vindication of everything you've said for the last 30 years but don't be demoralized.
   Understand that this is In a warped and perverted and fallen way, this is victory.
  This is vindication for everything that's been said and this is an opportunity to fight just like the guys at the Alamo had an opportunity to fight and write their names in history.
  That's right.
  Yeah, that's it.
  It's just so epic.
  We may be back tomorrow or the next day, but probably not.
  That's why I don't want to leave.
  It's like I'm here.
  It's so precious.
  It's so good.
  My tears are not of failure, but of victory.
  We have influenced everybody.
  We have changed the world.
  God did this.
  They couldn't beat us in the field of ideas.
  They couldn't beat us in the soul, in the spirit.
  So they had to destroy us.
  They had to destroy us illegitimately and they had to take you off air and shut you up illegitimately because they couldn't defeat you.
  They couldn't defeat InfoWars.
  They couldn't beat InfoWars head-to-head in a battle of media and viewership and support.
  So this is their only option.
  This is their only option to just illegitimately decommission.
  So we unplug right now?
  This is it?
  We're done?
  All right, I guess that's it.
  Is there anybody else we should go to?
  Chase, I heard you commenting earlier.
  Do you want to do closing comments?
  Man, I don't even know where to begin, how to follow that up.
  I feel almost a little bit hypocritical even saying anything since I've been here only a year.
  You've been doing this 30 years.
  There are guys here that have been here over 20 years.
  Harrison's been on here many years.
  Owen's been with you for a long time.
  Going back and looking at old clips of Owen when he first started, it's almost comical to see the difference and the growth and the maturity.
  You know, what I do want to really emphasize here, and I know that this feels like an end to you, Alex, and to the listeners, what I really want to emphasize is that this is the end of Act 1 of a two-act play.
  This is the beginning of something new, the second half of the movie.
  This is the end of Dune Part 1.
  We're going into Dune Part 2, and we are going to totally fucking murder these people politically.
  And it's going to be fucking awesome.
  they can try to shut down one race car, Dale Earnhardt Jr. just gets in the next.
   Let me just say, I had an experience when I first moved to Austin, driving down the road on Guadalupe and Lamar, and I saw some guy standing out there with a sign
  that just said, "Hear the truth, 97.1" or whatever it was.
  I thought, alright, if some guy's going to stand out there for a sign, he clearly was on his lunch break from work, I better see what this is all about.
   And I turned to it, and it was Alex Jones, and you were given some monologue about just what freedom is and it was just an experience that I'll never forget, going from just driving down the road, minding my own business, you know.
  And we got a pirate radio station up, and some guy went out and put a sandwich board up.
  And he was just standing there holding it, and it just said, hear the truth.
  And it was just, it was about George Washington, and crossing the Delaware, and fighting for freedom, and within 10 seconds, I'm yelling at my steering wheel, just like, yes!
  This is what America's about.
  They will never defeat us.
  And it's that spirit, more so than the information, it's that spirit of resistance and the spirit of freedom.
  And that's the thing.
  The people that throw the pebbles in the water, it's had such an effect.
  We could shut down now.
  It's devastating.
  But we can't stop.
  We can't stop, folks.
  Well, they can shut us down, but they won't defeat us.
  That's it.
  They can shut us down, but they won't defeat us.
  They can try to take our voices, but they will not take our souls.
  They will not take our spirits.
  And I don't even believe they will take our voices.
  I don't even believe... Well, they're dumb enough to come in my office and get me to try to engage in crimes, and I record them.
  I mean, this is an epic studio.
  Like, they don't even know.
  They're upset right now at our release today.
  Get ready for the next release.
  This is an epic studio.
  This is an epic building.
  This is an epic crew.
  Everything here is epic.
  But you know what?
  Okay.
  If you want to make a start from scratch, then a man you will be.
  Then a man you will be.
  This was built from scratch.
  It can be built again if that's the route we have to take.
  But this is not the end of free speech.
  This is not the end of Americans standing up.
  This is not the crushing of the American spirit they want it to be.
   This might be a symbol, but just like with the symbol of 34 counts guilty for Trump, and then the people realizing how corrupt things are, If they do come here, the symbol of InfoWars doors being padlocked and this studio being dark will be the wake-up call that I think many Americans have.
  Well, and then they're too dumb to, like, think we won't fight back.
  I'm not gonna shut up.
  I mean, I'm not going to shut up.
  But it is like dying, because I can barely, the last two days, keep this open.
  You saw what happened behind the scenes.
  I'm literally here like, I gotta go sleep here because I just I can't, even though I know we'll come back bigger, I can't play along the lie that, oh, we'll just be bigger when it comes back.
  This place means so much to me.
  And I just hope viewers take everything we said today and clip it and put it out.
  I hope people make a big deal about it because this is epic.
  This is the assault on your speech.
  What you believe.
  In fact, we already said this, but you guys decide we have this right now we take a few more people.
  Would you shut it down?
  Because it's probably the last thing here.
  Because we're here right now.
  Do we keep going or do we shut down?
  Your rodeo, Jones.
  I know it's my rodeo.
  I'm just saying, I could go for 50 fucking hours.
  I don't want to give up.
  I don't want to stop.
  And so I know that it's, we're all, it's like we're shooting, like you said, the Elmo, we're the fucking parapets, the Elmo.
  I just, I don't know what to say.
  It's like, it's so insane.
  And when the public gets it, when we're off the air, a little bit off the air, if I didn't physically come and say no.
  Oh, you're threatening us.
  I'm like, I'm threatening you.
  You don't even have a fucking judge's order.
  Stop.
  Don't shut the company down.
  And you know, I had to physically, literally come and tell people this is a lie.
  And so we're so close to this right now.
  I mean, I don't know what to say.
  Yeah.
  Who's the next person on space?
  Because I'm not.
  Let's do 20 more minutes.
  It's so hard to leave, folks.
  It's so hard to give up.
  It's so hard to turn loose.
  And I'm ready to do it, but I just... Maybe I should just end it.
  I don't know how to like... Because this is... We'll probably never come back here, folks.
  Never be back in this building.
  Never be back here.
  This is like they're watching.
  The scum is watching right now.
  And scum, it's all going to be released on you.
  You will fucking pay for what you've done.
  But that thing is, I don't care about the scum.
  They're like pieces of shit.
  Like, I don't even want to stomp them to death.
  But they politically demand I do this, so I'm just here at the fucking end of 30 years of this operation, this whole crew, everything we're doing, and I see these idiots doing what they're telling us is about to happen.
  I just have trouble turning loose.
  I'm going to be honest about it.
  Chase, you want to end it right now?
  I'm not going to be the one that ends this broadcast.
  Let's go to fucking Muckraker.
  Muckraker in spaces.
  Go ahead and unmute yourself and say what you gotta say.
  What's going on, guys?
  How you guys doing?
  Anthony Rubin here.
  Alex, good to be with you.
  I mean, this is revolutionary.
  You know, as I was listening to all this, I'm reminded of this story I'm sure everybody here is well aware.
  During the Hungarian Revolution, when the Soviet tanks were rolling in, and there was that last radio broadcast, and they were saying like, civilized people of the world, please, like, if you're out there, help save us.
   And, you know, they ended up getting shut down though, and then that was it, but thankfully America is not yet there.
  We're very close, and I think that this moment is as historic as that.
   But what I want to say is this, to everybody that's sitting at home and on the sidelines and thinking that this won't affect you, my question to you is, I mean, what do you think
  is the end goal here?
  Do you really think that they're trying to jail Trump and shut down InfoWars and persecute the JaySixers?
  You think that's just the beginning?
  Or I'm sorry, you think it's the end?
  That's the end goal there?
  Okay, that's gonna be it.
  No, that's only the beginning, folks.
  We're listening.
  Come back.
  Your thing cut out.
  The end goal, you know, as the... Am I still with you guys?
  You're with us.
  Keep going, brother.
  So, I mean, do people really think that jailing Trump and shutting down InfoWars and persecuting the J6ers and everything else, that's the end state?
  That's only the beginning.
  The end state is a full-blown communist takeover, like General Flynn was saying before, just like every other communist nation that's come before us.
  I mean, it's going to be gulags.
  It's going to be America First patriots being rounded up and shipped to prison camps.
  And the left has said that.
  They said the next war is against Trump supporters.
  They continue to say, Biden has said repeatedly, I mean I say this and it's like hard for me to believe that these words are coming out of my mouth that a president would say this, but they continue to say, you know, these MAGA extremists, these quote-unquote white supremacists are more dangerous than Al-Qaeda and ISIS.
  So now, and we're domestic terrorist extremists, so if they really believe that and they're continuing to say in pre-programming, what's the end goal there?
   The end goal is to get rid of Trump, to get people like Alex Jones and the InfoWars team I totally agree, brother.
  I totally agree.
  You guys comment, let's move to the next people.
  Because I'm being a little gratuitous here.
  At the end of this, like they literally tried to shut us down last night.
  I had to literally run around like a fucking peacock and do a bunch of shit to stop it.
  It's going on right now.
  And I'm going to be completely honest with people, like, it's going down.
  Well if anybody thinks going along with this is going to be the easy way then they just got another thing coming.
  It's not just going to be Trump or InfoWars.
  They filed in federal court and said you didn't work here and you were a liar and put you in jail for two months.
  Yeah they said that.
  They didn't indict me because they knew they couldn't bite that off.
  They indicted you and said you didn't work here and you were a liar.
  They made up all kinds of things and then they said this isn't about his speech but he's what he said.
  Yeah so I mean that's it.
  That's what you get.
  Hey, I'm proud of it.
  You know, they usually use a warning to me.
  I'm proud.
  You understand that, right?
  They usually use a little warning.
  I'm proud that my work angered them so much that they wanted to put me in jail.
  So, I'm proud that I work at InfoWars that they're so threatened by they have to shut it down.
  You know, I'm proud of the guy that we rallied behind and helped him get elected is now their public enemy number one.
  I'm proud that my thoughts are so dangerous they have to shut me up.
  I'm proud of that and you should be too, Alex.
   I just have trouble turning loose because I slept here last night and I'm just sitting here watching this it's like it's like I feel like I'm murdering something if I don't sit here and protect it but that's the back of all the giving bigger they do this so good No, I think the craziest part is that they're going after us like this for telling the truth.
  That's all we've tried.
  All we've ever done is tell the truth and tried to promote freedom and humanity.
  And obviously the reason they hate humanity is they can't control humanity.
  They hate the very aspects of humanity that makes humanity different and special.
  It's our free will, our ingenuity.
  We're beyond AI.
  AI copies us.
  Poorly.
  AI poorly copies us.
  The first day I worked here, I'll never forget this, it was the first time I'd ever met you, first time I'd ever met Owen, and Owen was saying, I was just overhearing it, he was covering something, he was saying, I think I'm gonna say this, I think I'm gonna say this, and you turned to him and you just said, say whatever you want, just tell the truth, and you walked away.
  So that's been like my guiding light the entire time here on InfoWars.
  So I just hire people I like, they can do whatever they want.
  Even if they don't know sometimes, they have some guy on the attack on my wife and lying about her, I don't even blame him, I'll say it's fine, just do an attack.
  Yeah, but it's just, say whatever you want, just tell the truth.
  As long as you have that as a touchstone, as long as everything we've done has been honest and forthright and upfront, then they can destroy us and we can walk away with our head held high, I think.
  Well, that's what I do.
  People ask, like, I say one thing and another host says something else, and they go, oh, what was that?
  No, I tell hosts, like, say what you think's real.
  It's not, I like a person, I think they're good.
  I say, do what you think's real.
  Because that's what we're about.
  It's the realest of the real.
  Yeah, it's not like a... We're not a cult.
  If I like somebody, I say, say what you want to say.
  It's a lack of sophistication, right?
  I'm not educated highly at some, you know, elite school.
  All we can do is be real.
  All we can do is be absolutely genuine and hope that comes across and that people appreciate it.
  Because we just don't like being Machiavellian and tricking people and lying and that's what they hate because they would know how to deal with us if we were calling for violence or racism or whatever.
  And to me, it's an aversion, so I don't really cover it.
  I'm covering, like, AI and New World War Takeover.
  We're like, well, wait a minute.
  Owen and Harrison are criticizing Israel.
  Does Jones not know this?
  What the fuck?
  It's like, no, I've got good people here.
  We're doing this.
  This is a lot bigger than that.
  This is a big deal.
  And it's always centered on pro-humanity, loving everybody, not judging anybody by immutable aspects of themselves, their religion, their skin color, their hair.
   And because that is what we genuinely believe, They have nothing on us.
  Well that's it, we're team humanity.
  And so, I'm like, I respect my crew, so they can say whatever they want, because I like them.
  And I'm not going to control what they say, so don't claim like, oh Jones doesn't know they're saying this.
  No, I know that.
  They say what they want, I say what I want.
  World peace, freedom, prosperity.
  It's possible.
  It's possible on this planet.
  That's our dream.
  That's our total dream is world peace, freedom, and prosperity.
  It is possible.
  All right, so they've almost shut us down last night and today.
  When I tell viewers this will be our last show, I feel really bad turning this off.
  Okay, we'll take this and re-loop it, and they're gonna... Whatever they're gonna do, they're gonna do.
  It's part of their fucking thing.
  But we should take a few more spaces, commenters, because I just can't turn loose right now.
  I can't die yet.
  So go ahead, more people.
  Alright, alright, let's go to Sovereign Bra.
  Sovereign Bra, go ahead and unmute yourself and say what you gotta say.
  I've been up here for two hours waiting, but God... No, we've been waiting two hours.
  You're on the air.
  Go ahead.
  Thank you, Alex.
  God bless you.
  The Lord says you were built for a moment like this.
  I just want to tell everyone we are in a war.
  We want to be on offense, right?
  And one of the things that we can do every day is vote with our dollar.
  Everyone wants to wait till November to vote and show them who we are.
  We can show who we are now.
  We should boycott New York with everything we have.
  And we should boycott anything that threatens this or supports this because they need to be shown that we don't do businesses for these people so that we need to build a parallel economy and we need to work together to cripple these people.
  I totally agree.
  Money is power.
  Exactly.
  And so we need to get truckers to stop giving duty.
  We need to, uh, what is it?
  HBO is headed to New York.
  If we all cancel our HBO subscription today, we let them know we're done with New York.
  One out of 12 people couldn't stand up for justice.
  One out of 12 people couldn't sit there and say, this is wrong.
  Sorry, you're Sodom and Gomorrah.
  You deserve to be destroyed.
  And Alex, you have a blessing on your life.
  You will not be destroyed.
   You will come back 10 times stronger and we just I didn't cut you off.
  You just cut off.
  Go ahead.
  He just went away?
  You gonna put him back on?
  Hey, sorry, we're having some glitches with the space.
  We just lost you.
  We're having some glitches with the spaces.
  I didn't cut you off.
  Yeah, it was not on purpose.
  It just happened in the space.
  So, let's see if we can get another speaker up.
  In the meantime, I think ZMedia is trying to connect.
  We'll see if ZMedia can connect.
  I just added her as a speaker.
  I'm trying to give all the InfoWars veterans an opportunity to speak.
  Go ahead, ZMedia.
  Unmute yourself if you can speak, and share what you have to say.
  Yes, sorry, my connection just cut out there.
  Alex and the team, I just want to tell you that the impact that you've made, first of all, this is absolutely devastating, but it's far from over.
   The impact that you have made around the world is far beyond just that studio and I don't mean to minimise that studio, but it's far beyond that location.
  It is the words that you've spoken.
  Alex, you tell a story about how when God showed you what you were going to go through, it was going to be seeds that ended up leading to a huge harvest, and that's absolutely been achieved over the years.
  I personally have been impacted by you.
  You were a huge, huge part of my awakening as a teenager.
  I watched your stuff as a teenager.
  And it's the reason that I never bowed to the establishment, even when I worked in corporate, even when I was out there in the world doing what regular people do.
  I always knew and I was trying to wake people up to the new world order.
  I shared Bohemian Grove with my friends in high school, for goodness sake.
  The impact that you've made, Alex, is beyond what you see.
  Think about last year when you had the TSA whistleblowers come to you and tell you that they were going to try this on again.
  You announced it, the whole world said no, and they didn't get away with it.
  You thwarted their plans.
  How many times over the years have you done that?
  So even though, yes, this is absolutely devastating what's happening to your studio, InfoWars is far beyond just that place.
  It's all of us.
  Every single one of us is in this battle together.
  Every single one of us, you've inspired us to keep going.
   And let me just say, Alex, I've never I've said this publicly, but just like you and every single person that's in this fight, we get worn down, we get battered, we get beaten, and some days we are exhausted.
  I can't tell you how many times I wake up in the morning, I put on your replay, because I'm usually asleep when you're broadcasting live, I put on your replay and I'm fired up again.
  You've inspired every single one of us.
  More than you can imagine.
  And so we're not going to give up.
  We're not going to stop fighting.
  And everyone that's listening right now, Alex asked you to do something.
  I'm going to personally do the same.
  What we need to do as a global community is share the work of InfoWars over the years.
  Share the amazing documentaries.
  Keep it going.
  The biggest thing that we can do as a screw you to them right now is make InfoWars bigger than it ever has.
  Make Alex, Harrison, Owen, the whole team, make them bigger than they've ever been.
  Make them famous.
  Constantly, constantly be sharing this stuff.
  Constantly be amplifying their voices wherever they pop up next.
  And that is going to piss off the globalists more than you can imagine.
  And that's what we need to do.
  We're not going to give up.
  Our spirit is not crushed by this.
  I know your spirit is not crushed by this.
  Alex, you're probably more motivated than ever.
  And you said they want a war, they've got one.
  We are winning the war with the truth.
  We need to keep doing that.
  And I just want to thank you all from the bottom of my heart for the impact that you've made in my life.
   And I know that everyone here listening the same way. So thank you so much and I know that you'll keep fighting. I know you will.
  Maria, I appreciate you. It's just so sad because maybe we're here next week, probably not.
   It's just so crazy to be here and see the end of what we've done here, but you're right, we're gonna win in the end and we're in an epic moment right now.
  I appreciate Owen, I appreciate Harrison, I appreciate Tish Geiser, I appreciate you.
  But yeah, this is it.
  So I think we're going to end with you.
  I really appreciate you Maria Z. And we'll do as best as we can.
  But this is quite a moment in history right now.
  And this is the enemy coming in.
  And we're just going to try the best job we can.
  Well, there's one thing I know about you, Alex, and it was a few years back you were going through something and you were into the Frank Sinatra song, I Did It My Way.
  You played it on the air, you did it your way.
  Maybe we could even go with the more recent Fred Durst, It's My Way or The Highway.
  It's been your way.
  You've done it your way.
  You did it your way.
  And so that's what this is.
  You did it your way.
  This is you going out in your way.
  And, you know, we were just playing that compilation there that the crew had up on the screen of some of your epic moments.
  And so I would say, you know, maybe in these final hours, these final moments of InfoWars, let's have people put up their favorite compilations, their favorite Alex compilations, their favorite InfoWars videos.
  Just flood the internet with everything that has been done here over the years.
  Every victory we've had, all the fun we've had, all the seriousness.
  It's all gone, Alex.
  It's all God.
  So...
  But it's all up to us now to continue on the fight.
  And I just hope people will take this.
  We should end with Frank Sinatra.
  I did it my way, but I did it God's way.
  I've literally fought these people from day one knowing I was right.
  And it wasn't me, it was all you.
  But this is probably our last broadcast.
  And you have these demons after us.
  They're so pathetic, but it's okay.
  So just play the whole Frank Sinatra my way.
  We hope we're back tomorrow.
  We don't know when we'll be back, but we're under total attack.
  It's okay.
  I love you so much and I appreciate all the crew and all of you.
   you so let's just finish up right now a life that's full I traveled each and every highway and more much more than this I did it my
   way regrets I've had a few but then again Too few to mention I did what I had to do Saw it through without exemption I planned each charted course Each careful step along the byway
   More, much more than this, I did it my way Yes, there were times, I'm sure you knew
   When I bit off more than I could chew But through it all, when there was doubt
   I ate it up, and spit it out I faced it all, and I stood tall
   And did it my way I've loved, I've laughed and cried.
  I've had my fill, my share of losing.
  And now, as tears subside, I find it all so amusing to think I did all that.
   And may I say, not in a shy way Oh no, oh no, not me I did it my way
  For what is a man?
  What has he got?
   If not himself, then he has not to say the things he truly feels And not the words of one who kneels
   The record shows I took the blows And did it my way
   Yes, it was my way 
  
  
  
  
  
  It's time for humanity to stand up in the InfoWars and say, I don't know what's going to happen at the end of this, but you want to fight?
  You better believe you got one!
  From the front lines of the Information War, it's Alex Jones.
  
  
  
  Many years ago, I coined the term 360Win.
  That's another way of saying it's a non-zero-sum game.
  When you have a sum game, it's a pizza, there's only so many pieces, it doesn't get bigger.
  But if something is symbiotic, if something empowers everybody involved with it, it is a 360Win.
  When you visit DrJonesNaturals.com, you're not just supporting our broadcast by getting the products, you're getting game-changing products that really, really work and are amazing.
  All of the NanoSilver products.
  Incredible products like Next Level Foundational Energy, products like Top Brain, an incredible Nootropic, Rocket Rest, an incredible Natural Sleep Aid, and dozens of other products not available at InfoWarsStore.com or exclusively available at DrJonesNaturals.com, and they keep the show in the air, and they're amazing, a 360 win.
  So please, follow the links below to DrJonesNaturals.com, and I thank you for your support.
  And for breaking news and updates, be sure and follow me at realalexjones.com here on X.
   When you visit drjonesnaturals.com, you'll find amazing Brain Boost nootropics like Top Brain. It's incredible, but it still uses classical systems to stimulate
  the neurons in the brain and to give you energy. Next level foundational energy does not do that.
   It is the breakdown of folic acid into methylfolate mixed with other natural compounds that are known to push it into the cells.
  It then cleans up the mitochondria and allows more energy to be brought into the cell.
  You will feel dramatic energy when you take next level foundational energy with no letdown.
  But if you are a European or Northern European, most of us have partially broken genes and cannot absorb folic acid or process it properly.
  If you have broken genes, you are going to feel explosive energy.
  So, be very, very, very careful when you first get Next Level Foundational Energy.
  It funds the operation.
  It's an amazing product.
  Everybody should experience it.
  Let's go ahead and go to Bikini Truther in Nevada.
  Thanks for calling.
   will be available at drjonesnaturals.com. That's drjonesnaturals.com. There's a lot of other amazing products as well at drjonesnaturals.com and they keep my show on the air. So I want
   to thank you all for your past support and encourage all of you to visit drjonesnaturals.com right now. And for breaking news and updates be sure and follow me at Real Alex Jones here
  on X.
  Let's go ahead and go to Bikini Truther in Nevada. Thanks for calling. Go ahead.
  Hey Alex, I do want to say one thing about Dr. Jones Naturals if I could.
  I know it's off topic, but it's super important to me.
  Sure.
  During COVID, I went there and I got the facial serum.
  It's called Super Sober Facial Serum.
  And I'm telling you that it's changed my life.
  My son started taking it, his acne went away, and it's really good for underneath the face cream.
  Absolutely.
   that I put on every day, and so I just want, I know that you need support, and that's one item that,
   so that we can stay out of World War III, to keep you on air, is for people to go there and get stuff.
   Absolutely, this is a patented nano-silver, way beyond colloidal silver.
  It's in the creams, in the face spray, in the toothpaste, in the wound gel, and in the immune gargle.
  And it's just, it's amazing.
  And you're absolutely right.
  People that have acne have had incredible results with this.
  So I'm very thankful that you liked it.
  And I hope you'll continue to support drjonesandankles.com because my dad's our big sponsor.
  The deep state's coming after him.
  And so it's a strategic place to support.
  Plus they're great products.
  drjonesandankles.com.
  Anything else you want to add?
  No, just I appreciate you and God bless.
  Thank you for your support.
  Now please take action by going to drjonesnackles.com today and checking out the amazing products.