--- HIGH RESONANCE ARC INTERSECTIONS ---
Chunks hitting multiple narrative pressure zones.

[Score: 4.68] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20200726 Sun Alex.repaired
doesn't that make it deadly? No, it's man-made, so it's a chimera, so it's artificial, so these labs can own it and control it and own the testing for it, and it's all fraud. And we've detailed this. Here's an example right here. Sinclair, bigger than Fox News, thousands of stations across the country, says it will postpone and rework segment featuring conspiracy theory about Fauci with the Eric Bolling Show. I personally sent Bowling articles about this the last few months. He knew all about it already! And what did he cover? NIH.gov! NIH lifts funding pause on gain-of-function research with coronaviruses. Dr. Fauci backed controversial Wuhan lab with U.S. dollars for risky coronavirus research at Wuhan lab. Newsweek! Look right there! That's Newsweek! New Scientist! Lab-Main Coronavirus Triggers Debate! Obama and Fauci Transfer Weaponized Coronavirus Chimera from Batch to China 2015! This is the reality to Joe's guests at the New York Times. The cases are skyrocketing, the deaths are going way down. I

[Score: 4.68] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20221127 Sun-2 Alex.repaired
in these things, how they bring you food once a day. But that's the lucky ones that get locked up in the camps. The rest of the people get whole neighborhoods just get locked down. We've got the footage of which neighborhoods get locked down. It's where the robots and the troops come in and order everybody to stay in their houses. When they don't, they come at night and weld them into their houses, and then snipers shoot you if you try to climb out a window. This isn't some science fiction movie. This isn't some zombie apocalypse. This is reality, and this is what CNN and The Washington Post are defending. And on Twitter, the left calls for firing anybody that doesn't agree and go along with this. But suddenly, even the Associated Press and others are saying, wait, this is dangerous. This is wrong. Have they found their souls? Or are they just now criticizing the Communist Chinese under their same globalist controllers

[Score: 4.68] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20221127 Sun-2 Alex.repaired
attractive model for quite a number of countries. For decades, they've said they want to use a viral scare, and the Rockefeller documents, Operation Lockstep, the list goes on and on, to bring in a world medical ID that will really be the world ID that will have carbon controls, not just viral controls, on where you can go, what you can do. They'll have digital money, by region, that'll be programmable. They'll decide where you can spend it, when you can spend it, how you can spend it. They can devalue it or upvalue it whenever they want. A Swedish company specialized in microchip implants promotes the use of their device to carry the COVID pass, saying that the chip makes the data more accessible even if a person doesn't have their phone with them. The chip implant is placed in the arm and programmed so that when the chip is read by a smartphone, it opens up a PDF file which contains a person's

[Score: 4.62] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20220919 Mon Alex.repaired
are everywhere. And it's cows that are sustainable, renewable, delicious, and nutritious. And so, it's basically, if you want to starve people, The first thing you do is target beef, and then you undermine all the rest of the agricultural system. So Alex, that segues to a question that some people have, which is, I want to just be as precise and factual with this as possible. Is there an agenda by the World Economic Forum, Klaus Schwab or Bill Gates, to depopulate the Earth? What evidence do you have to show that and talk about the research you've done on that? I have so much evidence it gives me a headache. Anybody can see my seminal film that before Google took it off had over 80 million views. I put it out in 2017 and it's called Endgame Blueprint for Global Enslavement. And people are always re-uploading it. It's free to air. There's no trademark copyright on it. It belongs to you folks. That means

[Score: 4.62] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20221225 Sun Alex.repaired
the major bank. Yeah, this is off-record, Alex, I'll tell you. And he just said, they're going to adapt to being slaves. You don't get it. You think they're going to adapt and overcome like you do? No. You should join us because you overcome. They don't overcome. They're going to submit to whatever we do. Well, no, we're not! No, we're not! And I'm not signing on to mass murder. As if anybody's going to be safe in this future system with you people. So we'll end the clip with a member of parliament and then start the second hour with our special guest that you, believe me, do not want to miss what's coming up in the next hour. Go ahead and play this clip. Madam Deputy Speaker, it's also been brought to my attention by a whistleblower, from a very reliable source, that one of these institutions is covering up clear data that reveals the mRNA vaccine increases inflammation of the heart arteries.

[Score: 4.62] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20230204 Sat Alex.repaired
savior by the very people who are their slaves. Tonight, I will speak directly to these people and make the situation perfectly clear to them. The security of this nation depends on complete and total compliance. So, of course, in the film, those that release the bioweapon on their own population that they're preying on also have the cure. Some believed it was the work of God himself, that it was a pharmaceutical company controlled by certain party members that made them all obscenely rich. But the end result, the true genius of the plan, was the fear. Fear became the ultimate tool of this government, and through it, our politician was ultimately appointed to the newly created position of In V for Vendetta, we truly see art imitating life. This is clearly an offensive biological warfare agent. This is only the beginning to train you to be locked down so in the future when the really deadly bioweapons are released and billions begin dying, you

[Score: 4.62] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20241010 Thu 67086157af57d990a6a1a4ef.repaired
people up there. All they're waiting for is everything to go down, and let me tell you something, you're going to be pushing daisies. You think you're safe in Tasmania? You think you're safe in Switzerland? I mean, you want to end civilization and kill most people's families? And you already killed 30 million people with your poison shots, and you don't think people aren't going to come after you? I mean, let's say they didn't control these hurricanes. They could have killed them, that they admit that. But obviously it was evidence of weather manipulation. We've already gone over that. But notice the public, the majority, are blaming you. So, if somebody slips on a banana peel, Bill Gates is going to get blamed. Because people effectively know he and Klaus Schwab and the rest of them are bad guys. I got a bunch of examples of this coming up. But go ahead and play... Biden on how great DeSantis is, contradicting Kamala. And then

[Score: 4.62] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20241010 Thu 67086157af57d990a6a1a4ef.repaired
thealexjohnstore.com. It'll blow you away and it keeps us on air one way or another. Go down to thealexjohnstore.com. There's some new t-shirts there as well. Be sure to check those out at thealexjohnstore.com. Alright, I'm going to give you some final points on the total political realignment and the inside fighting going on and how I think that's going to unfold if they continue on that trajectory. They may go back to the full apocalyptic scenario to keep control, but it looks like there's a lot of evidence they're disengaging. I also got a bunch of the political clips I just mentioned that people really sing through Kamala and nobody they know is voting for, and it's a total collapse. I mean, this is crazy. But I wanted to get an update on Hurricane Milton from the man that has the biggest church in the Tampa, Sarasota area, the river. And a good friend of mine, Pastor Rodney Howard Brown, he's on the phone because

[Score: 4.62] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20241010 Thu 67086157af57d990a6a1a4ef.repaired
flesh and blood, but against principalities, spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places, demonic beings and legions that are the real puppet masters manipulating human beings, right? They'll use technology as well. So is it really that conspiratorial to think? Is it really that conspiratorial to believe, even with the evidence there? I mean, Alex Jones has the famous interview. With Mr. Livingston years ago, admitting that during Vietnam he was clearly a part of a joint program with the U.S. military, cloud seeding program, weather manipulation program in Vietnam to manipulate the weather to cause rains and mass floodings. That's just one example. That is just one example. And the federal government and the feds and the U.S. military is on record admitting that they had this kind of technology. So again, I point to the current trends. Look at everything that has been called a conspiracy theory. Hunter Biden laptop conspiracy ends up being real. The origins of the bioweapon. Everyone said it

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20200417 Fri Alex.repaired
thinks it's real. Oh, God, he's so bad. Of course, it's all true! Dad's right! But see, it's like the fun of, we don't listen to Dad. We take the shots and have convulsions and die! But it's so trendy! What happens is, we're paid by the communist Chinese that killed 115 million people. And we're making a major move with Bill Gates to sterilize your ass. So, your dad, if you challenge him, doubles down. Don't do that yourself. Let us get in contact with you. To actually take control of your life, but we're claiming it's contact to get- Let us get between you and your daddy! I'm a weird frumpy lady on Chai Comparo! Listen to me! If dad talks and says it came out of the bioweapon lab, which is confirmed! I mean, folks, if you wanted to- This isn't like a science fiction movie. This is happening! And notice, nothing against women. It's women they've got collaborating. No, the globalists are

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20200515 Fri Alex.repaired
They need a total medical tyranny in place, and a total censorship grid, so that once their world government is in place, they can, with electromagnetic waves, with radiation, with chemicals and biologicals, Accelerate the extermination of humanity. And once they get a stampede going, once they get a mass collapse going, once they know with probability and have the smart grid in place to track your execution... They will then release bioweapons and other systems knowing that you will just simply shelter in place waiting for the driverless trash truck to arrive with the robots that will offload, go in and put your bodies in bags, take you out, throw you in the back and take you for processing. So this whole system is a human extermination grid. This is really their plan. And so, of course, when they said we'll be locked down for two weeks, it was permanent. Of course, when they push all this, it's total lies. Of course, they are counting

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20200515 Fri Alex.repaired
on this Friday Global Edition. I am your host Alex Jones. Strap yourselves in because this is going to be one hell of a transmission. Okay, let's go ahead and lay out what we're facing and what we're dealing with. Here's the live show feed article today that I hope you'll share. And this isn't hyperbole. In fact, words cannot describe how bad this is. This is reality. This is 100% real. It's official, COVID-19 is a United Nations world government fascist takeover of humanity. Once world government is in place, the orderly extermination of humanity will be carried out by the AI genocide grid. They need a total medical tyranny in place, and a total censorship grid, so that once their world government is in place, they can, with electromagnetic waves, with radiation, with chemicals and biologicals, Accelerate the extermination of humanity. And once they get a stampede going, once they get a mass collapse going, once they know with probability and have the smart

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20200515 Fri Alex.repaired
I'm covering this is it's in the news today. So let's cover it right now. This is from a global nation. Director of Planetary Initiative United Nations. No one will enter the New World Order unless he or she will make a pledge to worship Lucifer. No one will enter the New Age unless he will take a Luciferian initiation. This is a book put out by the UN. Here's some more quotes. Arthur Schlesinger. We are not going to achieve a new world order without paying for it in blood as well as words and money. And they go on here to talk about pledging yourself to the new world order. They talk about using an alien threat, a biological weapons threat, or an economic collapse threat to make us all pledge allegiance to our world government. Now by the way, when I first was reading this stuff when I was a teenager, I remember asking my dad, I said, is this all true? And

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20201116 Mon Alex.repaired
disadvantaged who are starving to death. I mean, this is all up... It looks like a science fiction cult movie. Like it's not real. It's like he's up there, like a cult member, reading this manifesto of death, saying it's going to help you. Like, we're going to shoot you in the head. It's a good thing. Here it is. Building back better means getting support to the most vulnerable while maintaining our momentum on reaching the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the SDGs. Canada is here to listen and to help. This pandemic has provided an opportunity for a reset. This is our chance to accelerate our pre-pandemic efforts to reimagine economic systems that actually address global challenges like extreme poverty, inequality and climate change. See, this is the new big lie, Alex. Everybody knows how corrupt the system has gotten, how decayed it is. Everybody knows it. And the people that are responsible for it, that have done all the looting and robbing

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20201215 Tue Alex.repaired
afford to buy them because everyone's losing their jobs so they can't afford to buy a big dinner every time they want a pint of beer but again in the pub there was a woman there saying I work for the NHS we're completely empty there's no crisis it's complete BS you hear similar talk in the street I heard it in the park Everybody is violating these rules. Everybody doesn't believe in them. Not everybody, but a great... anecdotally, evidence suggests at least a significant portion of people just aren't buying it whatsoever from everything I hear. But then you have these polls, which I mentioned before the break, still showing that the majority of people Support these measures and even harsher measures and that gives the government the justification to then vote them through again and complete and continually reapply and ratify them over and over again. And it's interesting because once they create that consensus they can use it to set policy. So

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210121 Thu Alex.repaired
smart, sometimes I forget. In fact, I want some right now. I'm going to go make some during the break. So again, ladies and gentlemen, vitamin, mineral fusion, back in stock. After being sold out for months and months, and despite the fact that we're not going to get more by the time it sells out, I'm still selling it at 50% off because I want those of you that have been on the fence to experience how great it is and get it for yourself. It's essential to your immune system, essential to all biological action in the body. Vitamineral Fusion, 50% off, 96% reviews, 4.8 stars on third party sites. Infowarshstore.com. Or triple a 2533139 and the big sale. The big global storm sale. Those other great items like X two and so many others at 50% off that has to end on Sunday. So take advantage of the big mega sale. But the new sale is vitamin refusion until it sells out at

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210121 Thu Alex.repaired
based around scientism, right? Science, he says, will be the new religion. And the elite will run this religion from the background, right? And then it's really just a cloak for Darwinism, he says. And he says, we'll take this so far, literally he ends the chapter, he says, that they will offer up their children to us For the benefit of the human race. Now, literally saying that you will give your children up to the New World Order, right, to the global government, whether that means sacrifice, depopulation, or give them over to the state so that they can be brainwashed to become, you know, Carellon's little... Carellon's tots, right? The little tots that serve Satan or whatever. I mean, that's literally what they're talking about here, right? Again, I'm going to give you another example of this crazy stuff. There was a little-known book. Now, I covered this with Richard Grove the other day. We had an excellent two-hour talk that went viral.

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210517 Mon Alex.repaired
75% of Americans do not meet the recommended amount of magnesium intake every single day. Magnesium helps regulate the sodium-potassium pumps that create the signals in the nerve cells. Scientists agree magnesium is the most important cofactor in the body, regulating and controlling hundreds of pathways. Thank you. I take it in the morning. I take it in the evening. It is so essential in my life, and I hope all of you will check it out and try it. It's available at InfoWarsTore.com right now. You can get one canister for $19.95, and the second canister is $14.95. This is the best formula from our research you're going to find out there. So if you've already enjoyed other magnesium formulas, give this one a try. I think you're going to love it at the same time it funds the Infowar, which is a true 360 win. Now exclusively available at InfowarStore.com for only $19.95. I'm about to cut a very important ad for X2. Impromptu,

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210716 Fri Alex.repaired
I'm going to be hosting. And I'm going to go ahead and just call it right now. And I love this crew. They're the best. Whoever wants to come in and help me this weekend, come in. I'd like to just do it live. If we could, I'd say. 1 p.m. to 4 p.m., three hours live commercial, free to take phone calls and talk about everything that's happening. Now, I always go off my deep research and then gauging thousands of data points, and my subconscious actually comes up with an analysis that's extremely deep and calculated with all my ancestors, all my archetypal memories, all my real-world experiences. My subconscious mind is probably a thousand times more powerful than my conscious mind that I know what they're going to do. So that's how it seems like I can predict the future, not just go off the documents they put out and their operations, but I a lot of times know what they're going to

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210719 Mon Alex.repaired
plunged. As of going live, 700 points. Let's look at the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Maybe put that on screen for folks. But we're going to be looking at all that. But Yellen said, it looks like more lockdowns are going to be needed, which again, destroys the real economy, puts everybody deeper into debt. The government gives you inflated currency, which furthers inflation, and then pretends like it's a lifeboat while they're busy trying to push you under the water. Well, it was down 700, now it's down 445. So we'll watch all of that as it unfolds today. But let me just do this, because this is something exciting, and it's something that really is a win-win-win-win-win-win, and it's the next level 360 win. Everything I've ever done here is from my philosophy that I didn't give a name 27 years ago, but that I did in the last decade, and that's a 360 win, or what would be called in science a non-zero-sum

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20220203 Thu Alex.repaired
dying person as unvaccinated, regardless of whether they were or not. Same goes for Canada, where they claimed 60% of the COVID deaths were unvaccinated. But that was a lie too, because in reality, they just classified anyone who got sick or died within two weeks of getting the vaccine as unvaccinated. And surprise, surprise, our own beloved CDC, the Centers for Democrat Control, pulled the same trick on us. The CDC claimed that anyone who died within 14 days of getting injected wasn't vaccinated. Even though the majority of the deaths and injuries from the vaccine happened within that first 14-day period. Good way to cover up all the people they're murdering. Just say they're not vaccinated. Sneaky, sneaky. Daniel Nagase, a Canadian doctor for over 15 years who was fired after saving the lives of three patients with ivermectin, says this is just the tip of the iceberg. Nagase said, looking at Pfizer's own clinical trial data, the number of deaths and injuries from

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20220419 Tue Alex.repaired
thing in medicine now. No, but that's not... Let me just interrupt. You're so right. This is a sifting process to find biological androids, to find drones that will do whatever they're told to serve the system. They'll be thrown away once they've been used. It doesn't matter. This is a testing process to see who will submit. And the last two years of tyranny was just the beta test. They're getting ready to go operational. Please continue. Well yeah, and that's what my, it was mindless. My friend who had been an army officer said that you're going to end up with the mindlessly obedient, which I thought, I told him, I said can I save that term because that applies to the physicians too. You know, the physicians that are speaking out, Are basically saying, you know, don't kill people with Remdesivir. Don't run out and take a vaccine that's experimental, that we don't know anything about. We've got some other treatments. Consider hyperbaric

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20220419 Tue Alex.repaired
clock to stop people from getting our information. Stay with us. The social engineers think you're stupid. They're hoping you don't research the facts of how the world works and start making decisions accordingly and warning others. Remember, the power structure is working overdrive right now to shut InfoWars down. But we can win these legal battles. We can, bare minimum, stay on the air for years if we have your financial support. Sending out the request for aid. I am asking you to keep us on air. I'm asking you to get great products at InfoWarsTore.com at the same time keeping us on air. And we have a big flash sale just going for 24 hours. Our ultimate bone broth formula with the turmeric and the chaga mushroom and the highest quality bone broth. So good for your joints, your whole body. One day flash sale, Ultimate Bone Broth, 50% off, InfoWarsTore.com, Brain Force Ultra, the clean, amazing nootrobic that hits so quick. It is

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20220707 Thu Alex.repaired
home, while Davos elites fresh from landing at lavish resorts in luxury private jets, insist nations shouldn't exercise their sovereignty to upset the global green agenda, while Prince Charles tells you to stop taking hot baths and forget about your annual family holiday. He prances around on CO2 belching helicopters to quote, avoid the traffic. While Bill Gates tells people entering fuel poverty that they should start paying carbon taxes. And amplifies the Davos mantra that private property for the average person will become a bygone relic. As he voraciously snaps up record amounts of farmland across the United States. So they want to drastically reduce our living standards, leaving us starving and impoverished. We need to accept that there will be some pain in the process. A lot of anger. Is that the endgame of the green agenda? The liberal world order? Surely not! But wait! The fact checkers have arrived! Reuters says there's no evidence the Dutch government is working with the World Economic

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20230227 Mon Alex.repaired
not where we're seeing the mainstream of liberty coming from. Yeah, you got elites in Africa that have as high IQs as anybody. You got elites in Latin America, smart as anybody or smarter. But they're still feudal states. They're still very, very corrupt systems. The globalists can work with that. But if you can dynamite the republic, if you can dynamite America, dynamite the idea of aspiring to a greater civilization and a great awakening and a renaissance and a great enlightenment, 2.0, you've won, and you can create your new globalist system. So if the globalists were honest and paid people to get sterilized or whatever, that would be one thing. But see, they want to make you poor, so then you'll have to accept the money to be sterilized. And they're targeting the smartest populations. My good friend Mike Judge does an illustration of this with real science at the start of his incredibly funny hit movie, Idiocracy. In fact, it's got cuss

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20230403 Mon Alex.repaired
Where is the start a project and finish it? I just don't get it! It's like, hey, we can put Fauci on the stand twice a year and get viral clips and maybe that exposes him, but I'm sorry, that does nothing! Somebody has to pay for funding the creation of COVID-19 that led to the global pandemic. I mean, somebody needs to be charged for illegal gain-of-function research and funding it. I mean, but it's just like, okay, we get signs that people care, we get some nice video clips of people pretending to care in Congress, but it's like, where is the sense of urgency? Where is the actual action? Where are the people in positions of power fighting like hell, like some of us are, we the people? Well, you know what? I'm going to hit this real head-on for you, Owen. So, I like Rand Paul, and I want to support him wholeheartedly. The problem is, at this point, I don't trust

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20230403 Mon Alex.repaired
looking at what was going on. It was very clear to me that we had a medical issue, which we doctors could have handled, but we had a legal crisis, a constitutional crisis. And this is what I started speaking out again. Again, really, as early as April 2020, I do think I'm a little bit different than the average physician because I really saw the legal threat very, very early. It makes no difference if you like Trump, dislike Trump. We have a situation where Trump, as a potential defendant, was investigated by the federal government, I think it was like 2016 or 2000, whenever that was, 2015, 16, the federal government, who was itching to get Trump, refused to indict because there simply isn't the evidence there. Then a person who is a known liar, a perjury, Michael Cohen, implicates Trump, and now the state of New York has picked this up in an effort to derail Trump. So how bizarre is that? Let's

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20230403 Mon Alex.repaired
only got 1% of the people buying the products that they have. Bring it up to 2%. Bring it up to 5%. Because the more that they get, the more that they do, the more that the Trends Journal gets, the more that we do. Oh, this week's is 169 pages. No ads. Nobody tells us what to say. So, see you next week. Support InfoWars. InfoWarsStore.com. Bye. Some are good, some are bad, some are a mix. But the good ones don't ever want to organize. The bad ones don't want to organize because they lost after power. Powerful consciousnesses don't want to dominate other people. They want to empower them so they don't tend to get together until things are really late in the game. Then they come together. Evil is always defeated because good is so much stronger. And we're on this planet, and Einstein's physics showed it, Max Planck's physics showed it, oh, there's at least 12 dimensions. And now that's why

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20230405 Wed Alex.repaired
surveillance or resistance against being taken down and so on. There are solutions on free speech. Alex, if you and I, if we stay alive here for the next five years, I guarantee you five years from now, your video platform, my video platform, all of our platforms will be decentralized peer-to-peer platforms. We won't even have central servers, and that's the way it should be. Every peer sharing data and bandwidth and storage so that it's resilient, it's resistant against being taken down. Same thing will happen in areas of websites, for example. Domain names, email, text messaging, you name it, decentralization is the answer. So the globalists are trying to centralize control with the Restrict Act or by taking down the money system and forcing you into their digital wallets, but trying to centralize control. Our solution for humanity, including food and farming, is decentralization. All the way. That's my take on it, Alex. Looking at the banking crisis itself, when you actually read

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20230503 Wed Alex.repaired
Reese. Hello, this is Hank Hill, and I'm telling you what, you need to listen to Alex Jones. If you don't watch it, you're gonna end up like Jason Adderley's boy. Deal me out this hand, Jason. I'm about to bust. Oh, I'm sorry, I thought this was the bathroom. Oh, good lord! Controls, manipulate scientific data. Take over, blast, control world government. Shut down infrastructure. Give everything to China. Just look at this person. From the front lines of the information war, it's Alex Jones. Welcome back to the Alex Jones Show. I'm Kate Dally, your guest host for the hour from katedallyradio.com, The Kate Dally Show. How are you today? All right. I have a great guest for you. I cannot wait for you to hear some of the details of Hunter's laptop Hunter Biden's laptop, or really we should just say the Biden's laptop, because it truly is the story of the Bidens, how they operate, mafia-like relationships, and what is really going

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20230503 Wed Alex.repaired
is a great open source intelligence tool and research tool. If you look at the news every single day, look at the people involved, Antony Blinken, just On any given day, the news is going to feature somebody who has correspondence on that laptop. And so it's a real time tool for people to use. And, you know, it took us a couple of months to do because we didn't have, there's really no tool out there, like a commercial off the shelf tool to make a searchable database of emails. Because we want to control it. It's on our server. It can't be shut down. Hunter's friend, who's an executive at Microsoft, his name is Vinny Steropoli, he actually is probably involved in making our report deemed unsafe on Bing's browser. So if you go to bidencrimes.info, it'll say unsafe. And so it just so happens that Hunter's friend's an executive there. But it's only on Microsoft's browser. Not on Safari, not on Firefox, just

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20230511 Thu Alex.repaired
cover. First baby with three parents, born. It's not a human. It is a humanoid. We'll be explaining that. It's not the first one born. They're just coming out of the closet with the whole New World Order agenda right now. All right. We're gonna go to break. Come back with Roger Stone and look at some of the excerpts of Trump's powerful town hall last night. The aftermath of the civil conviction for defaming a woman by saying he didn't rape her and he's innocent. Well, she runs around on TV and says rape is hot, rape is sexy, and just acts completely bonkers. Reportedly, her cat's name is Vagina. She called her black husband the ape. They had the evidence of this and witnesses, but weren't allowed to bring it in. The woman looks to me like an insane person, but whatever. We'll talk about that in the depth of due process. Real Red Pill Plus has been sold out for more than two

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20230511 Thu Alex.repaired
do nothing! You and I can accomplish nothing! You and I are powerless against these satanic powers, which in the last days, the Bible says, they will be performing mass miracles before your eyes, all empowered by Satan. Things that defy the laws of physics, the laws of gravity, the laws of science, everything we know. These things will begin to take place and what will you do? How will you respond? Will you be deceived? Are you born again? Do you have the anointing of the Holy Spirit to discern truth from error? And I'm not talking about something that's obvious. I'm talking about something that is so advanced. The serpent himself and his demons that are ancient, that know humanity better than you and me, that know what humans Are tempted by, that will fall for, I'm talking about the great deception that Alex was talking about before he ended the third segment. That great deception, that great delusion will be so powerful, you

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20231023 Mon Alex.repaired
to be proud of Western civilization that built those incredible cathedrals and created classical music and almost all the modern sciences we have developed and accelerated and that's why mainstream corporate media literally tells you white people didn't create anything because it's a lie and they want you to hate yourself because the globalists want to break up and control all of humanity and turn us against each other and make us hate ourselves and believe that we should be depopulated and that in the year 2030 the world's going to end so we give up on ourselves and roll over and let the robot technocracy take over. Of course when Raw Story put my clip out from last night they didn't put the part where I said, humanity is amazing. And it's God's garden. And all the different versions of humanity and invariants of us have done amazing, interesting, beautiful, powerful things. And we have to celebrate that and know that's a human trait we

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20240404 Thu Alex.repaired
legislation that some people were introducing. But they would kill it immediately. And it was crazy. And so it started this movement, as you very well know, all across the country, not just in Kentucky, Where these anti-establishment true, you know, patriots were coming out of the woodwork and saying, you know, enough is enough, we're going to do something about this. And the establishment was trying to, you know, quash that movement. They don't want anybody like that taking control of the narrative and getting airtime and getting elected to office. And so what we realized is they were taking our data from the candidates that we were trying to run. They were taking our donation data, you know, emails, phone numbers and stuff that we were collecting, and they were just using it against us. And so we started creating our own platforms to take donations, to take, you know, emails, creating our own systems that were able to send out mass emails because

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20240610 Mon Alex.repaired
with it will get you killed. Period. Leading a frontal assault on the lies of the New World Order. It's Alex Jones. There are many claims that Russia has fared better than most big countries during this deadly era of fake pandemics and experimental mandated shots. And so I traveled to Russia last December to see for myself. What I learned was that this is true, but the government is not to credit for this. While elements of the Russian Federation do protect and preserve the Russian people and their culture, the evidence shows that they were administering the same deadly shots as we've seen in the West. The number of deaths in Russia during the rollout of their vaccines exceeded 2.4 million people, making it the worst year of deaths since 1945. Data shows a correlation between vaccination and the increase in morbidity and mortality. And the head of the Russian Ministry of Health urged pregnant women to get the shot, saying it will contribute

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20241011 Fri 6709a83300df7bd075894950.repaired
shirt, and God bless you all. America will rise again. Head to thealicejonesstore.com today. Read the reviews and join the movement of informed, empowered patriots taking their health and style into their own hands. Don't wait. Stock up now because your freedom and future depend on it. Visit thealicejonesstore.com right now. We're not winning. I want to thank you all for your support. You are the Paul Revere's. We are live, hour number two, Friday, October 11th, 2024. Well, the air is electric with suspense. 24 days to, hands down, the most important election in world history. The whole planet watching, and all the numbers are coming in from the betting research groups and the scientific polls. Trump 14, 15 points ahead in Pennsylvania, surging everywhere else. No one can really even find anybody that's voting for her. Total insanity. And Robert Barnes, great constitutional lawyer, good friend of mine, has also worked a lot with the Trump campaign, can give us his inside baseball on

[Score: 4.50] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20200310 Tue Alex.repaired
one thing is for certain, it has already killed the philosophy of globalism. And now, it will be stress-testing the precarious digital grid that our entire society is based upon. This isn't a science fiction movie where the virus gets out. It's the real world. It came out of China. It came out of the New World Order. It's man-made, and they're going for broke with the plans they're going to use to destabilize the world with this weapon economy, and it's already happening. We called it here. Regardless of whether how deadly this virus is, regardless if it's just a little bit deadly, very low-level death, whether it's super deadly, if it kills you, it's bad news. So I would advise listeners, this is your everyday life anyways, to boost your immune system. We have the products that are documented on record to be good for your body. I mean, NanoSilver is on record taking out viruses and bacteria. It's in our entire line of

[Score: 4.50] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20200310 Tue Alex.repaired
the virus and now they have a bunch of special testing systems they're going to send out to everyone so we can have as much hysteria as possible. Today the greatest risk of global catastrophe doesn't look like this. Instead, it looks like this. If anything kills over 10 million people in the next few decades, it's most likely to be a highly infectious virus rather than a war. Not missiles, but microbes. They intend to use this crisis that they've engineered to bring down President Trump and kill the American recovery. Infowars has been dead on so far predicting how big this crisis would be. The crisis is real. The crisis is huge. Because the coronavirus is the hysteria the media and governments need to create this wave of fear. How deadly is the virus itself? We still don't know. But as evidence mounts, it looks like the CDC didn't put out testing kits because it would have shown how many people already had it

[Score: 4.50] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20200310 Tue Alex.repaired
eugenics bioweapon designed to kill the weak and elderly. But one thing is for certain, it has already killed the philosophy of globalism. And now, it will be stress-testing the precarious digital grid that our entire society is based upon. This isn't a science fiction movie where the virus gets out, it's the real world. It came out of China, it came out of the New World Order, it's man-made, and they're going for broke with the plans they're going to use to destabilize the world with this and go after the economy, and it's already happened. We called it here. Regardless of whether how deadly this virus is, regardless of if it's just a little bit deadly, very low-level death, whether it's super deadly, if it kills you, it's bad news. So I would advise listeners, this is your everyday life anyways, to boost your immune system. And we have the products that are documented on record to be good for your body. I mean,

[Score: 4.50] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210630 Wed Alex.repaired
media coverage where things like, Stay home. Don't see your doctor. Just take some over-the-counter remedies until you can't breathe anymore, and then go and visit the emergency room. We have never done this before in history. In medical history, I've never seen anything like this before. So this is a big problem. You know, the numbers show that it falls in the normal range of other pandemics in the past histories. So I don't think this is something that we really need to worry about as far as, is it over? Yeah, it's been over. And there's evidence to show we've been at herd immunity since before 2% of the population was even starting to be vaccinated. And you know, either way, whether this was the emergency the media claimed it was or not, the government does not have the right to just take control of your life and your body just through declaring an emergency. That's a very dangerous precedent being set. We'll be

[Score: 4.50] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20230117 Tue Alex.repaired
Schwab clips ever. Most insane John Kerry clips ever. They're saying they're going to take over our genes, that they're like extraterrestrials. I told you! They see themselves as aliens. They're making a new species. You understand? That's their mindset. I read their writings. They're taking our bodies over. I mean, it's like body snatchers having a press conference or something. It's like a science fiction movie for real. We're going to cover it all. All these deaths, dying suddenly. Coming out that the government knew it caused blood clots and death. Paul Joseph Watson, we've been Well, it's not the world that we grew up in, to say the least. what, 2001, 2002, and over 20 years now. You want to just reflect for a few minutes on what the journey's been like and how the world's changed, how really what we predicted really was the reality, and then hit some of the breaking news? Well, it's not the world that we grew up in,

[Score: 4.50] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20230117 Tue Alex.repaired
is being admitted. The globalists are taking control of the evolutionary process of humanity. They're playing God and treating us, like Benjamin Netanyahu said a month ago on Jordan Peterson's show, as lab rats. So Israel became, if you will, the lab for Pfizer, and that's how we did it. We got out and we gave the information to the world, not only been published in medical magazines and so on. I intend to bring on that base, database of medical, personal medical records for entire population, a genetic database, genomes, okay? But you can create You know, a biotechnological industry that is unheard of right now. Unheard of. Unimagined, even. Think about that. That's what Israel's become. That's what Singapore's become. That's what the UK's become. That's what Germany's become. That's what China is the model of, ladies and gentlemen. And we have to come together and realize this, and not let them continue to push humanity over the edge of the cliff. InfoWars is

[Score: 4.50] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20230530 Tue Alex.repaired
have to be the solution. We can't rely on anything else. So if that means becoming prepared, becoming self-reliant, whatever the case may be, that's the bottom line. All right, Greg. Let's go to James in Indiana. James, you're on the air. Go ahead. The power grid will collapse overnight with all electric cars, stoves, and heat. The federal government is retaliating against everyone that speaks out. FBI whistleblower, the government will crush you. If the government is retaliating against whistleblowers, what are they doing to the public? There's news out called, D.C. U.S. Attorney drops 75% of cases, but they are going after Trump supporters. The government doesn't solve crime, they manufacture it. Alex is right. It's nothing but dirty tricks, lying informants, and manufactured evidence by the government. There's also news out called VA retaliates against 69% of whistleblowers. The government doesn't care about people they destroy, just the ones they need to silence. Well, there's no doubt about that. I experienced that firsthand.

[Score: 4.50] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20240208 Thu Alex.repaired
literally paying for my replacement. I'm literally paying on a daily basis my taxpayer money for my replacement for these people to occupy American territory. It doesn't matter where you look. That's the reality of the situation, but at the same time... You are paying and you are funding a human trafficking operation on a daily basis. This is how criminal and rogue this federal government really is because it's been hijacked by globalists that are all abiding in obedience to the spirit of the Antichrist and Lucifer himself. My name is Drew Hernandez. Thank you guys for tuning in. The War Room is up next! You guys can follow me on x at Drew H live also rumble.com slash Drew Hernandez. I'll see you guys on the next one. War Room is coming up next. Don't go anywhere. All I do is research. Research Trends and I see what is having the best effects, what is having the best reviews. So a couple years ago,

[Score: 4.50] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20240209 Fri Alex.repaired
the documents. I'm reading the research right now. This is sick. This is what they're doing. This is bland. I talk to him all the time. We text each other. Every time something's crazy, I'll text him. Like, what is this? And he'll send me all these documents. He's talking about, uh, that's not something he said the other day about. You know, you gotta have somebody in case they turn the power off, turn the water off, do something like that. Well, there's a lot of people that think that, including me. Because if I was a foreign government and I wanted to cripple America, I would kill the power grid. We'd go feral in two weeks. It would be chaos in two weeks. As soon as people don't have water and food, and their children are starving, people go crazy. They start eating dogs, they start shooting deer in their neighborhood, and then that runs out, and they realize they don't know how to

[Score: 4.50] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat, control | 20240501 Wed Alex.repaired
do and trying to separate the people of those nations out and put out the truth and put out the research so everybody's aware and then you can make decisions about what you're going to do about it. I just call balls and strikes. It's what I've always done. People will find countless clips of me criticizing Israel and exposing things Israel has done and say, where's the old Alex, the good Alex? It's the same Alex that's always been here. But I don't say Jews are inherently evil themselves and are the fountain of all problems on earth. I don't support Soros and the left and Hezbollah and Hamas saying death to Israel, kill all the Jews, we can play the clips, at these university events, and kicking Jewish students out and beating people up. And I understand that Israel stood down. Not the whole government, not the whole people, but somebody did. And I've talked a lot about that on air. And I've asked

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat | 20200726 Sun Alex.repaired
were going to look at Fauci at the NIH for 45 years, involving gain-of-function transfers of weaponized coronavirus during the Obama administration. Now, Dr. McCamshaw, please, look right here. NIH lifts funding pause on gain-of-function research. NIH.gov. And it gets into Fauci and the programs and Bill and Melinda Gates and the actual gain-of-function. Here's Newsweek. Dr. Fauci back controversial Wuhan lab with U.S. dollars for risky coronavirus research with spliced virus chimeras using weaponized bat viruses. Oh, okay. Here's another one, 2015. Lab-made coronavirus triggers debate. Gain-of-function weaponized SARS COVID-2 virus. And it goes into how deadly it is to transfer it. I'll be getting into that a little bit later. The emperor has no clothes. Everything Fauci has told us has been a giant, galactic-sized lie. He told us 2.5 million would be dead in America, then 2.2 million. Then he told us all the hospitals would be full and we needed hundreds of thousands of ventilators. And now as they test everybody, the

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20200726 Sun Alex.repaired
highway in front of a Somali. Oh, look, there's a car going at you. Let me run after him. Two people, you know, one lady gets killed, another one almost does. They're like, white supremacist, white supremacist, white supremacist. They're trying to drag him out of the car. They go, lady's black. And still they cover it up, they go, Whites are attacking! Whites are killing me! Another time. In the age of wonder. Another time. Power of our source is the truth, and it will prevail. All right. Anybody can just type into a search engine, Virginia gun rally ends peacefully. Mother Jones had to admit it. The Associated Press had to admit it. The state police estimated 28,000. I estimated about 40,000 people. White, black, Hispanic, Asian, old, young, all came out together. Even though they closed half the Capitol grounds so it wouldn't look like a big crowd, they filled five, six, seven, eight, nine streets in all directions. It was amazing. One

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20200726 Sun Alex.repaired
of treason. Their names are Kevin Abrahams, Sy La Boyne, Kerry Salagas, Deborah Muell, Ellen Burnham, and Arne Drucker. They signed A lie. A hate-stinking lie. Dig this. That Ted Nugent is a racist, a homophobe, and an anti-Semite. You know, I was wondering, Alex, maybe they should have probably talked to some of my black, gay, or Jewish friends before they made those nasty accusations. They know it's all lies. They're the ones engaged in race-baiting. Sure, and here's the thing. What worse thing can a human do to another human than to falsely accuse And officially make a government document lying with that level of hate. And they're doing it with impunity. And again, you know, Alex, I gotta tell you. My buddy flew me back home and I got out my bow and arrow and my fishing rod and I spent a wonderful couple days with my dogs on my miraculous paradise here in Texas. So they didn't hurt Ted Nugent at all.

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: science, truth, future, threat, control | 20200726 Sun Alex.repaired
China 2015! This is the reality to Joe's guests at the New York Times. The cases are skyrocketing, the deaths are going way down. I predict they'll go spiking again when the numbers come in at the end of the month because July is when the new doctors and nurses come in for their residencies and they call it the July effect. I get into real statistics, real information, real research. It was a major scientific scandal that our government said we've got to make it illegal The scientist told Obama, you can't have these weaponized coronaviruses in our labs. So he just took it to China. And Fauci ran it with Bill Gates. Look up who funded Wuhan. And now Sinclair is under criticism for this. And they go, oh, we'll rework it or won't air it. And I just showed you Newsweek, NIH, New Scientist. I could show you a hundred more. Was a major, major controversy, but since when is Oliver Darcy, the

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, control | 20210124 Sun Alex.repaired
He has a lust, like psychopaths have, to rape and kill people, but he does it in a high-tech way where he gets away with it. So again, I'm Alex Jones, breaking this all down for you. It's a beautiful night. And the snow coming down and just how really science fiction-esque it is. I mean, look at that big device right over there. Whatever that is. I mean, this all looks like we're on another planet. But really, this is just Earth. And we're going out and opening it up and making it better, not worse. It's the globalist genetic engineering. It's the globalist manipulating all these things. We're actually hurting the biosphere and the original system of the Earth. They want to have a monopoly over life, where basic plants and animals can't even reproduce without corporate authorization, like the Terminator seed system. And that's what they want humans to be like, is a captured corporate creation they control. They don't want us to

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, control | 20210124 Sun Alex.repaired
gentlemen, we will be right back. Alex Jones from a moon base to the airwaves in 60 seconds. Big Brother. Mainstream media. Government cover-ups. You want to stop tyranny? Well, so does he. Live from the InfoWars.com studios, it's Alex Jones. I want to thank everybody for joining us on this live Sunday edition. We're now, what, five days into Biden's installation as the 46th president, and he's doing everything he said he would do. He's keeping his promises to cut off U.S. energy. He's keeping his promises to destroy women's sports and common sense and science and say that biological men Can compete and dominate in every sport. This is truly an assault on science and assault on reality. And from there, it just gets worse. He's announced that they're basically dissolving the borders, that they're not going to have any deportations anymore, and the giant UN-funded invasion waves are on their way after a year of, or close to a year of lockdown in

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210124 Sun Alex.repaired
and steal just to get ahead. And that is going to toxify the environment and bring down confidence and destroy civilization. And they know that. They have put that, unlike other dictators and other despots and other tyrants of history, into a scientific cosmology of globalism. Whereas, as they collapse society, consolidating power over it, becoming fabulously rich, and getting their own personal power at the level of kings, They say that's part of saving the earth by getting rid of wasteful civilization and quote then carrying out the depopulation to protect the planet. Well, again, they themselves are the ones, when you study them, that are geoengineering, that are genetic engineering, that say, we don't care about the environment. We're about to be gods. We're about to have all this incredible technology. That's really what this is. These are mad scientists, financed by multi-generational wealth, that are truly demonically inspired, who are playing God. And everything they do is about raping you with 5G, raping

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210124 Sun Alex.repaired
people, no one in attendance. Do you solemnly swear to preserve, protect, and uphold the Constitution of the United States of America? Come on, man! That's like saying you, before you got in this program, you take a test where you're taking cocaine or not. What do you think, huh? We hold these truths to be self-evident. All men and women created by God, you know the things. Anyway, the point I want to make is, uh, Corn Pop was a bad dude. And he ran a bunch of bad boys. And I did, yeah. And back in those days, you see how things have changed? I learned, I learned a lot. And I learned that, uh, you stack spaghetti sauce at a store, in a supermarket. You control the guy or the woman who runs the, runs, brings out the carts on a forklift. And by the way, it costs a lot of money. It costs about 740 billion dollars over 10 years. Okay. Now,

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210124 Sun Alex.repaired
really behaves like a James Bond villain. And he's teamed up with Klaus Schwab, who's literally a James Bond villain, bringing in the Great Reset. So this is an incredible time to be alive, my friends, and you need to go see the video. It's on Infowars.com for yourself, because we've become accustomed to tyranny, like the frog in the pot that's boiling, and now it's at high boil. We're about to die politically. And the Democrats admit this is a systematic takeover. They say they want re-education camps for libertarians, Christians. They say that anybody that doesn't take the COVID shots or doesn't allow the contact tracers into their homes will be sent to these facilities to be locked up. And we're all following UN directives. They're all making the same announcements in Australia and in Canada and in the U.S., all in the blue cities and blue states. And now they're going to further bankrupt the country with an ongoing lockdown. Get everybody at

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210704 Sun Alex.repaired
for this entire planet that is nothing more than a seed in a greater, larger potential with all of our art and all of our culture and all of our literature to expand out like a flamethrower into the universe, lighting the galaxy and the future stars with fire of beauty. That's what they fear is our strength. And they want us to give up our birthright and bow to the serpent as if that will empower us, as if submission will give us Fahala. Only war against tyranny will fulfill us. Only conflict against Satan will bring us to the next level. InfoWars has proven that we know what we're talking about and that we are a major game-changing organization for a pro-human future. And I really appreciate the listeners in the last 27 years that have helped me stay on the air. But now more than ever, being one of the only independent media organizations on the planet that actually understands what we're facing.

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210704 Sun Alex.repaired
of years go by, and now I see stuff I saw in my dreams 20 years ago. Now I know exactly what it is. And the new stuff I've seen, I'm trying to figure it out right now. But let me tell you something. I'm gonna lay something big on you right now. People serving Satan don't get none of that. They think they kill their dog or screw their kid. Gives them some big knowledge. You're losers. Only thing you do, killing your dog, or killing a homeless person, or screwing some kid, is separate yourself from a black hole in reverse. See, God isn't a black hole that sucks you in and destroys you. God's the opposite. God's the other end of that black hole, spewing reality and power and beauty and judgment and honor and will and strength and goodness. And we just reject it. This big flower God gave us. You want power? You want the future? You want consciousness? You want

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: science, truth, human, threat, control | 20210704 Sun Alex.repaired
more. It's like fish in the sea. Influenza is a specific type of infection caused by a specific virus. So that's usually Influenza A or Influenza B virus. The cold, on the other hand, is caused by hundreds of different types of viruses. And it's our body's defenses that defeat that 99.999% of the time. Not taking a vaccine that is specifically for one variant. When viruses are constantly changing and their own medical science admits, when you take a vaccine like this, it causes your body to slough off things that basically are other variants of the virus. That's even Wall Street Journal. Well, here it is out of the VAERS reporting system. Reported deaths, COVID vaccines, more than the last 10 years combined. And they think about 1 in 40 is the real number, not 1 in 10, not 1 in 100. About 1 in 40 of these things get put down as COVID. So it's 40 times worse than that, 40 times 5,888

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210704 Sun Alex.repaired
that's out there so people will not feel comfortable. It's about truth and free exchange of ideas, whether you like them or not. But they want everybody to get this, you know, entitlement culture thing. It's all about your feelings, not reality. Nobody's supposed to make you feel unconfident. That's not how the world works. Talk about, Judge Brown, what made you successful versus this victim mentality, because when you talk about that, that's what I see people like. They're in love with their victimhood, but then they never succeed because they're so into being a victim instead of overcoming adversity, which empowers us. I always looked at life as a potential adventure. And if you had something that was against you, that was adversity. And some people on the Serengeti call adversity Simba. But you don't see them hiding in hovels behind the village thorn fence. They send their 13-year-old boys out to kill Simba as a rite of passage. You see, that's just adversity.

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20220501 Sun Alex.repaired
year 2020 with COVID They are now going to have a repeat power grab but go for everything in their latest attempt with the World Health Organization and an international health regulations meeting that is set to kick off. Now, here's the problem with society and that's the naive nature that people have to think Hey, the person on TV is telling me the truth. Hey, the person in government is telling me the truth. They're not out to get me, why would they lie to me? That ignorance, that naive nature needs to go. And I think it has for a lot of people, but hey, you'd understand. Deadly virus, might get you sick, might get your friends sick, whatever. Alright, let's figure it out, let's get it under control. Doesn't mean you should shut down, doesn't mean there should be government tyranny, but hey, yeah, there's a deadly virus going around, you're concerned about it, perfectly rational. But then you learn how it was

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20221127 Sun-2 Alex.repaired
leftists are criticizing other leftists and other writers for being against the lockdowns and saying they're tyrannical because they want to bring all of that here. But a lot of people, even in the system, are going, OK, this is actually going to lock me and my family up in the future. I don't want to take these poison shots. I want to resist this. So even CNN and the Associated Press are now reporting on China's authoritarianism and admitting it's not about COVID for the first time in almost three years. They're admitting it's about power and control. So how far will humanity let the globalists take us before we finally come up for air? Well, it's really up to us, all of us, to understand that you can pretend you're part of the New World Order and go along with it, but you're just being a fool, a schmuck, an idiot. You're deluding yourself, because this thing will destroy you and your future. The

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat | 20221127 Sun-2 Alex.repaired
no problem. The shots work. Anybody questioning it should be locked up in a mental institution, even though the facts are all in. Medical Journal claims anti-vaxxers cause deadly clots in vaccinated people by scaring them about vaccine dangers. Yes, that's why the blood clots are exploding. It's psychosomatic. It's placebo. U.S. military biological activity is a threat to the world. Says Russia. And it goes on and on. SASC woman dies allegedly after COVID booster. Daughter in shock. But Buttigieg, the head of the Transportation Department, is back in the news. He says in this video clip I'm showing TV viewers, he says That it works 100% and protects you and you can't get sick if you have the shot. So they're back to the same lies of two years ago. Why not? They didn't get in trouble for it. Meanwhile, the former chief scientist at Pfizer, who retired a year before this all happened three years ago, three and a half years ago, has

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, control | 20221127 Sun-2 Alex.repaired
the Alex Jones Show! Hour number two is coming up here in about 13 minutes. This segment is going to be really important as we tie all this together. support your immune system naturally. Bezo beef complete 40% off limited supply on that but still in stock. Ultimate fish oil 40% off and so much more. Don't forget about the additional 10% with coupon code 1776. Welcome back to the Alex Young Show. Hour number two is coming up here in about 13 minutes. This segment is going to be really important as we towel this together. So there's a global corporate scientific mad science takeover happening in It's not a lot of the Communist China, but there's a rift there. And it wants to take full control of the entire human biological system. It wants to get rid of the old upper mobility system of trying to be wealthy and successful. wants to get rid of the Renaissance and basic Christian society and replace it

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20221127 Sun-2 Alex.repaired
old upper mobility system of trying to be wealthy and successful. wants to get rid of the Renaissance and basic Christian society and replace it with a social Darwinistic predatory system in their own words that has an end goal of 90% depopulation and accelerated scientific developments that allow the elites to live forever. So that's why they're doing this. They're very selfish. They believe that if they leave humans free and open we'll continue to develop technology, do all these incredible things and they'll lose control of the future. So they're doing it really out of desperation. But if you look into the globalist arms of the very worst of humanity and should not be in control of a dictatorship. I'm not endorsing dictatorship. That's the whole point of dictatorship. Not working is the very worst. We're always in control of it. So let's go ahead and get into this. This is the biggest news here. Japan dumping record U.S. Treasuries. China's selling. The Fed

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, control | 20221127 Sun-2 Alex.repaired
attacking that at every level with GMO and poisons and adulterated garbage. But the energy that runs our machines and our mechanized industrial world is Fossil fuels. Now, there was a study in 2016, and we're going to get to it coming up next segment, with a whole bunch of different governments and a bunch of universities that found what is known as science. The carbon dioxide used to be hundreds of times what it is in our atmosphere now from the ice core samples and the mud samples and others they've done. And that plants were much bigger and grew faster, were healthier and lived longer. there was more oxygen and animals including humans were healthier. And just like Mars lost its atmosphere a long time ago, the earth if you look at the studies, the real science, it's all out there, real scientists know this, it's not debatable, the earth is losing its atmosphere. And so by going in and finding those fossil fuels

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20221127 Sun-2 Alex.repaired
I'll voice over the text for you. Here it is. Rejoice, the earth is becoming greener. The amount of vegetation growing on Earth increased every year between 1982 and 2009. This is an old study. That comes to a total increase of 14%. Enough to form a green landmass twice the size of the United States. Really? How? of this increase is attributed to the extra CO2 in the atmosphere. Greening affects all ecosystems, but shows up mostly strongly in arid areas, dry areas. That's because high temperatures and high CO2 concentrations cause plants to retain more water during. That implies that during periods of low rainfall, ecosystems and farms will be less water stressed at the end of the century than they are today. Thousands of experiments demonstrate The higher CO2 levels result in higher crop yields. It's a fact. In other words, greening means more food for wildlife. It also means higher yields for farmers and humans. About 3 trillion over the last 30

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20221127 Sun-2 Alex.repaired
he's absolutely trying to fight the system with everything he's got. And they're coming after him because they're coming after all of us. Coming after you. And it's all out in the open now. Look at this, this trans woman may have discovered a potential motive. The shooter claims to have been non-binary, but this trans woman is like, nope, you're a man. So why would he target a club Q? Because they rejected his personal identity? Either of this, the people lie about being trans to get easier sentences. But you're not supposed to question somebody when they tell you that they are another gender. This is all depopulation, and I've got this video club. That Royce White put out. This is the future of the Beta Feminist LBGTQ BLM Project. It's an Asian woman leading a black man dressed as a woman around on a chain and the murder of his masculinity. That's all this is. It's all funded by big corporations to break

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: science, truth, future, threat, control | 20221218 Sun Alex.repaired
on the UN NGOs running the entire operation. That's completely illegal to have some foreign, non-governmental organization with George Soros funding running it. We know all the names of the people. It's ridiculous! So we've got all of that. We've got a really out-of-control ruling out of the wonderful state of Connecticut. Talk about rigged courts. Court rules against biological females over Connecticut transgender athlete policy. It says men will compete in basketball against women, in track, in boxing, in wrestling, in everything. And so now everywhere, the winners of cycling and boxing and MMA are biological men beating the living snot out of women. So that's coming up. And then we've got all the economic collapse news that I don't have to tell you we're in the middle of. What the Federal Reserve's doing, raising the rates, the basis points on lending and more. There is so much happening and there could be more critical time for InfoWars to still be on air. But it's

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: science, human, future, threat, control | 20221218 Sun Alex.repaired
yes, I'm calling for the head of the main NGO down in South Texas to be arrested for human trafficking. They've done it. They organized it. They paid people they knew had kidnapped kids to do it. Arrest them! We have a bunch of politically correct, sold-out people who aren't part of the trafficking themselves who just go along with it. So it is good that Governor Abbott's finally talking about this. Because if he doesn't do something about it, he's guilty of it as well. Texas Governor Abbott seeks state probe of NGOs aiding illegal immigrants crossings. They're aiding the crime that violates federal crime. And now we have a state of emergency. We are in a major emergency. We are in an intense emergency. And then we've got all this news. Court rules against biological females over Connecticut transgender athlete policy. Gates and Bezos invest in Australian-designed brain implant. I'm going to get to that. An electric car charging twice as expensive new study.

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: science, truth, future, threat, control | 20221218 Sun Alex.repaired
dude comes in and starts jacking off right in front of them. And the news is like, well, he's a woman. He's allowed to. Again, it's all about what can they get away with. Court rules against biological females over Connecticut transgender athlete policy. A three-judge appellate panel, same one that let the fraudulent trials against me go forward, on Friday dismissed a challenge to Connecticut's transgender athlete policy after a group of biological females said it was unfair that they have to race against biological males who identify as female. In the decision of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York, upheld a lower court judge's dismissal of a lawsuit challenging the policy brought by four female runners opposing letting transgender athletes compete in high school sports from swimming to track to basketball. According to the judges, the girls lacked standing to sue, saying the fact that they were denied scholarships for biological males, speculative. How's that empowering women and our daughters

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20221218 Sun Alex.repaired
get. We'll be right back. Final segment of the Alex Jones Show Sunday edition. I have Owen Schroer taking over here in about 13 minutes with Sunday Live, 6 to 8 p.m. Central Standard Time. All right, I want to talk about, before I hit this final news, what they don't want. The power structure doesn't want independent media when they stage terror attacks, or they lie about WMDs, or they stage a mass shooting, or whatever it is they do. They don't want somebody watching and calling them out when it happens that changes the narrative. They want narrative control for the general public. Now I've studied 9-11 that happened 20 plus years ago, probably more than anybody out there, other than those that did it. We're not saying radical Islam doesn't exist. We're not saying that Bin Laden wasn't a real person. We're saying there were criminal elements in our government, aiding and abetting at many levels, and that the Chanksville plane was shot

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20221218 Sun Alex.repaired
a real person. We're saying there were criminal elements in our government, aiding and abetting at many levels, and that the Chanksville plane was shot down, and that there was a plane that they were trying to send to the Capitol, and that the witnesses all saw a cruise missile hit the Pentagon in no wreckage. And even CNN reported that. But see, they can easily cover that up if nobody's calling it out. They can sweep it under the rug like that day, that afternoon. I've been on air since it happened early in the morning. I want a pizza. It was a pizza place like two miles from my house. I got in the car and I drove to the pizza place to pick the pizza up by order. And I listened to CBS Radio back when they still had CBS Radio. It went away like a year later. And they said the decision's been made to blow up with a controlled demolition, Building

[Score: 3.90] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20221218 Sun Alex.repaired
Absolutely revolutionary, because we're cutting out the middleman, because we have a deal with the national manufacturer. We're able to give you prices on things well above 50% off in almost every case what you're going to find on store shelves or on other prominent websites. So you're getting high-end supplements at a massive, massive discount and funding the InfoWar and freedom of speech in the battle against the globalists. That is the definition of a 360 win. So check out the first of 10 amazing products war coming at InfoWarStore.com from InfoWarsMD. Superfood greens, the highest rated, so incredibly good for you. Ageless Vitality Collagen, so good for your skin and the rest of your body. Better mood. It's got all the jam-packed ingredients to naturally boost your immune and have incredible energy. Nitric Boost, with key chemicals that naturally boost nitrous oxide in your blood that's so good for your cardiovascular system and your heart. Mushroom Maxx, incredible nootropic. Three new full-spectrum CBDs in

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat | 20201206 Sun Alex.repaired
there selling us the idea of rolling over and dying and giving up on our own futures so they can piratically take it over. And the good news is humanity isn't buying it. And I'm very proud of Trump supporters seeing right through it and calling this piece of leftist garbage out there virtue signaling out for what he did. This is the new form of war. Having us run into our houses and never come out. Believing chicken little and the collapse of the sky while they take over. Well guess what? Your leftist Milgram experiment Your Stanford research experiment, your mass stockroom program may have worked on your own people, but it's not working on us, scum. It's not working on InfoWars.com and Banned.Video. Now go get this report at Banned.Video and share it, and force it on the throats of the soy boys, the ones who wear gags, like the Islamists want their women to wear burkas as a sign of our submission.

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat | 20201206 Sun Alex.repaired
just tell us in your simplest way possible as an expert, what is your opinion as to the validity of the numbers that were certified today by the Secretary of State and the Governor about this election? If I was an executive at a publicly traded company, I would never sign that because I risk jail time and having all my money taken from me in lawsuits. So, to answer your question, I would never ever have certified. I'd rather resign than have certified those results. So your professional opinion is that the numbers are fraudulent? I believe they're fraudulent based on the data. And my sister asked me a simple question this morning. She goes, how sure are you? And my sister's a pretty stubborn person like me. And I said, I'd be willing to put my life on it. I'm that sure about the analysis, assuming that the data that I got from the state and everything else was accurate. So, you know, if

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210303 Wed Alex.repaired
to not give any businesses and establishments that unmask. Oh yeah, right. Either way, I'll keep wearing mine. I never realize how nasty some people are, especially when coughing and sneezing. I don't need other people's germs. Yeah, you'll just die without them. A whole year since this started, I've not been sick with a cold. Prior to COVID, I was sick. Oh, yeah, right. It's just so good. There's no flu either, dumbass. So Democrats are furious about that. Big interview with David Eickhoff at Bandot Video. We are facing the end of humanity unless we push back. Yes, sir. Share that video, folks. Return to normal might hurt Facebook's bottom line. Chief Financial Officer says, wait a minute, that lady said, that lady said the lockdowns Are good, and that Abbott wants to end them for profits. What, for local businesses? For local governments? You mean staying alive? Farmers? Restaurants? Schools? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Not going bankrupt and being homeless is important. We don't

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, control | 20210303 Wed Alex.repaired
local businesses? For local governments? You mean staying alive? Farmers? Restaurants? Schools? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Not going bankrupt and being homeless is important. We don't all have government jobs like you. It was 15 days to slow the spread. That was it. Here we are a year later. And then Klaus Schwab would say, We must never reopen. It is for the Earth. No business as human contact. You stay at home, robot deliver food. I own everything. I mean, this is like Aliens land and the Simpsons are like, I am Gorb. I rule you. Never leave your home again. These robots will feed you. You're like, the robots are getting us to starve ourselves. Once they're in control, they'll kill us. Yeah. I don't know if aliens run it. I'm just saying. Sounds like a science fiction movie plot to me. Okay. I mean, No businesses where you see human. Stay at home, robot bring, and you have nothing you like. And you don't

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: science, human, future, threat, control | 20210303 Wed Alex.repaired
he wants to... He also has to get rid of old people, too. Have you met him before? No, I've never met Mr. Pink Sweater. What would you say if you met him? I don't... I have no desire... He's not of this world, my friend. He's not... You think he's, like, not biologically human? No, he's biologically human. It's... He's dimensionally overtaken. How many dimensions are there? Well, there's 12 in our analysis. But that's 12 of this. Obviously, everything folds over itself, so there's a lot of sub-dimensions. Which dimension are we in right now? Physically, the third dimension. Well, you can actually walk through the dimensions. It's in mainline science. But the sixth dimension, to try to describe it, is that you're able to basically See and understand the dimensions of anything in the sixth dimension in the universe you're in. But you can't, like, to higher dimensions start controlling those dimensions. Like third dimensions, this table, two dimensionals like this paper, one

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210303 Wed Alex.repaired
moving into. We're like, as the collapse of censorship happens, it goes exponential now. Right, and here's the thing, I don't want to put all my eggs in a cell phone, because again, one thing people need to understand about cell phones, your cell phone is not only a tracking device while you're traveling with it from cell tower to cell tower, but if you have your cell phone on, in the room, the microphone, listen, nobody knows this Alex, this was told to me by a really smart scientist. No, you said it 20 years ago, it's not declassified, it's actually public. They listen to everything you say. Yeah, but the thing is, real quick, even if the phone's across the room, they can target you with smart rounds because the microphone is even sensitive enough to pick up your heartbeat. Listen to this, I had a former MI6 weapons guy on showing the... Control towers, these smart, smart meters, and the smart light poles,

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210303 Wed Alex.repaired
heartbeat. Listen to this, I had a former MI6 weapons guy on showing the... Control towers, these smart, smart meters, and the smart light poles, and he showed these little transmitters aimed at the road that fire radiation particle beams, and I showed it to an engineer in Austin. He said it was real. So what you're saying is they can weaponize the regular cell phones. Absolutely, and that's a really good statement. That's the bottom line. Now look, the world's in a crisis, let's face it. And I want to stay in contact with all, you know, my supporters, all my people that I've subscribed to, my newsletter, but all that. But this is what we're also setting up. From satellite, it'll go to ham radio operators. All the hams have already been talking to me, not all of them, but a lot of them. And the point is, like you said, this is the best deal. By the way, ladies and gentlemen, I personally

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210303 Wed Alex.repaired
out. So the third helix, and look, we just heard the word xenobots. You guys at InfoWars sell the book Xenogenesis, and that was written almost 10 years ago. It means a human DNA strand with something supernaturally evil. Look, Satanists believe in the power of Satan. Luciferians worship Lord Lucifer, but the Christians don't get it that Jesus said, we've got power, we've got faith, we've got the gifts of the Holy Spirit, and why are we... Well, explain that. Our DNA literally resonates with God. It's a receiver. Oh, absolutely. And can you imagine creating the image and likeness of God? That doesn't really endear us to Satan, the devil. Call him what you like. Because we're literally so much more powerful, we just don't know it. Well, yeah, but see, here's the deal. God says we're more powerful. He said, behold, I give you powers to tread on serpents and scorpions and over all the power of the enemy, and nothing shall by

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210303 Wed Alex.repaired
over again, except that the press wants to incite the incitement rule as many times as possible to blame as many people as possible. Who might not be accepting the globalist agenda to be labeled as criminals and domestic terrorists, because after all, anybody who incites must be a terrorist, right? So we need a new bill. And in fact, if you look at the bill that has now been pending, I think since 2019 in the Congress, I think it's Adam Schiff's bill. If you actually read it, you'll see that all kinds of people could be indicted as terrorists, and I'll explain after the break. So, if you look at this terrorism bill by Adam Schiff that has been sitting there, I think, for a couple of years now, and people are, oh yeah, we need a domestic terrorism bill. If you actually read the thing, you'll see a section where they talk about how destruction of property Destruction of property as a means

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20210303 Wed Alex.repaired
folks, cannot absorb D3 in the gut. But under the tongue, if you hold it for about a minute, you get most of it, along with a vitamin K that helps with delivery. Ultra high quality, back in stock. You can get it For 40% off when you get it with Ultra 12 super high-end vitamin B12 under the tongue for maximum absorption as well. Made by the same great lab. The highest in we can get. I'm so proud of it. Ultra 12 with it is 40% off in the combo pack. Get Ultra 12 by itself because there's no shortage of that yet. 4.9 stars. Limited supply. Separately, My dad, working with a major manufacturer, major developer, and a chemist, has launched his own line that we carry at InfoWorksStore.com. And these are all different formulas. It doesn't compete with Supermail Vitality or Alpha Power. It's just different and it's really strong. Total Mail Invigoration Primal Youth. Available. Primal Youth. Along with the Extra

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20211107 Sun Alex.repaired
usual, but they just get bigger each transmission because more and more is happening here and the quickening, the singularity, as we approach that, whatever you want to call it, the transhumanists, the singularitarians, or that's how they say it, believe that this is the end of history that we're approaching. And that they are in full control of humanity's mind and soul and genetics and developmental future. And they just want to be able to mold the brains of the people to accept this nightmare future and to not resist it. Well, I'm here to tell you that I'm going to resist it. I'm here to tell you that I'm not going to go along with it. I'm here to tell you that I know it's Destructive and evil and selfish and stinks to high heaven. And I'm going to document it and I believe in you and I believe that when you figure out how much trouble you're in and what an incredible attack

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20211107 Sun Alex.repaired
passed them to over 90%. And they have the highest rate and the highest rate of hospitalizations per capita and death. Gee, I'm not a chemist, but if I went out in the garage and I just scooped some powder out of some weird container and took it and died, while I was dying, I'd probably figure out that was poison. So here you go. I mean, for TV viewers, radio listeners, just go look it up yourself. Vermont and Maine have the highest cases and the highest injected In the country. That's the reality of all of this. This is modern warfare. Now, I played this on Friday and I played this on Saturday and I'm playing it again now. Because it's so powerful. Here is the Premier, the Governor of Western Australia, that's the name of the province, and here he is saying, we don't know why we've got record number of illnesses and the hospitals are just full. You see this stack right

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat | 20211107 Sun Alex.repaired
boosters come in, which is happening, it's going to be 10 times worse, which happened in Israel and England. They've suspended the boosters in Europe. But you don't hear that on your news. You're just told you're a kook. You're crazy. Don't ask questions. I saw a Jimmy Kimmel video from Friday this morning. I'm going to play some of it when we come back. And Jimmy Kimmel looks straight at the camera and he says, look at these idiot, you know, sports people. They say that they're doing their research before they take the shot. And the crowd's told to laugh. He did research! Ha! He read the back of the container! Ha! They just want us mindlessly like a bunch of idiots going off the edge of a cliff. So here is the head of the UFC, who I just really admire now more than ever. He's always been a libertarian conservative type. I don't know why. He's a trailblazer. And he's one of

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20220624 Fri Alex.repaired
going to do next? Vowing violence and vengeance and insurrection all across. The United States. Open phones on one subject, and that is the Roe v. Wade being overturned, and if you humor me and give me your comment on that, then I'd also like you to add the caveat, or the dessert, and give us your view on the major Second Amendment ruling overturning New York, not letting folks have concealed carry, unless they can give them enough campaign contributions and kiss their ass. Oh, sorry, you run a liquor store? Sorry, you're a guy that works in your own company overnight at a factory? You can't have a gun, but the political ruling class, they can have bodyguards, in many cases, paid for by the citizens. So, we're going to fire up the phone system. It's not turned on yet. We're going to turn the phone system on at the start of the next segment. And this will be for first-time callers today. I

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: science, truth, future, threat, control | 20220624 Fri Alex.repaired
their profits in the stores and sales of food and drinks, as well as alcohol, where sales are legal. That's a known fact, but they think you're so stupid that they're now going with that in the news. Well, he's right. It's the gas stations. He tried to blame the oil companies last week. And there is some evidence that since increased prices went up and inflation, they have now started charging about 10% more than they should. But if you do the actuaries, I'm not defending oil companies, but they know the price is going up in the future, so they're adding that in for the future cost of delivery of goods. So, no ladies and gentlemen, when Trump told oil companies to lower prices, when Trump, they said, yes sir, let us increase output and it plunged. Because the president has power when he's not a puppet. Biden could be directing all this. I'm going to go to break and take your calls, but

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20220624 Fri Alex.repaired
I asked the Lord, and he said, Beth, not everybody is a 50-plus-year-old Sunday school teacher, that I need warriors, and Alex is a warrior. And he said, nobody fights for Alex like the... Nobody fights for the babies. Nobody fights for my children like Alex. So I continue to pray for you, support you, and I just wanted you to know that. You bring tears to my eyes, I want you to know this Beth, I'm a real person, I don't put on acts, and I am a fallen evil person. I love God, my heart's right, but I haven't like, you know, had my best friend killed so I could have his wife like King David did, and he repented. But I am a savage killer. I am a wild man, and I get out of control, especially when I do nighttime shows and I'm exhausted, and then later I see it and I think it's horrible and it's terrible, but it's real and

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20220624 Fri Alex.repaired
so much, Thumper. All right, up next, Josh in FEMA Region 3. You're on the air worldwide. Alex, it's an honor to talk to you. Yes, sir. Real quick, I just want to plug X2. Man, I've been taking it for the last month and a half. It's made amazing changes. I started dreaming again. It's just, it's amazing. Let's spend a little bit more time on that because most people are iodine deficient. Even the UN admits 2 plus billion have cognitive disabilities and health problems from lack of iodine. Most iodine is not in the soil or it's bound to other elements so it's not absorbable. This is pure medical grade iodine, the highest quality anywhere. X2, unbelievable for your immune system, your libido, your body. It is critical to life. X2 is incredible. You're saying you're dreaming again? What else has happened with X2? It's just, I just feel better. Like, it's hard to explain. I feel like I'm more hydrated. I'm a

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20220624 Fri Alex.repaired
know about these people taking photos of him with a defibrillator, meaning he was taking so many drugs he wanted his heart restarted? This is extreme, dangerous behavior. Was this Deep State operatives speculating that we're trying to get full control of him? Because, I mean, who would do this? I think Alex, they saw him as a future political commodity, but they saw him as a little bit of a free spirit. So I think what happened there, he hires the male escort. Couple of other people are in the room, and they're doing these really extreme things, and remember in the police report, they didn't release the police body cam footage, but in the police report, when the police entered the room, he was so incoherent, he could barely stand, he was falling over, he couldn't speak, he couldn't even give a statement. So, I think something is afoot there, where maybe he went off the leash a little bit, and they had to

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20220624 Fri Alex.repaired
guest Jacob Ingalls got it out before the election and helped derail what he was doing and to great detriment to his own self. But that's what it takes to win these fights. So how big is this? And where do you see this going with him indicted now? And again, for listeners who just tuned in, why has he been indicted? Well, he's been indicted on 19 counts of wire fraud and then I believe two other counts of making false statements to the FBI. Essentially what he was doing when he announced his run for governor in 2017, he had to resign to run. That's the rule in Florida. So he lost his salary as mayor of Tallahassee. And they concocted this scheme with one of his friends, one of his longtime associates, where she would create a company That then would be hired by his campaign and his political committee, and then he would get a chunk of it on the back end.

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20220624 Fri Alex.repaired
little too far from the reservation for them, or they've charged him and we'll all spend the next couple of months, wow, this is great. Finally, somebody's charged. Finally, the Biden Justice Department gets something right. And then what will result is a Roger Stone style jury, except in the favor of Gillum, where he gets off and they get to rebrand him and rebuild him. So that's kind of the two angles I'm thinking. I think they might be taking them down a few notches and then let them off and then Having that understanding with him going forward that you are completely and totally under our control. What about DeSantis? You know, I know he went to Yale. People say Trojan Horse, but he's gone up against Big Pharma. He's come out against the vaccines for little kids. He is just, I don't see anybody at the level he's at doing what he's doing. I really like DeSantis and I like Trump too, but

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat | 20220624 Fri Alex.repaired
chickens with their heads cut off. What's their problem? Why don't they want success? Why don't they want order? Why don't they want freedom? True liberalism, which means freedom. They're not the liberals to me. They're the authoritarians. How would you quantify, Judge Brown, where we are today? Fifty-five years ago, I had a Of course. It was a visiting professor, and the professor said America is in grave danger of becoming a fascist country. Not from some jack-booted, goose-stepping thugs, but from, as she turned, some pink-panty-wearing, long-haired hippies who would be glad to impose the worst methods of fascism on everybody for their own perceived good. And that's what we're getting. What you're looking at is essentially an episode of two things. One, to make it real simple, Reed Orwell's Animal Farm, where the animals staged a revolution and took over a farm, and they had a constitution written on the side of a barn that said all animals are equal. And then the

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20220625 Sat Alex.repaired
because criminals don't obey laws. And even though the Supreme Court recently honored the Second Amendment, our corrupt Congress is working together to infringe upon all Americans. No matter what happened in Uvalde, Texas, we know that the police stood down and allowed it to happen. And after Hollywood dispatched their latest celebrity prostitute with political aspirations to dance on the graves of children, we know why they stood down. Unless you're a brainwashed zombie, it's crystal clear why the government is desperately trying to challenge the Second Amendment. The U.S. government is not only guilty of committing crimes against the American people, they're guilty of committing crimes against humanity and international war crimes. It is in fact the American citizen's duty to remedy the situation and restore the Republic. Violence may often be a solution in human affairs, but it is never a good solution, and it requires very little courage to kill, if any at all. And that brings us to the First Amendment.

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20220625 Sat Alex.repaired
based on rigorous scientific review, that the vaccines available here in the United States can be used safely and effectively in children under five. Vaccinating young children is a critical opportunity to protect them against hospitalization and death from COVID-19. Parents, I strongly encourage you to get your children vaccinated. The Pfizer and Moderna vaccines involve the radical new mRNA technology that we now know is spreading throughout the entire body and altering the person's DNA. Thousands of medical doctors have been speaking out about this, including one of the inventors of mRNA technology. Several nations have suspended these vaccines due to serious injuries and deaths. And yet, we are still being lied to by our own government, who wants us to sacrifice our youngest children. My name is Dr. Ashish Jha, and I am the White House COVID-19 Response Coordinator. I have some really exciting news. The FDA and the CDC just authorized vaccines for kids under 5. These vaccines are incredibly safe. They work

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: science, truth, human, future, threat | 20220625 Sat Alex.repaired
so we are over here, um, we're advocating for men who have uteruses, for men to get abortions, because this is 2022, and we have reached peak science. Guns killed, but abortions saved lives, even though 70 million babies have been killed in the womb. Can somebody explain this science to me, because I don't really understand it. We're gonna move on. Thank you so much for speaking with us today, we actually do really appreciate it. We're gonna move on. What a cult. It's going to overheat. Okay. Alex, if the phone goes out, it's because it overheated, but we're going to try to get one or two more interviews. Savannah, you're great. Keep going. You don't want to be on camera? No worries at all. So they've got the face masks on because COVID is still very real. Omicron is in the air right now. Very dangerous theme on the streets today. Ma'am, can you talk to us about why this is important to

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20220625 Sat Alex.repaired
you get your abortions paid for? I pay for them. Really? How many do you pay for them? Upwards of 50. Really? Oh yeah. F*** you, you piece of s***! You bunch of misogynist mother fuckers! Take your male privilege somewhere else! Tyler, you're being aggressive. I'm being aggressive? These, that's the guys that attacked Alex Jones. From the front lines of the Information War, it's Alex Jones. All the human rights are going to start falling down. Alright, LGBTQ plus community, we're next on the chopping block, and birth control, and possibly interracial marriage. So pretty much we're going, the only thing that's going to have rights in this country is White men and guns. This is about the woman who tried to have a baby so bad and ended up having a miscarriage who now has to go stand on trial. If we don't stand up now and do something about this, The Handmaid's Tale is going to be more than just a show.

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: truth, human, future, threat, control | 20220919 Mon Alex.repaired
the American people. Because it was written saying this could happen to U.S. citizens. Under military law and the laws of war, if somebody's a citizen, and they're overseas, or they're part of a terror group, or they're here with a terror group domestically, nobody's held back from taking them out or going after them. That's just not true. And so now, the Great Reset is incredibly important. And when I said the energy being cut off is central, that's central to their long-term goal. But in countries, the globalists don't fully control, like America. You can't have tyranny worldwide under the UN If you still have some free countries left. And so, folks, the UN really is taking over. Last Thursday, Facebook again testified in the Senate that they take orders not only from the Biden White House on what to censor, they send them a list of accounts every day and who to ban, but the UN also gives them orders. So we have

