--- HIGH RESONANCE ARC INTERSECTIONS ---
Chunks hitting multiple narrative pressure zones.

[Score: 4.62] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth, control | 57 - Civilization #57：  How Modernism Ruined Everything.en
system was designed to pro protect the interests of powerful interests, powerful men. Okay, that's my argument to you uh today. Okay, so having made the general argument, what I want to do now is look at the evidence to support the argument. Okay, so um again this is a chart that summarizes the different perspectives of these four major thinkers Kant, Hegel, Marx and Freud. Okay. So to summarize the main ideas, Freud believes that our sexual urges is what underpins our identity as well as civilization. It's because we cannot control our sexual urges that gives rise to religion which helps us um cope with our guilt. Okay. Um he also believes that truth lies and our suppressed memories and in his framework God has abandoned us. There's really no God in his system. We are left to fend for ourselves. We are left to deal with the trauma of being alone. All right. So, um let's put Freud in his historical context. So,

[Score: 4.62] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth, control | 58 - Civilization #57： How Modernism Ruined Everything (Re-upload AUDIO FIXED -- Thanks to Gabriel Bessa).en
psychoanalyst system was designed to help his patients. Ultimately, his system was designed to pro protect the interests of powerful interests, powerful men. Okay, that's my argument to you uh today. Okay. So, having made the general argument, what I want to do now is look at the evidence to support the argument. Okay. So um again this is a chart that summarizes the different perspectives of these four major thinkers Kant Hegel Marx and Freud. Okay so to summarize the main ideas Freud believes that our sexual urges is what underpins our identity as well as civilization. It's because we cannot control our sexual urges that gives rise to religion which helps us um cope with our guilt. Okay. Um he also believes that truth lies and our suppressed memories and in his framework God has abandoned us. There's really no God in his system. We are left to fend for ourselves. We are left to deal with the trauma being alone. All right. So

[Score: 4.56] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth, control | 40 - Civilization #40：  Church and Empire.en
a cathar and to isolate that person. Okay. and the power of the pen, this interrogation method was far more effective than uh the crusades. Right? So this is part of something called the medieval inquisition and this is um something that will repeat itself during the Spanish Inquisition in the um uh the Inquisition against the Protestants. Okay, does that make sense? So again there's this um stereotype or this misconception that the Inquisition was a violent um act but there was very little violence and the reason why is the Catholic Church the doctrine forbids them from spilling blood. Okay. So um but but this was a very thorough very effective way to deal with heretics. Okay. All right. So what brings the crusades to an end? Why did the Catholic Church start to lose power? Okay, so a lot of their power derives from the belief that they represent God, the legitimacy, right? Well, starting in the 14th century, there are a series

[Score: 4.26] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth, control | 03 - Civilization #3：  The Religious Imagination.en
you say the imagination doesn't exist but unfortunately we have structured our society around this idea all science okay when you go to science class they teach you this okay if it's real you can measure it you can see it you can feel it but for most of of of human history we didn't believe that we thought like okay there is a spiritual world and that matters just as much as reality okay in fact it matters Pro it probably matters more than reality okay so the so this is making sense right guys okay okay okay for a month I sat every evening at the Kam moo listening watching okay if I still had little idea of what was going on at least I felt that ear of importance and EXP and see every evening when the woman shut themselves up pretending that they were afraid to see the animal of the forest every evening when the men gathered around the for fire

[Score: 4.26] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth, control | 18 - Civilization #18：  The Great Pyramid as Ancient Egypt's Manhattan Project.en
Eternal peace it was ultimately about mastering the secrets of the universe channeling the power of God in order to create Eternal peace to bring God on Earth and You' also argue that because we've had no major war after World War II fingers crossed they were right okay so that's my argument to you the Egyptians conceptualized and created the Great Pyramid in order to harness the power of God in order to create Eternal peace on Earth to bring an end to history to bring an end to pain suffering and death okay so before I Pro provide the evidence let me explain this theory in general okay and again um this is my theory it's speculation it's imagination but I think it makes sense okay so so let me explain the theory to you the trick is the body of the feral The Mummy okay now if the Pharaoh was divine and Theus believed he was divine then after his death the body

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 52 - Civilization #52：  Empire of Democracy.en
hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal. That they are endowed by the creator with certain unaliable rights. That among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the govern. that whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it. Okay guys, Thomas Jefferson in writing the declaration of independence which is the founding document of the United States. He is just copying word for word basically John Lock spoke the second treaties of government. Okay, this is what John Lock said. We are born with three fundamental rights that God has given us and therefore no one can take away from us. the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of property. Government is instituted, created in order to protect our rights. If government fails to protect

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 54 - Civilization #54：  The German Will to Power.en
Okay, good morning. So today um we will do Germany and thus conclude um our discussion of the four great civilizations that are fighting for global dominance. Uh we previously did Britain, America, Tuesday we did Russia, today we do Germany. So to recap um Russian civilization is very distinct from American uh sorry Anglo-American civilization and German civilization is also distinct as well. We're going to focus on the idea of unity of will in German civilization today. Um, we don't know much about German civilization because they were defeated in World War II and because the Anglo-Americans control the history um of the world um we tend to think Anglo-American civilization is superior to German and Russian civilization. But what I will show you today is that in many respects uh the most advanced civilization that humans have ever created is actually the German civilization. Okay. So, um, if you look at a map today in Europe, there's a really interesting fact that may

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 57 - Civilization #57：  How Modernism Ruined Everything.en
a city there are different rules and it confuses you. For example in the village if someone punches you you punch back and then afterwards you become friends. In a city if someone punches you and you punch back you both go to jail. So it's confusing for people. Uh alienation means that you have actually no freedom in the city. You work from 9 to5. You get up, you get up at six o'clock in the morning, get on at 7 o'clock, then get to work at 9:00, then you get off of work at 5 and get home at 10 o'clock. Okay, so every day is the same re same regulated life and it's um and you lack freedom. Okay, that that causes alienation. The last idea is disenchantment where you feel as though you are just a machine and you have lost human agency. Okay. So these created lots of psychological issues and that's why at this time psych psychology is becoming much

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth | 57 - Civilization #57：  How Modernism Ruined Everything.en
on a patient a scene I was expecting to find in such a way that he seemed to be living through it with all the appropriate feelings. Perhaps others may be more successful in this. When you read Freud, you see him as a very clear, as a very nuanced, as a very balanced thinker. Okay? He accepts there are different possibilities. It's possible that he himself is suggesting false memories to his patients and he and and he says this this is possible, but I have failed to achieve this goal. And there are others who may be better at this than I, but I haven't been able to do it. Okay. So based on this evidence um he argues that these patients must become the truth. Okay. This is the early Freud. Um this is Sandor for the longest time they were colleagues. They were best friends. They were both advocates for for for patients and then um they had a falling out. Okay.

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: science, future, threat, truth, control | 57 - Civilization #57：  How Modernism Ruined Everything.en
evidence suggests this was actually a thing in Vienna in the late 19th century. So um this is so Vienna is part of the AustriaHungary Empire and there are lots of secret societies and religious cults at this time. Okay. One of them is called Frankenism and Frankenism Frankenism Frankenism uh um rejected Jewish norms and he and believe they were obligated to transgress moral boundaries. Okay, remember the crisis of faith, right? How do you demonstrate um your faith in God? How do you know God loves you? How do you know you're faithful? Well, you break taboos. And they were bringing a lot of taboos. The fragrance engaged in sexually promiscuous rights such as the infamous 1756 incident where they were allegedly caught dancing around a half naked woman. Um at its height, fragmentism claimed perhaps 50,000 followers. That's a lot. 50,000 followers is a lot. And a lot of them were powerful people. um primarily Jews living in the Polish Lutheran Commonwealth as

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 57 - Civilization #57：  How Modernism Ruined Everything.en
trying to capture the mind as it thinks and works. Okay, that's different from a from Homer who was very democratic. He was trying to bring beauty and truth to the people through epic poetry. Okay. So, starting with modern literature, we have this abrupt change in the nature of literature. Before it was about empowering people to seek the truth for themselves. Now, modern literature, it's really just this very elite club of very arrogant, hotty people. Okay. Um, James Joyce was good friends Wolf. In fact, Virginia Wolf actually published um James Joyce. In 1927, Wolf published a book called To Lighthouse and it's probably her most famous work and um in it she's also trying to respond to Joyce to the Lighthouse. It's very much based on Homer's Odyssey and um it's it's a very it's extremely well written. Okay, let's let's just look at what she writes. There were the eternal problems, suffering, death, the poor. There was always a woman dying

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 57 - Civilization #57：  How Modernism Ruined Everything.en
mean not to be conspiracy theorist, but let's look at an article, right? Was modern art really a CIA scop? All right. So this article is from JStore which is a academic journal very mainstream and this let's read what it writes in the mid 20th century modern art and design represented the liberalism individualism dynamic activity and creative risk risk possible in a free society. Okay. So in other words right now uh the capitalist west is at war with communism. 1920s, 1930s, 1940s, common is spreading all around the world. It's very popular among people. It calls for collective action. So, um, the capitalist west, the powers that be, they're spreading Freud, they're spreading joy, they're spreading Wolfe, they're spreading Pablo Castle, they're spreading all this art, this modernist art in order to create a cult of self. Because if you believe in the code of the self, if you believe that you are the source of everything, then you don't you're not capable

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 58 - Civilization #57： How Modernism Ruined Everything (Re-upload AUDIO FIXED -- Thanks to Gabriel Bessa).en
to do. Um, but you you move to a city there are different rules and it confuses you. For example, in the village, if someone punches you, you punch back and then afterwards you become friends. In a city, if someone punches you and you punch back, you both go to jail. So, it's confusing for people. Okay. Uh, alienation means that you have actually no freedom in the city. You work from 9 to5, you get up, you get up at 6:00 in the morning, get on at 7:00, then get to work at 9:00. Then you get up for work at 5 and get home at 10:00. Okay? So, everyday is the same reg same regulated life. And it's and it's um and you lack freedom. Okay? Okay, that that causes alienation. The last idea is disenchantment where you feel as though you are just a machine and you have lost human agency. Okay, so this creates lots of psychological issues and that's why

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth | 58 - Civilization #57： How Modernism Ruined Everything (Re-upload AUDIO FIXED -- Thanks to Gabriel Bessa).en
in forcing on a patient a scene I was expecting to find in such a way that he seemed to be living through it with all the appropriate feelings. Perhaps others may be more successful in this. When you read Freud, you see him as a very clear, as a very nuanced, as a very balanced thinker. Okay? He accepts there are different possibilities. It's possible that he himself is suggesting false memories to his patients. And he and he says this this is possible, but I have failed to achieve this goal. And there are others who may be better at this than I, but I haven't been able to do it. Okay. So based on this evidence um he argues that these patients must be telling truth. Okay. This is the early Freud. Um this is Sandor for the longest time they were colleagues. They were best friends. They were both advocates for for for patients and then um they had a falling out.

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: science, future, threat, truth, control | 58 - Civilization #57： How Modernism Ruined Everything (Re-upload AUDIO FIXED -- Thanks to Gabriel Bessa).en
complete. Okay. But there's some piece of evidence suggests this was actually a thing in Vienna in the late 19th century. So um this is so Vienna is part of the AustriaHungary Empire and there are lots of secret societies and religious cults at this time. Okay. One of them is called Frankenism and Frankenism Frankenism Frankenism uh um rejected Jewish norms and he and believe they were obligated to transgress moral boundaries. Okay, remember the crisis of faith, right? How do you demonstrate um your faith in God? How do you know God loves you? How do you know you're faithful? Well, you break taboos. And they were breaking a lot of taboos. The fragrance engaged in sexually promiscuous rights such as the infamous 1756 incident where they were allegedly caught dancing around a half naked woman. Um at its height, fragmentism claimed perhaps 50,000 followers. That's a lot. 50,000 followers is a lot. And a lot of them were powerful people. um primarily Jews

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 58 - Civilization #57： How Modernism Ruined Everything (Re-upload AUDIO FIXED -- Thanks to Gabriel Bessa).en
something called stream of consciousness writing which is it's trying to capture the mind as it thinks and works. Okay, that's different from a from Homer who was very democratic. He was trying to bring beauty and truth to the people through epic poetry. Okay. So starting with modern literature, we have this abrupt change in the nature of literature. Before it was about empowering people to seek the truth for themselves. Now modern literature, it's really just this very elite club of very arrogant, hotty people. Okay. Um James Joyce was good friends Virginia Wolf. In fact, Virginia Wolf actually published um James Joyce in 1927. Wolf published a book called To the Lighthouse and it's probably her most famous work and um in it she's also trying to respond to Joyce to the Lighthouse. It's very much based on Homer's Odyssey and um it's it's a very it's extremely well written. Okay, let's let's just look at what she writes. There were the eternal

[Score: 3.85] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 58 - Civilization #57： How Modernism Ruined Everything (Re-upload AUDIO FIXED -- Thanks to Gabriel Bessa).en
Great. Okay. So why is this art spreading throughout the world? Well, I mean not to be conspiracy theorists, but let's look at an article, right? Was modern art really a CIA scop? All right. So this article is from JStore which is a academic journal very mainstream and this let's read what it writes in the mid- 20th century modern art and design represented the liberalism individualism dynamic activity and creative risk risk possible in a free society. Okay. So in other words right now uh the capitalist west is at war with communism. 1920s, 1930s, 1940s, commis is spreading all around the world, it's very popular among people. It calls for collective collective collective action. So, um, the capitalist west, the powers that be, they're spreading Freud, they're spreading joy, they're spreading wolf, they're spreading public, they're spreading all this art, this modernist art in order to create a cult of self. Because if you believe in the cult of the self, if you

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: science, future, human, truth, control | 40 - Civilization #40：  Church and Empire.en
of their own heart. The Cathars have been laid led astray. It is their responsibility to educate them and to save their souls before they burn in hell for all of eternity. Okay? They do so with compassion, with generosity, with mercy. And so they're fanatical about it. They are absolutely convinced the Cathars have been misled by the devil. So what they will do is they will go and interview Cathars and the entire community. Okay? Now before the community wanted to protect the carthar so they will lie on behalf of the carthars. Okay but with the power of the pen you're able to write everything down if you're able to take testimony. Okay think of a police interrogation you know exactly who's lying and who's telling the truth. So they were really quickly able to identify who was a cathar and to isolate that person. Okay. and the power of the pen, this interrogation method was far more effective than uh the crusades.

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: science, future, threat, truth, control | 41 - Civilization #41：  Dante's Quiet Revolution.en
debate is as we discussed previously it is what underpins the debate within western philosophy even today. today. Okay. Now, what's amazing is that as the two are walking, all right, they're splitting the world into two, right? There are there are those philosophers who support Aristotle and they focus on earthly matters and then there are people who support Plato who focus on spiritual matters on discovering the secrets of the universe. All right. Aristotle is concerned about um everyday science on uncovering the secrets of a reality. Okay, so they're split into two and as you can see there is depth to this painting. Okay, there's a sky to the back. There are these arches and so it's extending forward and so we're being drawn into the picture. That's the power of depth and perception. Um this is Pythagoras. Uh you will know him from from Py Pythagoras uh theorem. But he's first and foremost a spiritualist. He's concerned about mysticism. He's concerned about

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: science, future, human, truth, control | 41 - Civilization #41：  Dante's Quiet Revolution.en
Thomas Aquinus, he's a saint in the Catholic Church. His importance is he's trying to revise Augustine for um a Europe in conflict with Islam. Okay. What what he's really trying to do is he's trying to take the pure Platonic world of Augustine and combine it with Aristotleian science and logic and reason. He's trying to combine faith and reason. Okay? And um so he's trying to update the Catholic Church, but ultimately he doesn't succeed. And the reason why is people don't really understand what he's trying to do. Also, Augustine has been in power for like centuries. And so he's really become part of the culture, the male of Europe. Okay? He's in the air, you breathe. That's the power of culture. The man who will ultimately free Europe from the grass of Augustine is actually Dante. And Dante will do so by for through his poetry. For his poetry, he's going to reimagine the human relationship with God. Okay. So in divine

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 41 - Civilization #41：  Dante's Quiet Revolution.en
me? Okay. The teacher wants you to write a good good evaluation at the end of semester. Okay. Right. And then if you write a good uh evaluation the teacher might get a raise or some reward. Right? And then the last difference and this is the most important difference is this. A good teacher who loves you is always asking am I growing personally and professionally? Am I growing as a person? All right? Because if you're growing, then I'm growing. And if I'm growing, then you're growing. That's the power of love. Okay? When you love others, you're actually loving yourself. And that's how God designed it. But if you're a teacher who does not love, then you always asking how much money am I making? That's how you measure your success in life. Am I making a lot of money? If if I'm making millions of dollars a year, then that means I'm the best teacher in China. Okay? But a really good

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 42 - Civilization #42：  The Protestant Reformation and the Birth of Capitalism.en
a way to resolve the God issue because money is also a symbol. So what you can do mentally is conflate God with money. Money is God. God is money. That makes sense to people, right? And now because you've completed God of money, you can now solve the predestination problem, which is like, oh, how do I know I have faith in God? Because I have a lot of money. Because I spend my entire life accumulating money. And how do I know I'm going to heaven? because I'm rich. The my wealth shows that I have true faith in God. If I have true faith in God, then I must be one of those predestined by God to be the elect. And therefore, I have nothing to worry about. All right? And because of this, the beauty of the system is this. It creates a concept of capitalism. Never before in human history have people people believed that this is a good thing that

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 42 - Civilization #42：  The Protestant Reformation and the Birth of Capitalism.en
system is this. It creates a concept of capitalism. Never before in human history have people people believed that this is a good thing that that you should go accumulate money for the sake of accumulating money. Okay? Before it was always about accumulating money in order to increase your social status. So wealthy people would always spend their money holding community fees. Okay? On giving money to the the poor, on helping the community. So remember Julius Caesar when he died he was the wealthiest man in the world but he gave a third of his money to the poor people of Rome. He gave a third of his money to building parks for Rome. Okay. And the and the the final third went to um is adopted here um Octavian. Okay. All right. But now what's important is that you try to accumulate as much money as possible. Don't waste it because if you waste it it's corruption. It shows you lack of faith

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 42 - Civilization #42：  The Protestant Reformation and the Birth of Capitalism.en
whose wealth is today greater than the richest of the richest? " He's saying the pope is the richest man in Europe. Why doesn't the pope spend this money and build the church himself build just this one church of St. Peter with his own money rather than with the money of poor believers? Okay? Why is he exploiting the poor when he is the richest man in the world? Okay, as you can see and as you can imagine, the cho the church is furious with him and they deem him a heretic and they want to burn him at the stake. But again he's protected by powerful political patrons and they fight a war um over this issue and it ends with something called the peace of Augsburg which divides um the Holy Roman Empire Germany into uh Lutheran uh areas where they are free to believe in Lutheran and Catholic areas where they still adhere to the pope. Okay. So this is the

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 42 - Civilization #42：  The Protestant Reformation and the Birth of Capitalism.en
We estimate maybe about 300,000 joining this rebellion, but they are not educated. They are not organized. They have no weapons and they have no centralized authority and therefore they're all massacred by uh the aostatic armies. Okay. All right. So this is the peasants war and this is important because eventually we will discuss communism and communism will be developed in response to the peasants war. Okay. So this is the deadliest massacre of peasants before the French revolution. Um 1534 is the act of supremacy. That is when the king of England Henry VII declares his independence from the pope. Okay. But because there's such a strong Catholic contingent in England, um Henry VII maintains Catholic practices. But rather than have pope be at the head of the church, he himself is now head of the church. Okay? It's called the church of England now. And the relig religion is called uh England the Anglican religion. Okay. The Anglican religion. All right. Um so

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 42 - Civilization #42：  The Protestant Reformation and the Birth of Capitalism.en
Senate. The Senate is the ultimate authority, right? Uh Catholics believe in justification by works. Uh the Romans believe in piety, right? Respecting tradition. You don't have to believe in these traditions, but you must respect them. All right? So, this is pretty close. I mean, it's not perfect. All right? But this suggests that uh Roman culture had a tremendous influence on development of the Catholic Church. Now, let's look at the pro the Protestants. Okay, they believed in direct access to God through the Bible. Well, the Vikings believed in courage. What is courage? Courage is ex selfexloration to go out into the unknown and figure out things for yourself. Okay? And that's what the Bible is. That's what faith is. To read the Bible by yourself and to interpret the Bible in your own way and you have to do so using emotional and spiritual courage. All right. Egotarianism. So the Vikings had a concept of loyalty and loyalty is basically the idea

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: science, future, human, truth, control | 46 - Civilization #46：  The Revolution of Reason.en
to remember this book, Meditations on First Philosophy. And so he's asking these questions and let's look at let's read a few paragraphs from his book to understand his thinking. Okay. It is some years now since I realized how many false opinions I had accepted as true from childhood onwards and that whatever I had since built on such shaky foundations could only be hotly doubtful. All right. So what he's doing here is is is saying okay I want to know if God exists but first I must ask myself what do I believe and how do I know if it's true or not I must look inside myself all right hence I saw that at some stage in my life the whole structure would have to be utterly demolished and that I would have to begin again from the bottom up if I wish to construct something lasting and unshakable in a sciences and And what he's saying here is that after I

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: science, future, human, truth, control | 46 - Civilization #46：  The Revolution of Reason.en
the bottom up if I wish to construct something lasting and unshakable in a sciences and And what he's saying here is that after I examine my own beliefs, I recognize that most my beliefs are not true. Okay, this is a radical departure from previous traditions where you know something is true because someone really smart said it. Okay, you refer to you you you defer to authority, right? That's a practice here we use in China where well Confucious said this so this must be true. And what Renear is saying is that no that's not true. Okay. I myself have the capacity to know if something is true and I have a responsibility to reflect and question everything I know and through that process of self-doubt, self-examination, I can construct something that is more truthful. Okay? And this is the idea of enlightenment. All right? And this is the idea of of education. You know, when when we try to teach you critical

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 46 - Civilization #46：  The Revolution of Reason.en
by the sovereign power by parliaments and the most solemn treaties. An epoch cannot include a pack that will commit succeeding ages, prevent them from increasing their significant insights, purging themselves of errors, and generally progressing in enlightenment. That would be a crime against human nature whose proper destiny lies precisely in such progress. Okay, this is a radical statement. What he's saying is that I'm I'm of an older generation than you, right? I have absolutely no right to tell you what to think. I can show you possibilities. I can argue with you, but I must not enforce my ideas on you because that would limit human progress. Progress is determined by a new generation's capacity to question and negate a previous generation's ideas. Okay, does that make sense? Right. All right. So, um this is Voltater. Um Voltier I I don't really want to spend too much time on, but Voltater is considered a celebrity of the Enlightenment. Okay? He was very famous

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 46 - Civilization #46：  The Revolution of Reason.en
I I don't really want to spend too much time on, but Voltater is considered a celebrity of the Enlightenment. Okay? He was very famous at that time because he is what we call today a troll. Okay, a troll. Why? Because he's always making fun of the nobility and the clergy, the powers that be. And as such, the middle class basically um worshiped him. Okay, they love his contributions. But he himself was not a very deep thinker. Okay, he himself was not a great thinker. So I don't want to spend too much time on him. All right. Um so let's go move on to Jon Rouso who is the most influential enlightenment thinker in France. It is it is his ideas that will drive the French revolution. Okay. All right. So he wrote a very influential book called a meal. Emil is his treatis on education. How should you best educate children? Okay. All right. So let's just read some basic passages.

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 47 - Civilization #47：  The Passion of Robespierre.en
he gives over 500 speeches in the National Assembly over his career. Um he is extremely virtuous. He's he he comes to Paris with no money and he leaves Paris with no money. his entire career as a lawyer back in his hometown he spent defending the poor and the weak against the powerful and he has very clear ideas about how to to proceed with the revolution based on Jeanjac Rouso. Okay, he sees himself as a disciple of Jeanjac Rouso. Okay, remember last class we looked at Rouso's ideas and and how to implement um a kingdom of reason. Okay, so so so um Roses Pier because he is the most virtuous, he is the most um he has the most conviction, he becomes the de facto leader of the revolution. Okay. uh he becomes head of something called the committee for public safety and it's not a dictator it's not a dictatorship okay he's not a dictator but he's head of a comm

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth | 47 - Civilization #47：  The Passion of Robespierre.en
moment he killed himself, he became a scapegoat, a martyr and a paragon of virtue, a hero to the people. People will feel guilty for having killed him. And now they will transfer this guilt into promoting and saving the revolution. words, the moment that he died, G Rosepier became Jesus. He became in the minds of the French people second coming of Jesus. Does that make sense? Okay. So that's my argument to you today. And so over the the rest of the class we will look at the evidence and actually the best evidence is how Rose Pier died. Okay. So let's compare the death of Jesus and the death of Rose Pier and you will see they match up. They line up perfectly. Okay. So let's look at the death of Jesus. death. Jesus spends his life preaching the truth to the people and trying to build a more just and equal world. But he knows that eventually he must die in order

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth | 47 - Civilization #47：  The Passion of Robespierre.en
be Ropes Pier and who will lead them to final victory against all their enemies. And this person's name is is is who? Who who comes after ropes pier? Napoleon. Do you understand? So Napoleon takes advantage of all this mythology and he uses it in order to become the king of France. Okay, Rose refused to become king but Napoleon will become king and we'll discuss Napoleon next class and this will end our French revolution trilogy. Okay. All right. So right so um this is the main argument. Okay. So I provide basically the basic story but what's important for us is now to look at the evidence. Okay. So we're going to look at the speeches of ropes PR in a context of French revolutionary history. All right. To understand his mentality. Right now, what's really important is for us to understand his psych psychology and ask ourselves if if g if Wilspir really believed he was Jesus or a prophet, then do

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 47 - Civilization #47：  The Passion of Robespierre.en
my fate. Okay? And these are his last words. Why should I where should live under system where intrigue triumphs over truth where justice is a lie where the basis passions and the most ridiculous of terrors supersede in man's heart the most sacred duties. Why should I regret to escape from the eternal torture of seeing this horrible secession of traitors who by concealing the turpitude of their souls under the veil of virtue and even of friendship will leave prosperity in doubt which was the greater their cowardice or their crimes. You members of the national assembly were elected to serve the people. You have only served yourself. You have only fought for your own economic interests. And because you see me as a threat, you see Rose Pierre as a man of purity, of virtue, of reason. You conspire against me. And I am happy to be condemned to death because it will liberate me from this evil world that you have created.

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 48 - Civilization #48：  Napoleon's Empire of Myth.en
incredible to watch. Also, there's a very famous battle during this time where Dvau um he's a court leader and he gets lost and he ends up fighting the entire Prussian Prussian Prussian army. Okay, you you know about this battle, right? Um and he's out number two to one. He wins the battle. DVO is able to win uh out number two to one against the main Prussian army led by the king himself. Okay. So this is a radical revolution in military affairs. The French by using the system is able to dominate Europe for uh most of Napoleon's reign. Okay. But but and what this does is and this is really important is this because the French are dominating the battlefield it forces the other European powers to make fundamental changes to society because the French of the French revolution these sides are forced to become more liberal and democratic and open and progressive in order to defeat Napoleon. So after 1806 the

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 48 - Civilization #48：  Napoleon's Empire of Myth.en
bulldozing the French. Right. Napoleon is saved because another French army is able to come in and save them. Okay. So Napoleon is taking all these stupid risk uh for no particular reason and has all to create a mythology of himself as this great conqueror because what he recognizes is I don't have to win this battle because I control the government. When I'm when I go back to France, I'll just tell everyone I won and everyone will believe me. But what's important is action. Okay, I need action in order to create create create mythology. All right. So after the Satan campaign, what he does next is um create a legend of himself as a new messiah who will lead the French people into the promised land. Okay. Um this is the battle of Moringo where Napoleon should have been destroyed but he got lucky again and in 1804 he makes himself emperor of France. And this now destroys the revolution because the

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 48 - Civilization #48：  Napoleon's Empire of Myth.en
we live in today without the French Revolution. Okay, it is probably the most significant event in uh human history. All right, so let me conclude now by talking about these great figures that have emerged in human history and compare them. Okay, so as I mentioned at the beginning of the class without Rose Pier Napoleon would not have been possible, right? So this chart shows us how you compare Rose Pier and Napoleon. Rose Pier obtained his power through virtue and dedication. He worked 18 hours a day. He was completely dedicated to the revolution. He had no girlfriend. He had no money. He was not being paid for his work. All he was doing was to ensure the revolution would succeed. And because of of his dedication and virtue, the revolution was was saved and it succeeded. Okay. So rose pier the French revolution would not have been possible. Um he was a prophet of reason. He believed that everyone had the capacity

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 48 - Civilization #48：  Napoleon's Empire of Myth.en
So rose pier the French revolution would not have been possible. Um he was a prophet of reason. He believed that everyone had the capacity to reason. So if you present the our logical argument, people would understand it. Okay. And that was both the source of his virtue, but it was also the source of his downfall because he he could not imagine that his friends would conspire against him because they wanted to protect their own self-interest. Okay. And the third thing about Rose Pierre that's important is he saved the French Revolution. Now, let's compare him with Napoleon. Okay. Who's complete opposite? Napoleon got to where he was because of political maneuvering. He was able to identify um political patrons early in his career and he did whatever they asked of him and then together they launched a coup d'eta against the French Republic and after keta succeeded he betrayed his political allies he amassed power for himself that's how he became emperor

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 48 - Civilization #48：  Napoleon's Empire of Myth.en
coup d'eta against the French Republic and after keta succeeded he betrayed his political allies he amassed power for himself that's how he became emperor okay so Napoleon he's a great politician we think of him as a general but he's really a politician um the thing about Napoleon that made him so successful is his mythmaking genius. He understood that people are looking for myths and he knew how to present himself as a mythic figure like the Messiah. Okay? And as a result, he destroyed the French Republic. Now, what's interesting is that if you look at human history, figures like Napoleon appear always at the end of a republic. Okay? So, the French, so Napoleon killed the French Republic, but they have Julius Caesar who is of the same personality. Okay? Julius Caesar was able to identify political patrons very early on and outmaneuver them as a mass power. Julius Caesar was focused on creating a myth of himself as this unbeatable general

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 48 - Civilization #48：  Napoleon's Empire of Myth.en
He spends all his time talking to the press. That's his job. Okay, do you understand? His job is not to think about economics or military matters. his job is to talk to the press and create an image of himself as a messiah to the American people. Okay. So the question then is okay well listen if we see this pattern Napoleon Caesar Hitler are the same person the results are the same and Trump is similar to Napoleon Caesar and Hitler what's going to happen I don't know okay right but okay and this is really important if in fact in the next 10 years and it will probably take 10 years if Trump actually destroys the American republic okay then a pattern pattern emerges in history. All right? And if this pattern is consistent, now we're able to control history because we're able to foresee and predict history. Okay? So, that's the idea. Okay, that's that's it. Any questions? What was this clear

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 48 - Civilization #48：  Napoleon's Empire of Myth.en
control history because we're able to foresee and predict history. Okay? So, that's the idea. Okay, that's that's it. Any questions? What was this clear to you guys? All right, good. Rose Pier Rose being so ob okay that's a great question okay why did Napoleon succeed where Rose Pier failed okay okay I I so the difference is this if I'm Rose Pier I believe everyone's capable of reason right therefore you have a responsibility to reason for yourself you understand I will give you ideas but you must come to your own conclusions you must act independently of me. Okay. And Napoleon's like, "No, no, no. People don't want to think. People want to believe. People want to obey. If I present myself as Messiah and I tell people, follow me and I will lead you to paradise. People want to follow me. " Okay? And and and people love this confidence, right? This charisma, this confidence of Napoleon. Think of Trump, right? May

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, control | 51 - Civilization #51：  Shakespeare's Language of Empire.en
of the American understanding of the world. It is God's will that America will eventually control all the entire Western Hemisphere. Canada will eventually come into America as well and eventually America will drive out all European powers including Denmark and Britain from the Western Hemisphere. Okay. So next class we'll discuss uh America in greater detail. Today we will focus on the British Empire which is founded by William Shakespeare. Okay. So we will discuss William Shakespeare today. Uh next week we'll start to focus on the Russians and the Germans. Okay. These are the four great civilizations that will drive history from from the 19th century up to today. Okay. And I will also show you later on that it is actually the conflict between these four great civilizations that will drive human creativity. Science, technology, um philosophy. Okay. And that's why from about 1800 up until um 2000 you had a tremendous flowering of ideas and culture. Okay. All right. So that's the

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 51 - Civilization #51：  Shakespeare's Language of Empire.en
paper. Didn't really get us anywhere. Okay. The fact of the matter is that in England, you're expected to read and know Shakespeare, right? So, it's Shakespeare that allows the British to have amazing English. All right? So, this is very complicated, but it's actually not that deep. Okay? It's not like Dante. Dante is very, very deep, but Shakespeare is actually not that deep. All right? So, let's look at what it actually means with these words. Okay? To be or not to be, that is the question. Against the misfortune in our lives, is it more brave and good to bear it or to stand against it? I no longer want to bear this pain. Let me sleep. I no longer want to feel my heartache and my body become weak and injured. That is my wish. I want to sleep and to dream. But that is a danger, isn't it? When we are dead, we cannot control what we dream. And that is

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 51 - Civilization #51：  Shakespeare's Language of Empire.en
War. And his friends, Brutus, Casius, um they're worried that he'll become a dictator. They're they're worried that he he'll become king. So, they plot to kill him. and Brutus and Casius and all the conspirators kill um Julius Caesar and then Brutus and Cas think this is over. Okay. But Mark Anthony who is Caesar's lieutenant, he swears vengeance and Mark Anthony and Octavian will combine forces to destroy and kill Brutus and Cases. And that's the plot of Julius Caesar. Not very complicated, okay? But in Julius Caesar you will find some of the greatest speeches in the English language. It's stunning speeches. Okay. And in the speeches you will find example of how Shakespeare understands language as a surgery on the brain. How through speech making, how through language you can actually transform the neur neurological structure of the human brain. Okay. So let's look at an example of this. Mark Anthony and Brutus are going to engage in a speech competition. They're

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: science, future, human, truth, control | 53 - Civilization #53：  Dostoevsky and the Soul of Russia.en
killed Hector and then he started to mutilate Hector's body. And after he did so, you would think he would found relief and ctharsis. But it only made him even more depressed, more miserable. Okay, so this is what Homer and Dosski is telling us. Don't try to reason things out. You try to re reason things out, it will only make you miserable because the truth is not within reason. Okay? The truth is within the human heart. Why does my action strike them as so horrible? He said to himself, "Is it because it was a crime? What is meant by crime? My conscience is at rest. Of course, it was a legal crime. Of course, the letter of the law was broken and blood was shed. Well, punish me for the letter of the law and that's enough. Of course, in that case, many of the benefactors of mankind who snatched power for themselves instead of inheriting ought to have been punished at

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 59 - Civilization #58：  Birth of the Nation-State.en
it was only uh until the founding of Israel that the Jews had a nation state uh today uh there are many peoples including the Kurds who are a people living in the Middle East they are a nation but they don't have a state okay and this idea of the nation state um it is probably the most powerful ideology in human history. Um, it has led people to tremendous achievements, but it's also led people to catastrophic wars, including World War I and World War II. All right. So, first thing I want to do is go over where this idea comes from. And in many ways it is the culmination of um different religious, economic and social cultural factors. Okay. So let's look at them individually. Religion. All right. Um so as we discussed last class with the Protestant Reformation there is now a crisis of faith because Christianity creates the idea of the individual. The individual is in direct connection with God.

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 59 - Civilization #58：  Birth of the Nation-State.en
shows your faith in God. Okay? And this gives us the idea of the enlightenment. Sorry, Right? Then others have said, "Nope, God is the individual itself. Okay. So, as long as you believe in yourself, as long as you engage in a process of self-discovery and self-growth, then that will lead you into heaven. And this was most famous famous famously proposed and we discussed this last class by Freud and Yun. And this has become the basis for what we call modernism, right? which is still with us us us today. today. Um and then there's proposed another solution to this problem and it's the idea that God is in the nation. All right? And it turns out that of all these ideas, the most powerful, the most resilient, the most enduring is this this this idea that by celebrating your nation, you are celebrating your faith in God. Why? Because the other solutions propose a problem. And it and the problem um it

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: science, future, threat, truth, control | 59 - Civilization #58：  Birth of the Nation-State.en
um after French revolution there was something called the commerce of Vienna in 1815 where the monarchs of Europe basically decided to never fight again. And this was a successful model until 1848 when the people rebelled against them. Okay. Um and but the nation stayed because it is almost like a new religion. It wants standardization and systemization. It wants everyone to buy into the nation state and as a result it's expensive. It's it's either expensive outwards or it's in expensive inwards. Okay. Um does that make sense guys? All right. Um so let's look at some evidence or support for uh this argument. So this is a really good book called Seeing Like a State by James Scott published by Yale University uh press. Fantastic book. Okay, if you are interested in this stuff, I highly recommend you read this book. And he explains how uh the nation say comes about because of process of systemization andization created by all the social forces

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 59 - Civilization #58：  Birth of the Nation-State.en
critical of taboss and to base decisions on authority of their own intelligence. So what he argues is for peace to happen, for peace to ultimately um thrive in this world, we need to celebrate the individual rather than the nation. Also, we need to be skeptical of these grand theories of human history. Okay, we need to avoid Hegel. We definitely want need to avoid Marx, but also Plato. These are the three baddies of the western tradition. Plato, Hegel, and Marx because they're anti-democratic, they're anti-individual, but also they have a theological view of history of things that's moving towards the final end. Um, that is a megalomaniacal view to understand the world. We need to be skeptical. Okay, we need to incrementally make change society. And so what he's really doing is he is proposing that Anglo-American civilization is far superior, far more scientific, far more advanced than both Russian and German civilization. Okay, that's what he's really doing. And that's and that's

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 60 - Civilization #59：  The Man of Steel.en
confess and this would cement his power. All right. So let's summarize what we what we've discussed and think about how Stalin won it all. Okay. So there are five reasons. Okay. The first reason is from an early age he won a charge of powerful patrons, criminal um um like mafia bosses, secret police heads, uh revolutionaries, right? And then he was actually loyal to them until he it was no expedience. What's amazing about silent is he made everyone believe that he was loyal to them personally and absolutely okay that's that's his absolute power. Second is he always was able to identify capable subordinates and he promote them selflessly. Okay, so that's really important. Third reason is he understand silence can be more powerful than great speechm. Do not become too wedded to ideas and positions and let others despise you. So Lman Lennin and Leon Trosky were tremendous orators. Okay, they were brilliant. The problem though is that by making these speeches

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 60 - Civilization #59：  The Man of Steel.en
in the blitz crack okay but when the doctrine of war failed um they couldn't adapt okay so the German doctrine of war is called blitz crack and the idea of blitzk is you very quickly cut off the head and the body collapses you basically go in and you destroy the command and control center of of the military. That's what happened throughout Europe in the late 30s, right? That's what happened to France. In only about, you know, a few weeks, uh, Germany was able to cut off the command center of the French military and cause the French military to collapse. But the problem Soviet Union is that it's huge and there's really no command control center. So what was happening was even the Germans were destroying the Soviets, they were wondering around the um around Russia pointlessly for many many months. Okay? They really didn't have a plan because the plan was always to destroy the head of the snake. But if

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 61 - Civilization #END：  The Decline and Fall of the American Empire.en
the financial system which means to privatize or make independent the central bank. Okay. So, how do central bankers work? Well, let's let let's let's let's do an experiment, okay? Let's let's use a thought experiment. Let's just say I'm a central bank and you and I'm trying to get you to become addicted to my power, right? So, what I do is this. I say to you, "Hey, here's $10,000. " And you're like, "Okay, and what do you want for $10,000? " I'm like, "Nothing. Just go enjoy yourself. " So, so you take that $10,000 and you go go on vacation to Hawaii. You live in a fivestar hotel. You're really happy. You come back and he says, "That was great. Can I get more money? " And I'm like, "Here, here's a million dollars. Go and enjoy yourself. " And you're like, "What do you want for it? " I'm like, "Nothing. Just go enjoy yourself. " So, you go. But this

[Score: 3.80] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 61 - Civilization #END：  The Decline and Fall of the American Empire.en
to be a def defensive alliance. But if that's the case, then why is it that the Nordstream pipeline got destroyed? Remember the Nordstream pipeline it sends cheap gas from Russia to Germany. The German economy is use cheap Russian resources primarily gas uh manufacturing the best cars in the world and sell to China. Okay. But because of this war in Ukraine, um America not only limited um basically embargoled uh Russian gas to Germany which destroyed the Russian economy, but some people even say that the Americans destroy the pipeline. Okay, so the Americans are attacking their own allies. Um Trump has said that Americans should take over Greenland and Canada. Why? because they're wealthy, they have lots of resources, and also they don't have really strong militaries, right? Trump, he he's like a mafia godfather. America's behaving like a mafia system today. today. Um, now what America is doing is it's forcing Europe to rearm itself. So, so this is Germany and Germany,

[Score: 3.75] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 49 - Civilization #49：  The Dutch Golden Age and the Rise of the Middle Class.en
stupid pointless wars all around Europe. And he was fighting the Ottomans. He was fighting um um uh the French. uh he was even fighting the Catholic Church because he wanted to be stronger and and have more authority than the pope and he was paying for these wars through with this gold but also uh by borrowing uh and so at the end of the 16th century Spain even though it was at this point in history the most powerful empire the wealthiest empire with the largest army it went bankrupt basically. All right. So this system was was a disaster for Spain. Okay. Another issue is um because of of of feudalism, the Spanish nobility thought it was beneath them to work hard. They believed that it was um uh contemptuous to to exert yourself to be a noble means to sit back and enjoy life. Okay. So this money um was a disaster for Spain. So um to understand what happened, just think

[Score: 3.75] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 55 - Civilization #55：  Kant, Hegel, and the Theory of Everything.en
child. It could be your best friend. But love that person and when you love that person then all three thing all three things are true. It means you are now going to be your best. It means you are treating this person with respect. It means that you're choosing to love this person. Okay. So um love is the unifying force of the universe. All right. So that's what Dante is really saying. And so in other words, Kant, he is just systemizing what Dante said, Divine Comedy. All right, does that make sense? All right. So, um, for us to better understand D, uh, Kant's argument, I want to give you three examples to better understand what Kant is saying. All right, the first example is imagine you are writing a diary. All right, I want you to write a diary for a whole year. So every day you're writing what happened today. All right, so you have 365 365 365 separate entries. Okay?

[Score: 3.75] Arcs: science, future, human, truth, control | 55 - Civilization #55：  Kant, Hegel, and the Theory of Everything.en
minds? And K says we don't know. It's it's just there. And the third is uniformity. How do we know what we see is consistent with each other? And Khan says we don't know but we have to believe it. Okay, otherwise the world doesn't make any sense. How is it possible uh that without uniformity you can have mathematics and science? Okay, but it doesn't re but again the problem with Kant is this is not satisfying right? So Hegel is going to come along and he's going to provide a theory of everything. He's going to resolve these three issues for Kant and create an entire system of thought that encompasses everything. Okay. So, so let's now move on to Hegel. So, Hegel's major major major um insight is what if as we're perceiving the nana, the nman is projecting back onto us. So it becomes a source for our ability to perceive the nomina. Okay. The so in other words the nina is

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 03 - Civilization #3：  The Religious Imagination.en
pretending we think they're playing what do they think we think they're pretending we think they're playing what do they think it's all true you understand for them their religion is more true than this world okay that's a power of the human imagination you can imagine a world and this world as long as many of you are Imaging it together it's more true more powerful more real than this world that's a power of religion okay what we call the religious imagination and we'll see this over and over again in human history okay does that make sense guys Okay so we've been taught that oh you can't see it it must be pretending it must be make believe but for most of human history for most people this is not playing this is not pretending it's true it's real it's what allows ows us to be close to God okay God is real this world we live in it's not real okay does

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 05 - Civilization #5：  The Yamnaya Conquest of Europe.en
they're still friends maybe uh they'll exchange wives exchange presence okay so this is a process of social Evolution that has created the most innovation in human history so in Chinese history this most resembles what period in Chinese history which part of Chinese history does this process where you have many different people in open competition with each other but still learning from each other this period in Chinese history is called exactly right and that's the and that's where most of Chinese Innovation creativity came from from that period confusious came from that period laa okay a lot of major intellectual breakthroughs came from that period okay but not only uh the tun of China as we move on we will also look at two other major periods where there was a major Outburst of innovation and they have very similar social structure as like this okay okay so we will also be studying the Greek city states in fact we will spend a

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 07 - Civilization #7：  Homer's Iliad and the Birth of Greek Civilization.en
why is at this time Greece was very poor okay if you're very poor you need everyone to participate and work hard especially in battles against other polies so the rule was you could be rich or poor but if you fought for us you had the right to speak okay you could be the leader of this polus and you have the right to speak but if you you could be the poorest person in this polish and you still had the right to speak because everyone had a responsibility to defend the polus okay so this introduced the idea of democracy and what this meant was that everyone basically had to participate participate participate politically so you could be farmer but you still have to think about the political life and you still had a responsibility to speak up in front of your peers okay and this is where we get the idea of polus from and this was a major driver of innovation

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 07 - Civilization #7：  Homer's Iliad and the Birth of Greek Civilization.en
his legacy and that's what made the Greeks unique in human history because only the society put poets first and foremost at the top and no other Society did so okay in China was the complete opposite because if you're a small official what you're most afraid of is independent thinking okay so censorship censorship was their main role okay controlling how people thought through censorship and that's why China never really produced a homer or a great thinker thinker thinker okay doesn't make sense right but and so this is going to be strange but it's only because Greece got destroyed by the at the end of the Bronze Age it became decentralized it lived in poor that they could then become a great civilization it was only through destruction that they could have the polis the alphabet and Homer okay and that's the main message of human history it's through destruction that we have Innovation and it's only through this process that human beings

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 09 - Civilization #9：  Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides as Prophets of Democracy.en
is just a wild sex party right so these are the two major interpretations that it is that the it's about the power and dangers of religious devotion fanaticism okay um and also the play Bey it's a direct attack on the idea of theater itself and democracy okay but I don't see it that way I think the most likely explanation for me is it is a direct criticism of Empire okay and you can believe whatever you want that's a power of Athenian theater there are different ways to interpreted okay so even today modern audiences are still amazed and inspired by these plays any any more questions great good question okay so Revenge okay you're right in that all these plays have the idea of Revenge okay and the reason why is if you think think about human motivation what really drives us right what really drives us to violence what's revenge okay so revenge is the main plot device we use to

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 10 - Civilization #10：  The Trial of Socrates and Plato's Allegory of the Cave.en
uh Hegel and they are not readable okay they're just not but Plato anyone can read Plato and enjoy Plato okay so his readability um the orig origin originality of his writing is one really good reason why uh he uh remains so popular today second is um he is extremely anti uh Democratic okay his thinking is because like remember the most traumatic event in his life was the death of his mentor Socrates and so it's Athan democracy who killed his mentor so he passionately hates hates hates democracy okay well you know who else hates hates hates democracy Kings hate democracy and throughout most of human history Kings rule the world right so what's amazing about Plato is he's the only writer in human history who has been read continuously for 2,000 years does that make sense we lost Homer for a bit uh we lost uh the play rights ises sopes Andes for a long time but Plato has always been read

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 10 - Civilization #10：  The Trial of Socrates and Plato's Allegory of the Cave.en
censorship sensorship it's not really just about changing the past it's also about uh eliminating most of the past right okay it was very common it was very common for Greeks to think they should rule the world was just very common so Plato himself um actually went to a place called called called Syracuse um Syracuse is a city um on the island of Sicily it's very prosperous and the king of CIS of ccus invited Plato to come counsel him on how to be a tyrant a good Tyrant right he wanted to be like a philosopher king then Plato basically said to him well you should let me be the king and then you will have a philosopher king and of course the king of SES didn't like this idea so he uh almost killed Plato okay but Plato had very again Plato has very wealthy friends and and he was very rich himself so he basically Ransom his way out of Syracuse

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, control | 11 - Civilization #11：  The Greatness of Philip II of Macedon.en
people there are united right they're not divide they're United and what else they're obedient right they listen to what the government tells them to do and last thing is they're hungry they will work very hard for very little okay you understand so it is possible that in 20 years time North Korea overtakes South Korea because its people are willing to work harder than the South Korean people okay doesn't make sense so um evidence for this is that right now North Korea is sending weapons and soldiers to the war in Ukraine doesn't make sense so when you do that you make a lot of money for yourself right and so with this money you can upgrade your military and then what you can do is threaten South Korea okay North Korea can say to South Korea our military is not stronger than your military and what will self create do do in in in response you think North Korea is like we're

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: science, future, human, truth, control | 13 - Civilization #13：  Aristotle and the Greek Legacy.en
Egyptians saw exander as a God as a son of a God right so to establish legitimacy in Egypt Tomy went on a mil military Expedition and stole the body of Alexander which started something called um the war of the diai okay basically the successor Wars that's the first thing he did so thing that he did was he established a new capital in Alexandria called Alexandria okay so this was um mainly a Greek city it was a new Greek city founded by Alexander and that this is where they house Alexander's body the third thing that he did was he started to to sponsor something call we call the uh today the musion okay the Mion um is the root of the English word m Museum but the museon was really the world's first research University so Tommy and his heers brought together the greatest Greek scholars in the world to basically continue the work of Aristotle to standardize and systemize Greek culture

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 16 - Civilization #16：  Julius Caesar's Will and Octavian's Birth of Empire.en
do anything for power and again this is true there is some truth to this but guess what in the Roman World everyone was ruthless right Mark Anthony was especially ruthless Mark Anthony killed his own wife okay so that doesn't explain it fourth is um the legions the army they remembered Caesar Julius Caesar and now that Octavian is considered the son of Julius Caesar the legions swore loyalty to him and that is true okay but they also swore loyalty to Mark Anthony and you can argue Mark anthy had a stronger claim to Cesar's Legacy than Octavian so that by itself doesn't explain it either next explanation is Marcus Marcus Marcus agria and Marcus agria is considered um octavian's partner and he was considered a great General and it was actually Marcus AG gria who was responsible for all of octavian's major uh military victories especially the Battle of actium which which basically ended the Civil Civil Civil War and this again is

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, control | 18 - Civilization #18：  The Great Pyramid as Ancient Egypt's Manhattan Project.en
question which is why is it like my interpretation is so radically different from the mainstream academic interpretation okay and I want to propose the way that our minds work today are rly different from the way that the minds of people like the Egyptians worked okay for three reasons today the Egyptian people had a a preliterate mind they also had a pre uh science mind also pre capitalistic okay so let me explain preliterate is very simple it just means they didn't read and write they just spoke and we are taught the literate mind is more powerful than the oral mind but that's not true okay if you think about it the oral mind works through imagination the your mind um is capable of tremendous memory because back then in order to do anything you have to memorize a lot of information now we can just um go online right so their minds even though were preliterate they were much more imaginative than

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: science, threat, human, truth, control | 24 - Civilization #24：  Resurrecting the Gnostic Jesus.en
to death um so what happens you're you're on the cross and eventually you start to lose power and you start to you can't even hold up your neck okay so you're suffocating to death because you can't breathe it takes about three days to die so it's really the worst way to die okay and that's what happened to Jesus and historically this is all that we know about him okay this is what's been confirmed by Scholars by archaeologists by researchers Jesus is the most studied individual in human history no one comes close but we we we really don't know much about him okay all right so now that we looked at the Historical Jesus let's look at the biblical Jesus because these are two very different individuals so Jesus in the Bible is the Son of God okay the Son of of of God and he's in heaven enjoying his life but he sees the world Underneath Him and he pies us

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth | 27 - Civilization #27：  Augustine's Empire of God.en
them the testimony of their conscience they have this in the sight of God if you were raped but you didn't you not consent to it don't worry because God knows and and so God will forgive but if you kill yourself that's committing wrong against God okay so this argument um I mean it's really gaslighting okay and he does this a lot in his um in his thing in in his logic okay he's really gaslighting he's making certain points about the nature of humans okay first of all we each and every one of us is God's Property we are not free of oursel we are God's Property therefore when we cure ourselves we are offending God okay that's the first thing second thing that he's saying is we can do no good because we are burdened by our pride and our sin if we choose to act we can only do wrong okay so what he's saying is this if you are

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 28 - Civilization #28：  Muhammad's Revolution of God.en
because you're a Trader you go everywhere and you bring back not just Goods but stor stories and information they know everything about the world they know exactly what's happening in the bis Empire they know exactly what's happening in Assassin Empire even though most people don't know what's happening in the desert okay also because you're traitors they're extremely open-minded and and and Cosmopolitan they have no prejudices they have to be friends of everyone and the third thing is big are Traders they have to constantly learn new new new information okay so that's the first unique characteristic about the Aran Peninsula at this time these are open-minded Cosmopolitan people who are constantly absorbing new information new knowledge to better their society the second thing about the Arabian peninsula is that it's a war Society you don't have cities you don't have centralized control just all just tribes okay just different Clans different families fighting each other so honor is very important if you

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 30 - Civilization #30：  Dante as the Second Coming of Homer.en
what love is then just as flames Ascend because the form of fire was fashioned to fly up word toward the stuff to its own spear where it lasts longer okay so you can understand that what Virgil uses is lot of natural imagery okay fire so these are things beyond our control right we are consumed by our lust and our love for this woman so does the soul when sees move into longing emotion of the spirit never resting till the belov thing has made it joyous we have to possess it if we don't possess it then we will be depressed now you can plainly see how deeply hidden truth is from scrutinous who would insist that every love is in itself praiseworthy okay there's some people who believe that love is beautiful no no no it depends on who you love okay and they are led to error by the matter of love because it may seem always good but not each

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth | 35 - Civilization #35：  The Viking Legacy.en
the burial and that's where the culture expresses itself and what I will show you in next class is these burials they're meant to send the dead into the Afterlife okay and that's very important what's really important important um and why they have this pageantry or ritual in the funeral process is it's really about um memorizing that person into the larger culture making sure that everyone remembers the contributions of that person and having that person contribute eternally into the overall culture okay if that makes sense right but again as as as you know most of these great have not been duck up so right now we are making some rudimentary guesses based on the available available available evidence evidence evidence okay all right any more questions before I continue okay so so I know this is a lot to take in but we are spending two classes on this and hopefully uh this will make more sense to you as we move

[Score: 3.55] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth | 36 - Civilization #36：  Memory of the Norse.en
through this interaction he began to Grapple with what it means to be a human what is the human project and what he believes and what most actually anthropologists believe is to be human is to ask these three three three questions where do we come from why are we here where we going okay and that's ultimately what Norse mythology is trying to Grapple with as well okay so again we know our evidence or understanding of the Vikings comes from archaeology so we are able to dig up their graves and what we discover is and it's very interesting is that each grave is unique okay and it seems that each grave in its own way is telling telling a story about who this person is it's like this grave was not meant just to send this individual into the afterworld but also to remember him or her and his or her achievements and life okay so um let's look at some reconstruction of

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth | Civ Agriculture
circle right so for example um right now it's summer it's going to turn into fall then winter then spring then summer again okay so the world history moves in a cycle well human life also moves in a cycle you're born you die then you're reborn then you die again then you're reborn again okay so back then they really didn't care if you die in fact if you're an old person you're probably like you know what I rather be dead and then so if I'm if I die I'll either be reborn or I'll go into the spirit World okay so they didn't really fear death or they really didn't see death like the way we saw death yeah okay that's a great question okay so the evidence for this is what we understand about their religion which we we will discuss later on and in next class okay all right um the last so that leaves religion as the most likely uh

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth | 01 - Civilization #1：  Explaining Humanity's Transition to Agriculture.en
circle right so for example um right now it's summer it's going to turn into fall then winter then spring then summer again okay so the world history moves in a cycle well human life also moves in a cycle you're born you die then you're reborn then you die again then you're reborn again okay so back then they really didn't care if you die in fact if you're an old person you're probably like you know what I rather be dead and then so if I'm if I die I'll either be reborn or I'll go into the spirit World okay so they didn't really fear death or they really didn't see death like the way we saw death yeah okay that's a great question okay so the evidence for this is what we understand about their religion which we we will discuss later on and in next class okay all right um the last so that leaves religion as the most likely uh

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: science, future, human, truth, control | 02 - Civilization #2：  Religion and the Dawn of Society.en
it's not doesn't exist okay it's something that we our minds made up so our reality is something that we imagine every day okay does that make sense now what's really interesting is that Emanuel K was writing maybe over 20 years ago okay and today we have a new science called Neuroscience okay Neuroscience is the study of the brain and what's really amazing okay and we will discuss this in future classes is that Neuroscience has confirm Iman meaning like we now know that the brain imagines reality okay it projects reality does that make sense so what drugs do is they change the structure of your brain so that you you see a different different different reality okay does that make sense guys so that's what drugs do and so when they see a different reality maybe they're seeing symbols okay so that's a second thing about symbols in art the last thing is um these symbols are mysterious right and M mystery

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: science, future, human, truth, control | 04 - Civilization #4：  The Paradise Lost of Marija Gimbutas.en
what makes it strange is that for most of human history we were lactose intolerant meaning we did not have the ability to drink milk so these people not only did they invent the wheel but they changed their system biological system so that they became lactose tolerant they now have the capacity to drink milk okay does that make sense so whoever these people are are the first people to drink cow milk okay the second characteristic sorry the third characteristic is they really don't have that many agricultural terms okay so maybe they farmed but they weren't um focused on farming okay whereas other cultures were focused on farming okay that's the third thing the fourth thing is is they have words for horse and this is important because this tells us that they were first to domesticate the horse meaning that they could control the horse okay this is important because throughout history horses if they see a human they run away okay

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth | 04 - Civilization #4：  The Paradise Lost of Marija Gimbutas.en
into these cows did you understand uh no no if you drink milk a lot uh your bones will be healthier and you'll grow taller okay that that's just biological evidence okay does that make sense but the milk we drink today um we put a lot of chemicals into the milk and the sourcing of the milk uh is from factories okay and and and the reason why is we want to make the milk cheaper but it's worse for you okay so in other words if you really want to be healthy what you you should do is go buy a cow and drink from that cow okay do you understand all right okay so so are we clear okay all right now what's really interesting is the domestication of the horse Okay so again there's a gene in the horse for accessibility okay basically the horse is programmed to run away if it sees danger a human being and it took us about

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: science, future, threat, truth, control | 06 - Civilization #6：  Elite Overproduction and the Bronze Age Collapse.en
three major events are um natural disasters or so basically earthquakes so we have archaological evidence that there was a series of earthquakes in this region at this time which destabilized the region okay so earthquakes happen we also have evidence of climate change okay so the weather became cooler over the course of this period which meant that it was harder to grow crops okay and we also have evidence evidence evidence of Eternal Revolt okay meaning that people rebelled against the elite overthrew overthrew overthrew Kings and there was a lot of war and violence okay so the the theory that we have today is what caused the bran H collapse was a perfect storm basically a multiple factors which led to systems collapse okay does that make sense guys any questions so far are we clear all right so one thing that you have made you that you have made notice in this class is that I have a very different understanding of

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 15 - Civilization #15：  The Myth-Making Genius of Julius Caesar.en
is the imagination that was julius's secret power his imagination he was able to imagine himself as different people at once and therefore he was different people at once he had multiple personalities personalities personalities and that's why he was so unpredictable that's why he was able to understand the motivations of his opponents and that's why he was able to accomplish so much okay does that make sense okay and so he became a mythmaker the problem with being a mythmaker is you ultimately have to change change change reality and by changing reality you make people who are accustomed to reality uncomfortable uncomfortable uncomfortable okay and so that's why he was killed by not his enemies but by his friends okay so there were four major conspirators against Julius Caesar they were Decimus Buddhist who is basically uh who was basically Caesar's lieutenant in war you had tonius again another major Lieutenant of Caesar but you also had casassus and casassus was actually fighting

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: science, future, human, truth, control | 22 - Civilization #22：  The Literary Genesis of the Yahwist.en
Jacob because Jacob Israel gives his name to the new nation of Israel the second most important person or tribe is Abraham because he's the progenitor of this family okay and third will be Isaac and in fact in the Bible Isaac receives the the least amount of attention attention attention Okay but the synchronization process also helps us explain explain explain Moses because we've been looking for hundred years and we have not found any evidence that MO Moes ever existed or anyone like Moses existed in Egypt okay so what's Moses doing well what Moses is doing is explaining why there are Egyptian priests in the nation of Israel right and why are priests important because if you're David and you're now King you want to create legitimacy and you want to create Authority and the best way you create Authority is by centralizing your power back then the best and easiest way to centralize power is by centralizing religious ritual does that make

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 22 - Civilization #22：  The Literary Genesis of the Yahwist.en
for the rest of my life right so he's like I need to figure out how to get out of this deal right so that's why he tricks tricks tricks Jacob we can also figure out that Rachel and Jacob love each other their love is the greatest love in the world because first of all Jacob's willing to put up with this crap for another seven years in order to be with Rachel right second of all Rachel is willing to wait for Jacob she could at any time just run off and be with someone else but she's willing to endure she's willing to suffer okay so we imagine the entire family Dynamic and history based on just a few sentences in the Bible that's that's the power of the Yahweh the power the Yahweh she's really writing about what it means to be human what it means to have a family and that's why the Bible endures to this day because there are

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 22 - Civilization #22：  The Literary Genesis of the Yahwist.en
Adam and and and Eve okay because it's just a powerful story you can also argue the power of Adam and Eve is because it makes us nostalgic for the ice age right remember the Ice Age were we were in egalitarian society where everyone was equal and the garden of Edom is a metaphor a symbol for that time okay so it is provoking or activating our Nostalgia for that time within each of us must be that a long lost memory of a time when we humans were alone in the world there wer that many of us but life was fairly Pleasant okay food was plentiful we were all friends with with each each each other we didn't really struggle against each other we really didn't struggle against nature we were one with nature and and with each other okay questions so who do the Christians believe to have written the Bible okay who do the Christians believe to have written the Bible

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 23 - Civilization #23：  Cyrus the Great as Messiah.en
fight each other for dominance okay because in mesia the the religion is people must fight for the honor and Glory of their Patron God what keeps the city states from destroying each other is they believe that each City State uh in each city city state in a temple lives a great God so you can destroy the enemy's Army in the battlefield but you can't go and ransack the city and the temple because that will incur the Wrath of the God okay so there are these religious that keep the system in check and so for centuries they've been fighting each other and struggling against each other and in this process of struggle they will create many tremendous innovations that will uh forever change human history for example they create writing they they create um many uh forms of knowledge like mathematics and astronomy okay so this is considered the cradle of civilization this system broke down when a king named uh uh

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 23 - Civilization #23：  Cyrus the Great as Messiah.en
about a guy named Robert who wants to get a in school and so he studies all the time you don't want to hear the story okay it's not Grand it's very boring it's not complete there's no ending it's not really unified because something really happens okay does that make sense it's the same with religions the problem with most religions is the structure okay so the typical religion is uh a three Tire structure so at the center are gods and gods are the ones who participate in human Affairs they're the ones manipulating us but there's also higher tier that governs the gods as well okay these are cosmic forces like um fate and Fortune and then the highest here are these these these invisible laws of the universe that give it structure okay what is referred to as um the immutable and Unwritten laws of the cost okay and this is what the Greeks believed this is what the Romans believed okay

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 25 - Civilization #25：  Paul of Tarsus, Messiah of Rome.en
must protect you we must ensure that you get fair treatment okay and so Paul is brought to the Jew the Roman governor and the Roman Governor um doesn't believe that Paul has broken any laws but there's Jewish mob out there who want to kill him okay so now Paul says to the governor let me talk to the Roman Emperor I will make my case before the Roman Emperor and the governor is like well then I have no choice I no longer have the authority to judge you myself you as a Roman citizen have the right to talk to the Roman Emperor so therefore I will send Soldiers with you to Rome to be judged by the Roman Emperor himself okay and so if you actually read the Bible these two stories between Jesus and Paul you will see how how many parallels and similarities there are okay but the difference is this the difference is Paul is a Roman citizen Jesus

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 32 - Civilization #32：  Rome's Rise, Fall, and Legacy.en
by two oceans and it has infinite resources and it has an extremely aggressive population and the world's most sophisticated military um so by studing in Rome We Gather insight into America where America is right now in its history and where America is headed and the central argument I will make to you today is that both of these societies Rome and America are really war machines they're extremely aggressive and if they cannot turn their aggression aggression aggression outwards they turned their aggression inwards um Rome throughout its history was either fighting Wars against its enemies and then when it ran out of enemies it fought Wars um within itself which ultimately led to its Decline and collapse America is in a very similar situation um after the fall of the Soviet Union um in 1991 America became um hyperpower it had no comp crators it has no peers in the world um even though it tries very hard to look for enemies for

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 32 - Civilization #32：  Rome's Rise, Fall, and Legacy.en
every person whether it's woman man or child would have taken arms and attack and defended the city against Hannibal and this was really the highlight of the Republican system it refuses to surrender because to surrender would mean abandoning it's identity identity okay so that's why Rome was able to defeat all its enemies because the Roman idea of studip was flexible if you're willing to fight for Rome you could become a citizen and as such Rome was able to draw soldiers from all the all of the P Italian Peninsula um from 280 to 272 uh BCE there's something called the p p Wars pyus who was uh a Greek king came to the aid of the Greek colonies in Italy okay these Greeks were complaining and saying the Romans are bullying us can someone please help us and build us a Greek Empire so pyus comes and attacks the Romans and he won every battle the Romans were terrible soldiers he had

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 32 - Civilization #32：  Rome's Rise, Fall, and Legacy.en
you guys clear any questions so far before I continue are you guys clear about about this all right but there's a problem when Rome became an Empire um a republic is not the same as an Empire needed a bureaucracy it needed an emperor you need a top- down down down system and that's in conflict with the idea of a republic where you have to obey the history and and the institutions if you're an Empire you have to absorb new people into your culture but the Romans didn't want to do that because it meant giving up their own culture right so this created a contradiction it this Creed a paradox and this will eventually lead to a series of civil wars that really never stops until Rome collapses all right so to understand this idea think about America today America again it is the it is our Humanity's greatest Empire it controls the entire world basically it has 800 military bases around

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 34 - Civilization #34：  The Useful Fiction of the Holy Roman Empire.en
them them them to um listen to your Authority Charlamagne had at at at that time the greatest army in Europe but even then he was still compelled to uh cooperate with the other kings okay so he achieved a lot of what he did through Conquest but he also achieved a lot of what he did through alliances and treaties and friendships and marriages okay so what this means is if you want to UniFi Europe you cannot do so through military conquest you have to do do so through the idea of legitimacy people have to believe you are the legitimate legitimate legitimate ruler you cannot compel them you must win their hearts and Minds okay and this explains why Charlamagne would want to be crowned by the pope because the pope did have legitimacy he did have authority because the pope was the leader of the Catholic church and at this time there were many kings not all of them but there were

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 39 - Civilization #39：  Genghis Khan, World Shatterer.en
II had a really talented subordinate in parmenion parmenion was really uh the person in charge of the Macedon Army in fact it was penan who was most responsible for ACC the great conquest of Persia okay uh Julius the Julius Caesar had a talent sub subordinate in Titus lainus who was responsible for his victories in Gul and then gas Khan had a talent subordinate in superai who was considered one of the greatest military strategist um ever okay and so what this tells us is they're able to have they're able to exercise tremendous judgment in people they know who to trust they know who not to trust they know who is talented and who is not talented they know how to win the loyal of the subordinates okay that's a very impressive skill and then the question then is how is it possible that they are ruthlessly ambitious at the same time they're able to delegate power in a very effective Manner and

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: science, future, human, truth, control | 39 - Civilization #39：  Genghis Khan, World Shatterer.en
you put in place a new regime they can't do that because they don't have the Personnel for that okay they often don't even have the personnel for Siege Warfare but what they will do is recruit Chinese Engineers um Indian engineers in in order to implement Siege Warfare okay but bureaucrats are very hard to um compensate for okay so these are three fundamental weaknesses of the Mongol system low population they have to fight uh long distances and therefore they have have to worry about supplies and they don't know how to govern other people okay and if we do this okay if we look at what the strengths are and we look at what their fundamental constraints are then we can figure out what their optimal strategy is okay so this is the optimal strategy for the Mongols the first is escalation dominance okay escalation dominance is this okay there there's a concept um in political science called es escalation ladder the escal

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: future, threat, human, truth, control | 39 - Civilization #39：  Genghis Khan, World Shatterer.en
send them off in human W attacks it didn't matter because they were an infinite resource and this idea never existed before in human history and in the Western World this concept is radically radically radically revolutionary it was UN imagable like you could do this so remember Julius Caesar even though he um when he conquered conquered conquered Rome he wasn't intent on masing people why because people could be sold as slaves that was the main way he made his fortune by selling the GS as slaves right but if you believe that people are an infinite resource then you don't want them as slaves okay you want to kill as many people as possible in order to inflict inflict inflict Terror okay so that that's the issue with the Mongols first of all their value system did not lend itself to um governing a hierarchy they didn't know how to and they didn't want to also much more problematic was their contempt for

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: science, future, human, truth, control | 43 - Civilization #43：  The Structure of Scientific Revolutions.en
so science is putting itself above religion and as you can imagine this will create conflicts um within the Catholic Church very very soon um mainly in the trial of Galileo okay okay okay so because science asks this question how do we know truth what it does is it creates the cic method okay um and the cic method is composed of three main um elements the first is you ask questions and you propose hypothesis so there are no questions now that are out of bounds and you have to think of solutions and ideas to solve these questions okay so that's the first step second step is there are these processes and protocols for testing hypothesis experimentation basically right so o only if you can experiment only if you can only if your hypothesis matches experimental results can it be true the last thing is it creates a system of doubt and criticism in order to test all experimental results and today we

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth | 43 - Civilization #43：  The Structure of Scientific Revolutions.en
for the creation of calculus now what's really interesting for us to know about Newton is Newton didn't really see himself as a mathemat mathematician or scientist these were s Hobbies what he really was was a the Theologian okay so he spent most of his time actually reading the Bible because he was convinced that withing the Bible were the secrets of the universe specifically he wanted to know when the world would end okay and he spent his most of his life doing these calculations and he told us that the world will probably end I don't know 2060 okay 2050 2060 around then so he spent most of his time doing theology this is important for us because even at this time even as soci Revolution it's gaining steam there is no separation between religion and science people understood Faith as a very important Cornerstone of science without faith how could you have the energy and the inspiration to understand the mind of

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: science, future, threat, truth, control | 43 - Civilization #43：  The Structure of Scientific Revolutions.en
that's a really important thing we have to remember about science at first it seems wrong but because the people who believe in it have so much conviction and Faith they eventually Triumph okay all right so that's how science develops and this this is the argument of um Thomas in this book the structure of Sonic revolutions okay this is a book that I highly recommend um if you ever stud this History of Science this is a book the first book that you will read because he goes into how science develops over the centuries and the central argument is that science does not develop like peac meal and slowly and methodically okay it goes through revolutions and Paradigm shifts all right okay so um so I know this is going to be a bit long but it's really important that we read him okay paradigms gain their status because because they are more successful than their counter competitors in solving a few problems

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: science, future, threat, human, truth | 43 - Civilization #43：  The Structure of Scientific Revolutions.en
it's actually promising but it's not at all all all convincing normal signs okay the sign that we practice today consists in the actualization of that promise and actualization achieved by extending the knowledge of those facts that the Paradigm displays as particularly revealing by increasing the extent of a match between those facts and the paradigm's predictions and by further articulation of the Paradigm itself okay so this is really important guys science is not about Discovery it's about refinement does that make sense s science will not give us new ideas science will take existing ideas and fine-tune them into something that we can believe and that we can use to drive technological technological technological innovation innovation innovation okay all right so let's look at another passage turn now to another more difficult and more revealing aspect of the parallelism between puzzles and the problems of normal science if it is to classify as a puzzle a problem must be characterized by more than

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: science, future, threat, truth, control | 43 - Civilization #43：  The Structure of Scientific Revolutions.en
parallelism between puzzles and the problems of normal science if it is to classify as a puzzle a problem must be characterized by more than an assured solution there must also be rules that limit both the nature of acceptable Solutions and the steps by which they are to be obtained to solve a jigsaw puzzle is not for example merely to make a picture either child or a contemporary artist could do that by scattering selected pieces as abstract shapes upon some neutral ground okay so this is really important but what he's saying is this science today solves jigsaw puzzles they're trying to take a larger model and find tune pieces that make the model much more elegant it's not trying to reimagine the model it's not trying to over Trend the model it's not trying to add new pieces to the model all it's doing is fine-tuning existing pieces it's like you take a jigar puzzle and and there and there's one exactly

[Score: 3.50] Arcs: science, future, threat, truth, control | 43 - Civilization #43：  The Structure of Scientific Revolutions.en
get along with other people they will let him in Newton is crazy right he's Alchemist he he believes that the Bible will reveal the end of the world he's crazy they won't let him man Einstein is really bad at mathematics he doesn't he would fail all these mathematic tests in order to get into the system he would probably he probably would not get into graduate school today right so this is the world we live in so don't worry about artificial intelligence don't worry about uh billionaires living forever don't worry about nanot technology okay worry about the fact that we've come to a point in our civilization where we are now in capable of of of innovation okay all right so that's it any questions just a small observation when you uh when you set up this lecture and you talked about premodern science and relied on intuition and faith and Imagination I I was really getting ready to push back you

[Score: 3.24] Arcs: control, truth, future, human | 63 - Civilization BONUS：  Meet Professor Jiang.en
this would happen, but I am surprised by the accelerated timeline. Um it seems we are headed towards World War II far faster and and um far harder than I could um ever imagine. Um so um like everyone else um I'm I'm just praying and um hoping that things turn out for the best, but also preparing for the worst. So, this is really the first time that I've had a chance to talk directly uh to you guys. Um so, let me tell you about myself. Um why I'm teaching this course and what my plans are for the future of this class. So um I was born in China in 1976 but when I was six my family and I immigrated to Toronto, Canada and um my family was poor. Uh but I worked really hard. I got a full scholarship to go to Yale University and I was really thankful to my teachers and the opportunity to empower myself for education. So

