--- WENDIGO NARRATIVE COMPILATION [Mode: RETENTION | Style: AGGRESSIVE] ---

[HOOK] (Source: 63 - Civilization BONUS：  Meet Professor Jiang.en)
Arcs: control, truth, future, human
> a full scholarship to go to Yale University and I was really thankful to my teachers and the opportunity to empower myself for education. So after I graduate from Yale with with a um degree in English literature, I returned to China and I've been ever since working in education um doing everything I can I could possibly do in order to promote education reform in China. And I've worked various capacities. I've um obviously worked as an English teacher, but I've also worked as a principal, a curriculum director, a teacher trainer. I've worked um in all levels of education in China, kindergarten, primary school, junior high, high school, university as well. Um Um Um 3 years ago, I got hired at this school that I'm at now, a private school in Beijing that helps students um go abroad. And I first came in actually as a curriculum director um overseeing the uh humanities curriculum at the school, which is what I specialize in. Um,

[BUILD_CONTROL] (Source: 44 - Civilization #44：  The Spanish Conquest of the New World.en)
Arcs: control, future
> something called the triple alliance. Okay. So three tribes that united against together in order to conquer uh the surrounding enemies. They were the main partner. Um the Aztec civilization were was like the Romans extremely advanced. They had uh hierarchy. They had priests. They had uni universal schooling. Okay. So every child was allowed to go to school and learn to read and write. Um they had a system of courts and judges and they had a very strict legal code. They have a very vibrant economy. Okay. So this was a very vibrant civilization and as such their city techn grew very very large. When the Spanish first came to the city, they were amazed by the extreme wealth and size and prosperity of this city. Okay, it made them salivate. Okay, so this is a another shot of Tennopekan. Um, eventually the Aztecs were conquered by one man with maybe a few hundred soldiers. His name is Hernand Cortez and he's an adventurer.

[BUILD_SCIENCE] (Source: 58 - Civilization #57： How Modernism Ruined Everything (Re-upload AUDIO FIXED -- Thanks to Gabriel Bessa).en)
Arcs: science, truth
> okay I'll give you a choice you can either continue doing what you do and I'll kill you or you convert to Islam. so he can murder Islam. But when he did so, he told his followers, I did so because God doesn't care about what you do. God cares about what's in your heart. As long as you're true to God, what you do in life does not matter. Okay? And the religion he started is still around uh today. Okay? And um this is from Wikipedia. Okay? All this is from Wik Wikipedia and you can look look you can look at it online to make sure that I'm just making making this up. All right. So as part of this movement um I mean you can read this right? All right. Um sexual abuse was actually pretty pretty pretty common. So we have evidence suggests that yes um these women were probably telling the truth and Freud knew knew so. But Freud ultimately

[COLLISION] (Source: 63 - Civilization BONUS：  Meet Professor Jiang.en)
Arcs: control, truth, future, human
> this would happen, but I am surprised by the accelerated timeline. Um it seems we are headed towards World War II far faster and and um far harder than I could um ever imagine. Um so um like everyone else um I'm I'm just praying and um hoping that things turn out for the best, but also preparing for the worst. So, this is really the first time that I've had a chance to talk directly uh to you guys. Um so, let me tell you about myself. Um why I'm teaching this course and what my plans are for the future of this class. So um I was born in China in 1976 but when I was six my family and I immigrated to Toronto, Canada and um my family was poor. Uh but I worked really hard. I got a full scholarship to go to Yale University and I was really thankful to my teachers and the opportunity to empower myself for education. So

[RESOLUTION] (Source: 47 - Civilization #47：  The Passion of Robespierre.en)
Arcs: future, threat
> THIS WILL END THE FRENCH REVOLUTION TRILOGY. OKAY.


[DIAGNOSTICS]
{
  "mode": "retention",
  "hook_length_chars": 937,
  "total_script_chars": 3586,
  "clarity_score": 0.7,
  "early_conflict_score": 0.6
}
